Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil - Xvid 1cd - Eng Subs [DDR]

Bale Pandiya is a 1962 Tamil comedy film directed by B.R. Panthulu. 
Starring Sivaji Ganesan, Devika and M.R. Radha in the lead roles, the music was scored by M.S.Viswanathan and T.K. Ramamoorthy. 
It is the first film to feature Sivaji Ganesan in three distinct roles.
Bale Pandiya was very well received, and was rated a "blockbuster".
It was moreover famous for its comedy tracks.

CAST:-
Sivaji Ganesan - Bale Pandiya / Marudhu / Shankar
M. R. Radha - Kabali (Marudhu's Boss) / Amritha Lingam (Geetha's Father)
Devika - Geetha, Lead Female Actor
K. Balaji - Ravi, Cousin of Geetha

Directed by B.R. Panthulu
Music by M.S. Viswanathan & T.K. Ramamoorthy
Lyrics by Kannadasan.

Songs are included in MP3s
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 00. Title Music and Screen Credits, M.S. Viswanathan & T.K. Ramamoorthy
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 01. Vaazha Ninaiththaal - 1, TM. Sounderarajan, P. Susheela, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 02. Nan Ena Sollivetain, T.M. Soundararajan, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 03. Yarai Enge Vaipad Endru, T.M. Soundararajan, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 04. Neye Unak Endru, TM. Sounderarajan, M. Raj, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 05. Aadhi Manidhan, P.B. Sreenivas, K. Jamuna Rani, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 06. Athi Kai Kai, Soundararajan, Susheela, Sreenivas, Jamuna Rani, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 07. Vaazha Ninaiththaal - 2, TM. Sounderarajan, P. Susheela, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan
Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil 08. Athi Kai Kai .. END SONG

SYNOPSIS:- Balae Pandiya (1962) Tamil
Bale Pandiya (Sivaji Ganesan) is a young man who leads a troubled life. He is continuously being chased by Marudhu (also Sivaji Ganesan) - a look-alike of him and Marudhu's boss Kabali (M.R. Radha), who would be given a lot of money if they killed Pandiya. While being chased by them once, he gets into a runaway car being driven by an insane young girl. The car crashes, but the girl gets cured from her insanity. Her father allows Pandiya, who is homeless, to stay with them. Parallelly, Pandiya falls for Geetha (Devika) and her father Amritha Lingam (also M. R. Radha) accepts the romance. But Marudhu and Kabali's pursuit for Pandiya still continues, and they successfully toss him into the sea. However Pandiya's elder brother Shankar (also Sivaji Ganesan), a scientist finds out about everything and agrees to help. He pretends to be Pandiya after faking his own death and confronts Marudhu and Kabali, making them shocked to see "Pandiya" alive. Just then, the real Pandiya steps in, revealing that two fisherman saved him from drowning and hell breaks loose. The two brothers battle the criminals and in the process, Kabali accidentally shoots Marudhu dead. Saddened by the death of his friend, he commits suicide. So Pandiya and Geetha are re-united.

Shortly before his trip to the United States, Sivaji Ganesan had signed up for Bale Pandiya. He visited the studios on the second day of the month, and left on the twelfth after the film was completed. Ganesan claimed himself to hold the "world record of completing a film in eleven days time." He played three distinct roles, while his co-star M. R. Radha played two roles. The entire film was completed in 15 days, with shooting going on simultaneously at three different places.

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Bitrate: 1295 kbps
Video Resolution: 640x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: Tamil
RunTime: 2:26:52
Subtitles: English
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]   
Duration: 2:26:52