Juliette March - Insatiable Bondage Whore

Mar 1, 2013 - Performers: Juliette March 


WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.
  
        
Petite brunette Juliette has an intense gaze about her. Something that makes you think there are more behind those eyes... a true depraved pervert. No amount of bondage will satiate her need for restraint. She comes back again and again like a junkie chasing the dragon. I like her addiction and I'm interested in feeding the monster.

In scene one, Juliette starts out trying to endure the uncomfortable vertical arrangement of a compression bilbo stock pose. In her pretty little dress and fingers white at the knuckles with desperate pressure to alleviate her discomfort, bitch is fucked. She is laid down in the same stock assembly and challenged with a thorough ass paddling and intense foot torment. No time is wasted in getting in the greedy bondage whore's cunt. Worked over and climaxed, she is completely helpless.

Second, Juliette is bound in a mutli pose pipe inverted strap suspension. First, the swan dive. Her head is encased in a form fitting latex hood and pulled back into a nice arch. Her pussy protrudes clear as day and a stringent combination of pleasure and pain is administered to her questionable willingness. She is let out of the swan dive into a forward bend and is now made to demonstrate her whore abilities with her holes. Once thoroughly exhausted, she is laid down into a full worm inversion and left to feel her helplessness and binds.

Juliette is then subjected to a spread sybian finish. Her torso is chained to the ladder and her gag is tied in uncomfortably by her ears. A nice tight leather posture collar prevents her ability to see the zipper that is about to be administered gleefully with every clothespin in the bucket. She rides the sybian hard with so many explosive orgasms that we lose count. Shaking, writhing, unraveling... never satisfied, always wanting.

Screens   
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=29350

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

