First published in 1934, Security Analysis is one of the most influential financial books ever written. Selling more than one million copies through five editions, it has provided generations of investors with the timeless value investing philosophy and techniques of Benjamin Graham and David L. Dodd.

As relevant today as when they first appeared nearly 75 years ago, the teachings of Benjamin Graham, “the father of value investing,” have withstood the test of time across a wide diversity of market conditions, countries, and asset classes.

This new sixth edition, based on the classic 1940 version, is enhanced with 200 additional pages of commentary from some of today’s leading Wall Street money managers. These masters of value investing explain why the principles and techniques of Graham and Dodd are still highly relevant even in today’s vastly different markets. The contributor list includes:

Seth A. Klarman, president of The Baupost Group, L.L.C. and author of Margin of Safety 
James Grant, founder of Grant's Interest Rate Observer, general partner of Nippon Partners 
Jeffrey M. Laderman, twenty-five year veteran of BusinessWeek 
Roger Lowenstein, author of Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist and When America Aged and Outside Director, Sequoia Fund 
Howard S. Marks, CFA, Chairman and Co-Founder, Oaktree Capital Management L.P. 
J. Ezra Merkin, Managing Partner, Gabriel Capital Group . 
Bruce Berkowitz, Founder, Fairholme Capital Management. 
Glenn H. Greenberg, Co-Founder and Managing Director, Chieftain Capital Management 
Bruce Greenwald, Robert Heilbrunn Professor of Finance and Asset Management, Columbia Business School 
David Abrams, Managing Member, Abrams Capital
Featuring a foreword by Warren E. Buffett (in which he reveals that he has read the 1940 masterwork “at least four times”), this new edition of Security Analysis will reacquaint you with the foundations of value investing—more relevant than ever in the tumultuous 21st century markets.
