Abhishiktananda - Prayer (ISPCK, Delhi, India, 1989). 120 pages.

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination and metadata, etc.


This book was first published in the USA in 1967 (by Westminster Press), but this expanded edition was not published until 1989 in India. (There's also an UK/USA edition published in 2006.) The author, French monk Henri le Saux, was among the first generation of Catholics to engage Eastern thought, in this case advaita in particular, and he took the name Abhishiktananda as a result. (J.M. Dechanet was another French monk involved in the same process; his book Christian Yoga is also available on tpb.)

description:

First published nearly forty years ago and having been translated into numerous languages, this classic text is written by a Benedictine monk whose Christianity was profoundly enriched by his encounter with Hindu spirituality. Described by its author as 'a little book to help Christians in their inner renewal, and to make them increasingly attentive to the call of the Spirit', it is a simple and practical manual for learning to live each moment in the presence of God. 10 short chapters provide a lifetime's agenda and are full of gems of wisdom. They focus on: the holy presence, the mystery of God, recognizing God in all things, listening for God's call, the prayer of silence, and contemplative reading of scripture. This deceptively simple text contains all the building blocks necessary for a mature life of prayer. ABHISHIKTANANDA is the name by which the French Benedictine Monk, Dom Henri Le Saux became known after he moved to India in search of a more radical way of living his monastic vocation. He founded the Christian ashram, Shantivanam, that was to become world famous under his successor, Bede Griffiths.

Review

'...a wonderful book from one of the twentieth century's great masters of the spiritual life'. -- David Barton Fairacres Chronicle 2007

About the Author

ABHISHIKTANANDA is the name by which the French Benedictine Monk, Dom Henri Le Saux became known after he moved to India in search of a more radical way of living his monastic vocation. He founded the Christian ashram, Shantivanam, that was to become world famous under his successor, Bede Griffiths.