Driver Magician

Driver Magician offers a professional solution for device drivers backup, restoration, update and removal in Windows operating system. It identifies all the hardware in the system, extracts their associated drivers from the hard disk and backs them up to a location of your choice. Then when you format and reinstall/upgrade your operating system, you can restore all the "saved" drivers just as if you had the original driver diskettes in your hands. After one system reboot, your PC will be loaded and running with the required hardware drivers.

What's more, Driver Magician has a built in database of the latest drivers with the ability to go to the Internet to receive the driver updates. It saves lots of time to find the correct drivers and mature drivers will obviously increase the performance of hardware. If there are unknown devices in your PC, Driver Magician helps you detect them easily and quickly with its built in hardware identifier database.

Key features:

Back up device drivers of your computer in four modes.
Restore device drivers from backup in one mouse click.
Update device drivers of your PC to improve system performance and stability.
Uninstall device drivers
Live Update device identifier database and driver update database.
Detect unknown devices.
Back up more items such as My Documents and Desktop.
Restore more items from backup.
Get detailed information of the hardware drivers.
Clone all drivers to an auto-setup package (.exe), so you can restore drivers without installing Driver Magician. 

What's new

April 26th, 2013 device drivers software - Driver Magician Version 3.8 released
1. Add more devices in unknown device database 
2. Some minor tweaks

System Requirement:

Windows┬⌐ 98/ME/2000/XP/Server 2003/Vista/7/8/x64
32 MB of available RAM (64 MB recommended) plus 20 MB of available disk space for installation

Homepage: http://www.drivermagician.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.