

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Fire and Brimstone Vol 20 - Signs and Witnesses



POtHS Comment: Out to the "Woodshed" with you.

Description:

Torah Treasures Revealed - Monday October 25, 2012:
Dan & Brenda Cathcart
The Sign of Jonah in the Plagues: Exodus and Revelation

Numbers have significance in scripture and, in this lesson we will look at the significance of the numbers two, three, four, seven, nine and ten. The number two represents difference or division. The number three represents divine completion. The number four represents creation. The number seven represents spiritual completion. The number nine represents judgment. The number ten represents the perfection of divine order; a complete cycle. Matthew 12:39-40 NKJV 39 But He answered and said to them, "An evil and adulterous generation seeks after a sign, and no sign will be given to it except the sign of the prophet Jonah. 40 "For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the great fish, so will the Son of Man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. The Sign of Jonah is the presence of the number three, a certain death situation and a miraculous deliverance. Exodus 10:22 And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven. And there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three days. (MKJV) Matthew 27:45 And from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour. (MKJV) Exodus 12:12 12 'For I will pass through the land of Egypt on that night, and will strike all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD. (NKJV) At the end of the tenth plague, God completed His judgment against the gods of Egypt and accomplished the redemption of His people. What is it that sets off the plagues against Egypt? Exodus 5:1-3 NKJV 1 Afterward Moses and Aaron went in and told Pharaoh, "Thus says the LORD God of Israel: 'Let My people go, that they may hold a feast to Me in the wilderness.'" 2 And Pharaoh said, "Who is the LORD, that I should obey His voice to let Israel go? I do not know the LORD, nor will I let Israel go." 3 So they said, "The God of the Hebrews has met with us. Please, let us go three days' journey into the desert and sacrifice to the LORD our God, lest He fall upon us with pestilence or with the sword." ... For complete notes, audio and video downloads please see: 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
