Taken 2 (2012)

After the deaths of Albanian mobsters, the cousins of the criminals whom Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) killed while searching for his daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace), leave Paris, France and return to their hometown of Tropojë, Albania, for the dead men's funeral. During the ceremony, Murad (Rade Šerbedžija), the employer of the men and father of Marko, whom Bryan killed by electrocution, states that they will find Bryan to avenge the deaths of their loved ones, no matter what the cost.

Kim and her mother Lenore (Famke Janssen), who is currently having relationship problems with her husband, surprise Bryan by joining him on his trip to Istanbul, Turkey where he is having a business vacation after a work assignment for the CIA. While Kim remains at the hotel, Lenore and Bryan are being followed by Murad's men on the streets of Istanbul, but Bryan suspects a tail. The men capture Lenore, forcing Bryan to surrender, but before he does he calls Kim and warns her about the men, allowing her to escape through the hotel balcony, and she escapes through the rooftops of Istanbul, but Bryan is captured.

Bryan wakes with his hands tied to a pole in a dark room. Using a communications device that he has hidden in his sock, Bryan calls Kim, instructing her to go to the U.S Embassy and tell them what happened, but she begs for a chance to help him and Lenore. Under Bryan's guidance, she opens up his weaponry suitcase and throws a live grenade out of the window. Bryan uses the time it takes for the sound of the explosion to reach him in order to deduce his location.

He then has her take a gun and two more grenades and travel towards his location via the rooftops, while he frees himself from his restraints and sends steam up a chimney to mark his location. Kim tosses the gun down the chimney and Bryan uses it to escape. Now on the run, they are chased by Murad's men. They steal a cab and are chased through the streets. Bryan has Kim commandeer the car and while she drives away, he shoots the assailants, escaping.

Bryan later returns to the building but Lenore has already been moved. Leaving Kim at the U.S embassy, he follows the route to Murad's safehouse he memorized from his abduction. After killing two men, he confronts Murad, who insists that his two remaining sons will seek revenge if Bryan kills him. Murad agrees to call off his vendetta in exchange for Bryan letting him live. Bryan drops his gun and walks away, but Murad seizes it and tries to shoot Bryan, only to discover that Bryan has removed the bullets. Knowing that Murad would never abide by a truce, Bryan kills him by pushing his neck into a coat hanger.

Three weeks later, the Mills family eats at a diner back home in Los Angeles to celebrate Kim's passing her driving test. They are joined, much to Bryan's surprise, by Kim's boyfriend Jamie, and Kim jokingly asks her overprotective father not to shoot him or restrain him.

Cast:
Liam Neeson as Bryan Mills, a retired CIA agent
Maggie Grace as Kim Mills, Bryan's daughter
Famke Janssen as Lenore, Bryan's wife
Rade Šerbedžija as Murad, chief of the Albanian mafia and head of the kidnappers
Leland Orser as Sam, Bryan's friend and former CIA colleague
Jon Gries as Casey
D.B. Sweeney as Bernie
Luke Grimes as Jamie, Kim's boyfriend
Kevork Malikyan as Inspector Durmaz
Luenell as Kim's driving instructor