City Cimişlia Moldova enter into written history in the first half of the eighteenth century. The first statement is from July 4, 1620 (see references in the works of contemporary istoricianului Vladimir NICU) Tatars settled here, which became majority, changes his name to Cimişlia - Tartar word would have meant wealth. Father James Iusipescu, who made the first attempt to write and publish Cimislia history in 1874, explains: Lia is a Turkish word for girl and Cimiş is the name given to manufacturers and builders in that time even if Moldovans living here and Tatars together, were never conflicts. At the foundation of the settlement name just stand and a beautiful love legend: Fireplace over 380 years Cimişlia spins its thread th and at a great legend of love of two young people: Cimiş and Lia. A long, long time they lived in two villages megieşe, Cogîlnic and cold. Early in the day the boy out into the field with the plow and the girl with golden grain wallet. Lad pulled the deep furrow, and to throw seeds in fertile soil. And from that day sprout their love. And so sweet and pure that they loved, where passed, murmuring springs, green fields, flowers bloomed. And only parents were laid against their love. When the two lovers on a Monday morning they left home, taking with her a plow and a bag of wheat. And where "... slow up hills, sky climb, and sucking crammed into songs ..." they furrows we have plowed and sown until the evening. Tuesday a source in the heart of the earth had opened. Wednesday they broke a wheel clay. Thursday her house erected. Friday all of it worked. Saturday weddings were married and had played "... wedding guests paltinaşi trees and priests big mountains, birds - musicians ...". and Sunday only rested freely. Hearing their livelihood happy young people from neighboring villages have got to sit on the fireplace blessed, saying parents and Gentiles, that they go to Cimiş and Lia, Cimişlia the reality was far more cruel to the locals. Although in 1827 Cimişlia became the administrative center, many of the inhabitants died of plague and took a special cemetery in the southeastern part of the city. Located Bugeac on Cogilnic rivers, the town has suffered from drought often and that decline in the area. Dimitrie Cantemir, in his "Description of Moldova", referring to the river, said: Cogilnic can say that the place has no springs, only fill in the autumn rains and only then can call rill, all summer stays dry. And unfortunately this description corresponds to today. In 1840 the town received the status of a borough. 1844 here opens the first school, in 1885 Zemstvo hospital (a doctor and a surgeon). In the interwar period (1918-1940), part of the county Cimişlia Bender, then under the leadership of the Soviet Empire is what's district center today.