
Release: Illegal [Edward G. Robinson] (1955) DVDRip Oldies
Title: Illegal
Title in Brazil: Trágica Fatalidade
Uploader: labok
Size:  700 MB
Genre: Crime / Film-Noir
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 88 mins
Resolução: 592 x 320
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: MP3  
Taxa de Biltrate: 96 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 6,9 (awaiting 693 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048199/
Directed By: Lewis Allen

Starring:  

Edward G. Robinson ... Victor Scott
Nina Foch ... Ellen Miles 
Hugh Marlowe ... Ray Borden 
Jayne Mansfield ... Angel O'Hara
Albert Dekker ... Frank Garland 
Howard St. John ... E.A. Smith 
Ellen Corby ... Miss Hinkel 
Edward Platt ... Ralph Ford 

Synopis:

Ambitious D.A. Victor Scott zealously prosecutes Ed Clary for a woman's murder. But as Clary walks "the last mile" to the electric chair, Scott receives evidence that exonerates the condemned man. Realizing that he's made a terrible mistake he tries to stop the execution but is too late. Humbled by his grievous misjudgement, Scott resigns as a prosecutor. Entering private practice, he employs the same cunning that made his reputation and draws the attention of mob kingpin, Frank Garland. The mobster succeeds in bribing Scott into representing one of his stooges on a murder rap and Scott, in a grand display of courtroom theatrics, wins the case. But soon Scott finds himself embroiled in dirty mob politics. The situation becomes intolerable when his former protege in the D.A.'s office is charged with a murder that seems to implicate her as an informant to the Garland mob. Can Victor defend the woman he secretly loves and also keep his life? 

Sinopse Pt Br:

Um dos grandes astros do cine "noir", edward G. Robinson (Balas ou Votos), protagoniza este filme estiloso, que é um "remake" de um filme produzido em 1932, a partir da obra teatral de Frank J. Collins. A história segue os passos de Victor Scott, um cara que defende os mais esquecidos da sociedade, depois de ter vivido uma experiência desastrosa com a cadeira elétrica, por ter enviado um inocente à morte. No elenco, destacam-se nomes de peso como , Nina Foch e a explosiva loira Jayne Mansfield.
