
Software Name: TeamViewer
Program Version: 8.0.17292
Latest version: 8.0.17292
Official site: TeamViewer
Language: MULTi
Treatment: Present

System Requirements:
Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8 (32-bit / 64-bit).

Description:
TeamViewer - software for remote computer control. The main feature is that it does not need an external IP, only need 2 ID in the system TeamViewer. This program works through the Internet, regardless of the country in which you are. In addition to desktop access and control a remote computer, you can transfer files, make presentations, to help set up your computer, chat, etc.

Additional Information:
One solution for all situations
While most competitors offer different packages for remote support, remote administration, training and sales (requiring also charge for them ...), TeamViewer is a universal solution for all situations: TeamViewer collected all the modules in one simple and truly affordable package.

New features:
Remote management
Drag faster
Just drag the desired file from the remote control or in the window exactly where you need it.
Enhanced support for multiple monitors
You and your customers are working with multiple screens? Then simply display multiple remote screens at 1:1 on their monitors at a time and do not switch.
Save the connection settings for each computer
You can now store individual connection settings for each computer in the list of your computers and contacts, saving you time when you reconnect.
Integrated feature screenshots
Creating screenshots at any time during a remote control session. Thus the remote screen shots obtained almost lightning speed.
AVI Converter
Transcode recorded sessions in format AVI, and then edit the video files as you wish.
A customizable TeamViewer
Place the panel TeamViewer at any location on your monitor at any time to see all the important areas of the screen.
Increase in productivity
Direct connections and file transfer are now even faster due to optimization of data packets and display settings.

Installation:
1. Install The Application
2. Run Patch.exe
3. Apply the Patch.
4. Run the Application.
5. Enjoy 