Family - A Song For Me [1970][2013]





01. Drowned in Wine  
02. Some Poor Soul  
03. Love Is a Sleeper  
04. Stop for the Traffic (Through the Heart of Me)  
05. Wheels  
06. Song for Sinking Lovers  
07. Hey-Let It Rock  
08. The Cat and the Rat  
09. 93's Ok J  
10. A Song for Me  
11. A Song For Lots [Bonus Track]





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Family were an English rock band that formed in late 1966 and disbanded in October 1973. Their style has been characterised as progressive rock, although their sound often explored other genres, incorporating elements of styles such as folk, psychedelia, acid, jazz fusion and rock and roll. The band achieved recognition in the United Kingdom through their albums, club and concert tours and appearances at festivals, but were unable to attract the same level of attention in USA.

The band's rotating membership throughout its relatively short existence led to a diversity in sound throughout their different albums. Family are also often seen as an unjustly forgotten act,[1] when compared with other bands from the same period and have been described as an "odd band loved by a small but rabid group of fans".

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Song for Me is the third album from the English progressive rock band Family, released on 23 January 1970.

The album was recorded late 1969 in Olympic Studios in London. It was their first album with new members John Weider on bass and Poli Palmer on keyboards, flute and vibraphone. The past several months had been full of setbacks for Family, with Grech having left for Blind Faith, King forced to leave for getting too deep into drug addiction, and their first U.S. tour having proved a disaster.

Although many of the songs had been written with King's saxophone in mind, Charlie Whitney and Roger Chapman were able to rework them with Palmer's instruments, and Palmer quickly made himself integral to Family's sound. Because some of these songs had been debuted in live performances in the previous year, many Family fans found themselves getting accommodated to arrangements that sounded radically different from what they expected.

Much of A Song for Me shows Family exploring various popular forms, from jazz and blues to folk and country.

