

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/512ibM%2BssCL._SS500_.jpg


Hard Style Abs: Hit Hard. Lift Heavy. Look the Part

Publisher: Dragon Door Publications
Pavel Tsatsouline
2012 
English
ISBN: 0938045857 
EPUB
227 pages 
15.5 MB

How to Develop the Ultimate in Wrought-Iron Muscle, Mid-Section Body Armor and Core Generation of Explosive PowerThe sole goal of Hardstyle Abs is to achieve an extraordinarily strong mid-section. But not simply to swivel heads with your rippling six-pack. For, according to Pavel, your abs should be simultaneously weapon, armor and force generator. The six-pack is just a side effect of the coiled power with which you now operate. 

Hardstyle Abs will give you impenetrable body armor--to withstand a direct hit of the greatest magnitude. Hardstyle Abs will give you the generative force to retaliate with a devastating backlash. And Hardstyle Abs will help you lift more weight than ever before--more safely. After years of dedicated research and experimentation, Pavel has identified three killer drills, as all you need to achieve this level of mid-section mastery. Follow Pavel's battle plan to the T and the results are guaranteed--noticeable within weeks, extraordinary within months. Pavel provides the laser focus. You? Simply obey the commands. The highlights of Pavel's HardStyle Abs program:

Why high reps have failed you--and the secret sauce that will have your abs tuned for heavy action all day long and at a moment's notice.
 Hardstyle breathing--for explosive power and a bullet-proof waist.
 The Hardstyle Sit-up--to generate an unbelievable contraction for superior results.
 Internal Isometrics--the lost secret behind the old-time physical culturalists' exceptional abdominal strength and development.
 The Hardstyle Hanging Leg Raise--the final weapon you must master to channel the power of your every muscle into one devastating surge.
 My good friend Pavel is the functionally strongest pound for pound man I have ever measured and studied. This validates his approaches--they are not polluted by current trend, political correctness, financial gain or ego. Listen to his wisdom and you will be stronger and wiser. I did, and I am.--Professor Stuart McGill, author of Ultimate Back Fitness and Performance

