
Release: The Last Detail [Jack Nicholson] (1973) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Last Detail
Title in Brazil: A Última Missão
Uploader: labok
Size: 1,09 GB
Genre: Comedy / Drama
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 104 mins
Resolução: 624 x 336
Video Codec: XVID 
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: AC-P3  
Taxa de Biltrate: 256 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 7,5 (awaiting 10.456 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070290/
Directed By: Hal Ashby

Starring:  

Jack Nicholson ... Buddusky
Otis Young ... Mulhall 
Randy Quaid ... Meadows 
Clifton James ... M.A.A. 
Carol Kane ... Young Whore 
Michael Moriarty ... Marine O.D. 
Luana Anders ... Donna 
Kathleen Miller ... Annette 
Nancy Allen ... Nancy 

Synopis:

Two bawdy, tough looking navy lifers - "Bad-Ass" Buddusky, and "Mule" Mulhall - are commissioned to escort a young pilferer named Meadows to the brig in Portsmouth. Meadows is not much of a thief. Indeed, in his late teens, he is not much of a man at all. His great crime was to try to steal forty dollars from the admiral's wife's pet charity. For this, he's been sentenced to eight years behind bars. At first, Buddusky and Mulhall view the journey as a paid vacation, but their holiday spirits are quickly depressed by the prisoner, who looks prepared to break into tears at any moment. And he has the lowest self-image imaginable. Buddusky gets it into his head to give Meadows a good time and teach him a bit about getting on in the world. Lesson one: Don't take every card life deals you. Next, he teaches Meadows to drink, and, as a coup de grace, finds a nice young whore to instruct him in lovemaking. Mule, who worries aloud about his own position with military authority, seems pleased ... 
        
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
Dois veteranos oficiais da marinha são designados para levar um jovem marinheiro à prisão, onde ele terá de cumprir uma pena de oito anos por um pequeno delito. Logo eles percebem que o condenado não passa de um rapaz carente e ingênuo e resolvem fazer com que ele se divirta o quanto puder no caminho, mostrando as delícias da vida mundana como um presente para os seus últimos momentos de liberdade.
 
