
The Stooges - The Stooges (1969) [SHM-CD]
EAC | FLAC-IMG+CUE+LOG > 247 MB | Scans |
2009 / 34:44 mins / Japanese Mini-LP Remastered SHM-CD # WPCR-13729

The Stooges (also known as Iggy and The Stooges) is an American rock band from Ann Arbor, Michigan first active from 1967 to 1974, and later reformed in 2003. Although they sold few records in their original incarnation and often performed for indifferent or hostile audiences, the Stooges are widely regarded as instrumental in the rise of punk rock, as well as influential to alternative rock, heavy metal and rock music at large.

The Stooges is the self-titled debut of the band. It was released in August 1969 and peaked at number 106 on the Billboard album charts. Two songs, "I Wanna Be Your Dog" and "1969", were released as singles.


While the Stooges had a few obvious points of influence -- the swagger of the early Rolling Stones, the horny pound of the Troggs, the fuzztone sneer of a thousand teenage garage bands, and the Velvet Underground's experimental eagerness to leap into the void -- they didn't really sound like anyone else around when their first album hit the streets in 1969. It's hard to say if Ron Asheton, Scott Asheton, Dave Alexander, and the man then known as Iggy Stooge were capable of making anything more sophisticated than this, but if they were, they weren't letting on, and the best moments of this record document the blithering inarticulate fury of the post-adolescent id. Ron Asheton's guitar runs (fortified with bracing use of fuzztone and wah-wah) are so brutal and concise they achieve a naïve genius, while Scott Asheton's proto-Bo Diddley drums and Dave Alexander's solid bass stomp these tunes into submission with a force that inspires awe. And Iggy's vividly blank vocals fill the "so what?" shrug of a thousand teenagers with a wealth of palpable arrogance and wondrous confusion. One of the problems with being a trailblazing pioneer is making yourself understood to others, and while John Cale seemed sympathetic to what the band was doing, he didn't appear to quite get it, and as a result he made a physically powerful band sound a bit sluggish on tape. But "1969," "I Wanna Be Your Dog," "Real Cool Time," "No Fun," and other classic rippers are on board, and one listen reveals why they became clarion calls in the punk rock revolution. Part of the fun of The Stooges is, then as now, the band managed the difficult feat of sounding ahead of their time and entirely out of their time, all at once.

-- Review by Mark Deming, allmusic com


Tracklist:

01. 1969
02. I Wanna Be Your Dog
03. We Will Fall
04. No Fun
05. Real Cool Time
06. Ann
07. Not Right
08. Little Doll

Originally Produced by John Cale.

- Iggy "Stooges" Pop - vocals
- Ron Asheton - guitar, vocals
- Dave Alexander - bass
- Scott Asheton - drums
+ John Cale - piano, sleighbell on "I Wanna Be Your Dog", viola on "We Will Fall".

Cardboard sleeve reissue from Iggy Pop & The Stooges featuring the high-fidelity SHM-CD format and the 2005 remastering. Part of a two-album Iggy Pop & The Stooges SHM-CD cardboard sleeve reissue series featuring albums "The Stooges" and "Fun House."

Japanese Cardboard Sleeve SHM-CD Limited Reissue.
Pressed in 2009 by Warner Music Japan.
All thanks goes to the original ripper!