Medea Benjamin (foreword by Barbara Ehrenreich) - Drone Warfare: Killing by Remote Control (O/R Books, 2012)

Good quality epub and mobi.


A few days ago Medea Benjamin got some publicity when she interrupted Barack Obama as he fed the world another line of bull regarding the war on terror, and Obama ended up saying people should listen to Benjamin. This is a book she published last year. A revised edition was just published in April, but this is the 2012 edition.



description:

Groundbreaking exposé of the rapid shift to robot warfare, by a leading antiwar activist.

Drone Warfare is the first comprehensive analysis of one of the fastest growing—and most secretive—fronts in global conflict: the rise of robot warfare. In 2000, the Pentagon had fewer than fifty aerial drones; ten years later, it had a fleet of nearly 7,500, and the US Air Force now trains more drone “pilots” than bomber and fighter pilots combined. Drones are already a $5 billion business in the US alone. The human cost? Drone strikes have killed more than 200 children alone in Pakistan and Yemen.

CODEPINK and Global Exchange cofounder Medea Benjamin provides the first extensive analysis of who is producing the drones, where they are being used, who controls these unmanned planes, and what are the legal and moral implications of their use. In vivid, readable style, this book also looks at what activists, lawyers, and scientists across the globe are doing to ground these weapons. Benjamin argues that the assassinations we are carrying out from the air will come back to haunt us when others start doing the same thing—to us.

Review

''In this remarkably cogent and carefully researched book, Medea Benjamin makes it clear that drones are not just another high-tech military trinket. Drone Warfare sketches out the nightmare possibilities posed by this insane proliferation.'' --Barbara Ehrenreich, New York Times bestselling author

''Activist extraordinaire Medea Benjamin has documented how the US government's use of drones to murder hundreds of innocent civilians in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen has increased the danger to our national security. Benjamin's Drone Warfare is the first book that reveals the vocal international citizen opposition that challenges the legality and morality of America's extrajudicial execution drones before they kill here at home.'' --Ann Wright, US Army colonel (Ret.)

About the Author

MEDEA BENJAMIN is a cofounder of the peace group CODEPINK and the international human rights organization Global Exchange. She has been an advocate for social justice for more than thirty years. Described as ''one of America's most committed and most effective-fighters for human rights'' by Newsday and called ''one of the high-profile leaders of the peace movement'' by the Los Angeles Times, Benjamin has distinguished herself as an eloquent and energetic figure in the progressive movement. A former economist and nutritionist with the United Nations and World Health Organization, she is the author-editor of eight books. Her articles appear regularly in such publications as the Huffington Post,CommonDreams, Alternet, and OpEd News.