Sexually BrokenKelly Devine, Extreme Throat fucking, Massive Squirting screaming bondage orgasms! Anal Squirting  Kelly Divine  Matt Williams MP4


Mp4 Only

Welcome back Kelly Devine and her huge awesome boobs, ass and amazing personality. Kelly is one of the biggest sweethearts you will meet in the industry. She genuinely loves her work and it shows. 

Kelly is bound with custom leather bondage cuffs, leaving her arms helpless behind her back. Brutal breast bondage crushes her huge tits into big balls of awesome. The hard cock plays with her lips, then penetrates her mouth. The hard cock begins a rough deep throat fucking the likes Kelly has never before endured. Sexually Broken's specialty is rough consensual, deep throat, face fucking. The kind that the girl struggles to keep up on, the kind that sends the girl into deep subspace. The kind that leaves the girl staring blankly into nothingness, dazed and helpless.

 Covered in deep throat spit and skull fucking tears, we lift the dazed Kelly to her feet and bind her into a beautiful "fuck me" position. Fingers penetrate her tight asshole, and a finger banging the likes that Kelly has never experienced sends her from zero to massive squirting screaming orgasm in about 5 seconds! She squirts out of her pussy from her anal finger banging. Kelly is sexually wrecked, the cock enters her wet pussy and within seconds she is being fucked to another orgasm. We fuck Kelly hard, deep and rough, and she cums again and again, bound and helpless.

 In the end we pull out and finger blast her ass one more time proving we can MAKE her have a catastrophic assgasm that squirts out of her pussy. We leave her drenched in her own squirt and cum, wondering what the fuck just happened...
 
Screens    
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/03_27kdivine2/SexuallyBroken-Kelly-Divine-Matt-Williams-Kelly-Devine-Extreme-Throat-fucking-Massive-Squirting-screaming-bondage-orgasms-Anal-Squirting.php


10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  
		