Artist: CocoRosie
Release: Tales of a Grass Widow
Released: 2013
Label: City Slang
Catalog#: SLANG50050
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: USA
Style: alternative, electronic, experimental, folk

1. After The Afterlife
2. Tearz For Animals
3. Child Bride
4. Broken Chariot
5. End Of Time
6. Harmless Monster
7. Gravediggress
8. Far Away
9. Roots Of My Hair
10. Villain
11. Poison

Despite what their album titles would have you believe, CocoRosie have never been one for telling stories—or at least not the cohesive, plot-driven stories Stephen King and Dan Brown would have us believe is the mark of a true narrative. But Tales Of A Grass Widow is the closest they’ve come yet: part childhood bedtime story/part warning tale of mortality. Sisters Bianca and Sierra Casady have shown on previous albums that they have a way with words. The kind of way where the lyrics smash into each other, flicked out of the sisters’ mouths by perpetually loose tongues. And they have a definite style: Sienna attempted a career as an opera singer in Paris; Bianca raps and everyone cringes. 2010’s Grey Oceans and 2007’s Adventures Of Ghosthorse And Stillborn were exercises in getting lost. Their linguistic playfulness and musical grab bag style left the listener either feeling proud of himself, car sick, or annoyed. But Tales Of A Grass Widow is missing the ego of past albums. Rather than attempting to mock or challenge the listener, CocoRosie seem content to merely satiate him.
Musically speaking, the album is impressive, or at least determined to succeed. It’s a confusing mix of the celestial and the decaying. But confusion is where CocoRosie are most comfortable. They record albums in bathrooms, sing like they’re still struggling through a speech class, and make noise with anything in their immediate vicinity. Take the album’s opening track, “After The Afterlife.” The song splits open with speaker-shifting spacy buzzing followed by an angelic chorus of “Welcome to the afterlife” repeated until you feel like you’ve just parted a curtain of stars leading to God’s bathroom. Then, as things often happen when CocoRosie are in charge, things get a little darker. A pulsing beat collapses on the melody and the angelic voices are replaced by Bianca’s desolate croon and a drunk-sounding piano.