Conceptual Physics (11th Ed)
by Paul G. Hewitt
Addison-Wesley | September 2011 | ISBN-10: 0321776720 | DJVU | 816 pages | 72 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Conceptual-Physics-MasteringPhysics-Package-Edition/dp/0321776720

Since defining this course 30 years ago, Paul Hewitt’s best-selling text continues to be the benchmark book that two-thirds of professors use and by which all others are judged. In Conceptual Physics with MasteringPhysics®, 11/e  Paul Hewitt shows how a compelling text and the most advanced media can be integrated to empower professors as they bring physics to life for non-science majors, both in and out of class. For the Eleventh Edition , Hewitt helps students connect physics to their everyday experiences and the world around them, and provides additional help on solving mathematical problems.
Hewitt’s text is famous for engaging students with analogies and imagery from real-world situations that build a strong conceptual understanding of physical principles ranging from classical mechanics to modern physics. With this strong foundation, students are better equipped to understand the equations and formulas of physics, and are motivated to explore the thought-provoking exercises and fun projects in each chapter. The new edition features a fresh new design, content that is more focused on physics applications, updated pedagogical features, and access to MasteringPhysics.  

About the Author
Former silver-medal boxing champion, sign painter, uranium prospector, and soldier, Paul G. Hewitt began college at the age of 27, with the help of the GI Bill. He pioneered the conceptual approach to teaching physics at the City College of San Francisco. He has taught as a guest teacher at various middle schools and high schools, the University of California at both the Berkeley and Santa Cruz campuses, and the University of Hawaii at both the Manoa and Hilo campuses. He also taught for 20 years at the Exploratorium in San Francisco, which honored him with its Outstanding Educator Award in 2000. He is the author of Conceptual Physics and a co-author of Conceptual Physical Science and Conceptual Physical Science Explorations (with John and Leslie).

Table of Contents
1. About Science 
I. MECHANICS
2. Newton’s First Law of Motion: Inertia 3. Linear Motion 4. Newton’s Second Law of Motion: Force and Acceleration 5. Newton’s Third Law of Motion: Action and Reaction  6. Momentum 7. Energy 8. Rotational Motion 9. Gravity 10. Projectile and Satellite Motion
II. PROPERTIES OF MATTER
11. Atomic Nature of Matter 12. Solids 13. Liquids 14. Gases and Plasmas
III. HEAT
15. Temperature, Heat and Expansion 16. Heat Transfer 17. Change of Phase 18. Thermodynamics
IV. SOUND
19. Vibrations and Waves 20. Sound 21. Musical Sounds
V. ELECTRICITY AND MAGNETISM
22. Electrostatics 23. Electric Current 24. Magnetism 25. Electromagnetic Induction
VI. LIGHT
26. Properties of Light 27. Color 28. Reflection and Refraction 29. Light Waves 30. Light Emission 31. Light Quanta
VII. ATOMIC AND NUCLEAR PHYSICS
32. The Atom and the Quantum 33. Atomic Nucleus and Radioactivity 34. Nuclear Fission and Fusion
VIII. RELATIVITY
35. Special Theory of Relativity 36. General Theory of Relativity
Appendices
A. Systems of Measurement B. More About Motion C. Graphing D. More About Vectors E. Exponential Growth and Doubling Time