Rekindling Romance For Dummies By Ruth K. Westheimer, Pierre A. Lehu
2000 | 335 Pages | ISBN: 0764553038 | EPUB 

In today’s world of instant gratification people have lost the knack for keeping romance alive. Rather than take the time to rekindle the flame that once burned so brightly, we let the fire die out, thinking we’ll find something more lasting with someone else. Often, the result is that we find ourselves repeating the same pattern over and over again or giving up on romance altogether. But true romance never really dies it only goes into hibernation, waiting for somebody to wake it up.
Are you bored with your relationship? Does your love life seem routine? Don’t throw in the towel! Let “Americas star sexologist” (TV Guide), Dr. Ruth Westheimer shows you how to inspire a romantic Renaissance in your relationship. With the help of self-exams and easy exercises, she shows you how to:

    Rate the romance in your relationship
    Renew respect and commitment
    Spice up your sex life
    Find time for Romance in everyday situations
    Plan a romantic getaway
    Full of straight-talk about real-life relationship issues and peppered with helpful and inspiring anecdotes from her years couples counseling, Rekindling Romance For Dummies helps you:
    Find the sources of stress in your relationship and address them constructively
    Discover the importance of communication in overcoming potential sore spots
    Understand the roles that conflict and mutual respect play in a successful relationship
    Use proven techniques for strengthening your relationship, including renewal ceremonies, romantic escapes, and more
    Overcome boredom and insecurity in the bedroom and supercharge your sex-life together, well into your golden years
    Work through common stresses that can afflict romance, including financial conflict, pregnancy, and childrearing
    Recognize how common medical problems can impact the state of your relationship and know when to seek professional help

Don’t let a good thing fade away. Let Dr. Ruth show you how to “embrace the art of romance” and keep the fire burning in your relationship.