
* Help the Penguin Jump to save his family in this Arctic adventure.
This paid version of Penguin Jump not contains third party advertisements.
Penguin Jump rescue their children from the evil octopus,
clever sea star fish and brutal angry sharks,
while avoiding obstacles and eating delicious fish!

Also beware of angry flying fish, sleeping seals and ice holes!
Jump, glide, race, run, skiing, slide, dodge as a ninja and fly through 3D Antarctica space.

Collect items and unlock special bonus levels
Very fun 3D ice racing game where you drive the penguin racing forward and
jump in different ways while catching as many fish as possible.
Simple touch & tilt controls(accelerometer) - everyone can play!
All you need to know is how to tilt.

The little penguin bird's wings are so tiny that it can't even fly.
It's your job to guide the little penguin to blast off an epic jump journey.
BTW, your child will love this simple gameplay, it's best for kids!
Level up your tilt skills - become faster and increase your agility!

The most addictive ice racing game!
Unlock new characters - choose your favorite!
Collect gold fish, discover hidden prizes and unlock exciting new fun levels!
What are you waiting for? Grab Penguin Jump and start mega jumping!

* Highlights

Regular updates with new features and upgrades!This is only the beginning of the epic saga!
2 game worlds - meteorite island + poachers island (pirates island coming soon)
40 ice racing levels, 160 ice levels of jumping fun
+10 experimental gameplay levels
Cool store with gadgets and power-ups
55 unique and 165 progressive achievements and objectives with bucks rewards system
Engaging scoring system that ensures youΓÇÖll keep coming back for more
30 unique collectibles - collect them and get mega bonus levels
Unlock and play as Robot Android and Panda Bear, with more characters to come!
Hilarious sound effects and a bumping sound track!
Fun and Colorful Graphics, innovative tilt physics gameplay, adorable characters
Realistic 3D effects like snow and water drops on the screen!
Penguin Jump incredibly dead simple gameplay and highly addictive.
Cute graphics optimized for hi-res display such as Samsung Galaxy S3 or Samsung Galaxy Note
Simple, interesting and fun for kids and their parents

* COOL CHARACTERS
Spitting ink octopus
Submerged sea stars
Sleeping seals
Flying fish
Ice subway tube
Angry sharks
Funny dolphins
Cute whale
Surfing sea turtle
New monsters and creatures will be available soon

This game has advertisements!

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playfree.penguinjump.paid
