A couple of days ago, Apple released the second update to its iOS 6.1 operating system, a piece of software that the company released at the end of January and which represented its first major update to iOS 6 which was released alongside the iPhone 5 back at the end of September. After spending several days with an iPhone 5 equipped with the latest update, itΓÇÖs now time to take a final look at how iOS 6.1.2 performs on AppleΓÇÖs most current iPhone, the iPhone 4.
In late January, after weeks of waiting, iPhone, iPad and iPod touch owners were graced with their first major update to the iOS 6 operating system that Apple debuted in June at WWDC and released several months later in the fall of 2012. While there had been incremental bug fixes in between, as is customary for Apple, iOS 6.1 represented the first update that actually brought along some new features
However, as many owners also learned, the update also brought along several menacing bugs that made lives miserable for those that installed the update.

iPhone 4S owners who installed the update were kindly greeted with 3G connectivity issue that Apple quickly fixed with its first iOS 6.1 update, iOS 6.1.1, which was an update that the company had to rush out in order to quell the issue. This 3G bug was not the only major issue that arrived with iOS 6.1 though.

In addition to it, owners of the iPhone and iPad were also greeted with an Exchange issue within the calendar that caused increased network activity leading to abnormal battery drain. Those who have an Exchange email on their iPhone, a group that includes workers at small and large businesses, likely encountered the issue.

Like it did with the 3G connectivity issues, Apple move quickly to solve the Exchange bug. On Tuesday, the company issued the second update to iOS 6.1 since January in the form of iOS 6.1.2.

And while the update was aimed at solving the Exchange issue, as many iPhone and iPad owners know, these updates can sometimes bring about instability or other issues.

We already offered our first impressions of the iOS 6.1.2 update on the iPhone 5 and now, itΓÇÖs time to take a final look at the iOS 6.1.2 update on the iPhone 4 and whether or not itΓÇÖs worth installing.