---NORTON ANTIVIRUS 2013--- WHAT CAN IT DO?

*BENEFITS*

Say goodbye to viruses
It's okay to blink, because we never do – SONAR technology and live 24x7 Threat Monitoring watch over your PC for any suspicious behavior to quickly identify threats.
Download away – we scan the files you download and eliminate online threats that we find.
Deep clean your PC – our powerful Threat-Removal Layer targets and scrubs out aggressive, hard-to-remove infections that less sophisticated products often miss.
Harness global power – only Norton™ can bring you the ultra-fast Network Defense Layer to block a multitude of threats before they can even touch your PC.
Protection from the future, available today – our exclusive reputation and behavior antivirus technology are so advanced that they can stop online threats that bad guys haven't even created yet.
Keep out trespassers – Browser Protection blocks unsafe websites that secretly download software that can steal personal information or take over your PC.
Shop, surf and visit social networks without worry
It's easy to stumble into the wrong part of the web – we block "phishing" websites set up to trick you into leaking your passwords, credit card numbers or worse.links are tempting – now you don't need to worry if aNews Feed contains dangerous downloads or fraudulent links.
Protects your identity by securely storing and automatically entering your user names and passwords.

*NEW IN VERSION 2013*


EXCLUSIVE
Norton™ Protection System – Our 5 patented layers of protection detect and eliminate threats more quickly and accurately than other technologies.
Browser Protection – Proactively protects you by checking for and blocking online threats as your browser loads, to stop online threats before they can do damage.
IMPROVED
SONAR Behavioral Protection & Live 24x7 Threat Monitoring – Stays ahead of, detects and eliminates threats that haven’t been invented yet by watching your PC for suspicious activity.
NEW
Threat-removal Layer – Targets and eliminates hard-to-remove threats less sophisticated products often miss.
EXCLUSIVE
Insight – Improves performance by identifying safe files and only scanning unknown files.
Download Insight 2.0 – Protects you from dangerous applications before you install them by telling you if they are harmful or unstable.
NEW
Always up-to-date Product Version – Norton™ automatically sends you important product and feature updates throughout the year. The latest version installs without you needing to do anything.

*VIRUS SCAN OF TRIAL RESET/CRACK* - http://scan4you.net/result.php?id=784b5_51cnlj

**INSTURCTIONS HOW TO INSTALL**

1. Restart your computer and run the NTR and choose  Purge Norton.
2. Install norton using setup file.
3. Go to options - &gt; Disable  Norton Product Tamper Protection 
4. Don't let norton update itself, click stop.
5. Choose A)Normal Reset to RESET your norton to its default trial days
or B) Reset it to 180 days trial
6. Well done!

IF YOU HAVE ANY PROBLEMS FEEL FREE TO ASK ME!

