Artist: Woody Guthrie
Release: Dust Bowl Ballads
Discogs: 1236755
Released: 1964 / 2000-11-07
Label: Folkways Records / Buddha Records
Catalog#: FH 5212 / 74465 99724 2
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD, Remastered
Country: US
Style: Folk, World, & Country, Folk

Tracklisting:

01. The Great Dust Storm (Dust Storm Disaster)
02. Talking Dust Bowl Blues
03. Pretty Boy Floyd
04. Dusty Old Dust (So Long It's Been Good To Know Yuh)
05. Dust Bowl Blues
06. Blowin' Down The Road (I Ain't Gonna To Be Treated This Way)
07. Tom Joad (Part 1)
08. Tom Joad (Part 2)
09. Do Re Mi
10. Dust Bowl Refugee
11. I Ain't Got No Home
12. Vigilante Man
13. Dust Can't Kill Me
14. Dust Pneumonia Blues
15. Talkin' Dust Bowl Blues (Alternate Take)

Woody Guthrie’s Dust Bowl Ballads were first issued as two 78 rpm records in 1940 before eventually being compiled on LP format during the 1960’s, when a new generation of musicians such as Bob Dylan took inspiration from his music. Accompanied by just an acoustic guitar and some occasional harmonica, his sparse, elegiac songs depict the hardship endured by inhabitants of the American prairies when enormous dust storms swept throughout the region, rendering the land infertile and causing a mass exodus of more than two million people. Guthrie had firsthand experience of the issues he sang about and infuses these songs with stark, chilling imagery that belies the often peppy musical backing, such as opener “The Great Dust Storm (Dust Storm Disaster)”s observation of “our relatives huddled into their oil boom shacks/and the children they was crying/as it whistled through the cracks”. Elsewhere he describes the frequently unhappy fates of those that fled to California, as inferred in “Dough Re Mi”s warning that prospective migrants would be better served to “stay right where you are”. Despite the grim subject matter, a vein of optimism pervades throughout, most notably on “Dust Can’t Kill Me”, whose narrator remains defiant despite suffering a multitude of ignominies and tragedies.

Part folk record/travelogue/oral history, many of the songs on Dust Bowl Ballads have since become folk standards and their themes of poverty, inequality and economic depression are just as relevant today as they were seventy years ago. Anyone with even a passing interest in classic American folk music should pick this one up.
 
http://dickthespic.org/