  The Rolling Stones 24 Bit Vinyl Pack

  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Album Rock, British Invasion, Hard Rock, Psychedelic
  Source: Vinyl
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rates: 2,800 - 3,000 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz
  
  1967 Between the Buttons
  1967 Their Satantic Majesties Request
  1968 Beggars Banquet
  1969 Let It Bleed (UK)
  1969 Let It Bleed (Japan)
  1971 Sticky Fingers
  1972 Exile on Main St.
  1976 Black and Blue
  1978 Some Girls
  1978 Some Girls Live in Texas '78
  1981 Tattoo You

  By the time The Rolling Stones began calling themselves the World's Greatest Rock & Roll Band in the late '60s, they had already staked out an impressive claim on the title. As the self-consciously dangerous alternative to the bouncy Merseybeat of the Beatles in the British Invasion, The Stones had pioneered the gritty, hard-driving blues-based rock & roll that came to define hard rock. With his preening machismo and latent maliciousness, Mick Jagger became the prototypical rock frontman, tempering his macho showmanship with a detached, campy irony while Keith Richards and Brian Jones wrote the blueprint for sinewy, interlocking rhythm guitars. Backed by the strong yet subtly swinging rhythm section of bassist Bill Wyman and drummer Charlie Watts, The Stones became the breakout band of the British blues scene, eclipsing such contemporaries as the Animals and Them. 

  Over the course of their career, The Stones never really abandoned blues, but as soon as they reached popularity in the U.K., they began experimenting musically, incorporating the British pop of contemporaries like the Beatles, Kinks, and Who into their sound. After a brief dalliance with psychedelia, The Stones re-emerged in the late '60s as a jaded, blues-soaked hard rock quintet. The Stones always flirted with the seedy side of rock & roll, but as the hippie dream began to break apart, they exposed and reveled in the new rock culture. It wasn't without difficulty, of course. Shortly after he was fired from the group, Jones was found dead in a swimming pool, while at a 1969 free concert at Altamont, a concertgoer was brutally killed during The Stones' show. But The Stones never stopped going. For the next 30 years, they continued to record and perform, and while their records weren't always blockbusters, they were never less than the most visible band of their era -- certainly, none of their British peers continued to be as popular or productive as The Stones. And no band since has proven to have such a broad fan base or far-reaching popularity, and it is impossible to hear any of the groups that followed them without detecting some sort of influence, whether it was musical or aesthetic.