Shashi Godbole (Sridevi) is a middle-aged Maharashtrian housewife who loves cooking and as a hobby makes and sells laddoos, which she considers to be a small business. She is a dedicated homemaker who is taken for granted by her husband, Satish(Adil Hussain) and daughter, Sapna and is ridiculed by them for her poor English. However, her young son Sagar loves her as she is. There are frequent instances when Sapna and Satish make fun of her weak English but they never try to console her or help her. This makes a deep impact in Shashi's emotions and makes her feel bad about herself.

Shashi's sister, who lives in New York, invites Shashi's family for her daughter's wedding. It is decided that Shashi will go to New York alone to help her sister set up everything for the marriage. Her husband and kids will join her later when the wedding closes in. While Shashi is in New York, Shashi becomes embarrassed when her lack of English causes chaos at a local coffee shop so she secretly enrolls herself into a conversational English class that promises to teach the language in four weeks. The class comprises a Mexican nanny, a Pakistani cab driver, a Chinese hairstylist, a Tamil software engineer, a quiet young African man, and a soft-spoken French chef named Laurent (Mehdi Nebbou). Shashi quickly emerges as amongst the most promising and committed students in her class. In midst of all this, Laurent becomes attracted to Shashi. Shashi is respected by everyone in the class for her charming behavior and her gifted capability of cooking delicious dishes. This makes Shashi start finding confidence in herself.

Meanwhile, Shashi's niece Radha (Priya Anand) finds out about her secret English classes and supports and helps her in her literary pursuit. Shashi starts watching English films at night and doing her homework religiously. To complete the English speaking course each of the students must take a final test, as announced by her teacher David Fischer. The test is a 5 minute speech that each student should prepare and deliver which will be judged by the tutor who will then issue the certificate. Shashi's family joins her in New York earlier than expected, as a surprise. At first Shashi tries to attend class, but when this becomes impossible because of her family duties, she asks Radha to tell the teacher she's quitting. Furthermore, the test date coincides with the wedding date so she misses the test.

Shashi's niece invites her English teacher and all her friends at the English speaking class to the wedding. At the wedding, Shashi gives a heart-touching and enlighting speech (in English), more of a toast to the couple at the wedding and stuns everyone who knew Shashi as a "typical conservative Indian woman". In the speech Shashi tells the importance of having a beautiful family and the roles required to be played by all the members of the family. She focuses on the fact that family should be the one which always gives respect to each other and never laugh at one's weaknesses. The English tutor, who is present amongst the guests, declares that she has passed the test with distinction and issues her the certificate. Shashi's husband and daughter finally realize their mistake of mocking her lack of proficiency in English and taking her for granted. Shashi thanks Laurent for "making her feel better about herself". The movie ends with Shashi's family returning to India. On the flight Shashi requests (in fluent English) if the stewardess has any Hindi newspapers.
"ENJOY"