This is David Max Eichhorn's informative book Evangelizing the American Jew - A Rare Glimpse Into the Politics, Personalities and Problems of the Missionary Novement in North America (1978) which tells the story of Christian attempts to convert the Jews of the United States and Canada. Trying to change Jews into Christians, by fair means or foul, was a major activity of the Christian Church from the time it was declared the official religion of the Roman Empire in 325 C.E. But it was not until the latter half of the seventeenth century that Christian missionary societies, specifically designed to save Jewish souls, came into being - a type of approach that became, for traditional Christians, the norm in handling "the Jewish problem". The author describes the great and often dramatic effort to persuade the Jews of North America to become Christians. Like all history, it has its heroes and its villains, its moments of idealism, and ugliness, and humor. His presentation is the result of a lifelong study of conversion and intermarriage, especially the conversion of non-Jews to Judaism, of Jews to Christianity, and of Christian-Jewish marriages. It does not include within its scope an analysis of those conversions that have come about as a direct result of intermarriage or because of a desire to gain social or economic advantage. It does not deal with those American Jews who have quietly passed into Christianity without outwardly displaying symptoms of a genuine change in their religious convictions. Nor does this study concern itself with Jews who, after being converted to Christianity in other parts of the world, came to the United States or Canada, lived normal Christian lives, and made no attempt to convert Jews to Christianity. Evangelizing the American Jew is thus limited to a consideration of the activities of those non-Jewish and born-Jewish Christians who have made definite efforts to draw into the Christian fold the Jews of the United States and Canada - and the tangible results of those efforts. Fully aware of the delicate nature of his task, the author has endeavored not only to remain within the clearly defined limits of his field of study, but also to write in a manner thoroughly critical yet as objective as his rabbinic convictions and the frailties of human nature permit. 205 pages. A must read for everyone.
