This short 3-part series looks at the impact of maps and map-making, and the extraordinary lengths people would go to to gather information for making maps. Like most television documentary series of recent times, the episodes are a mixture of voice-over narration, talking-head experts and re-enactments by actors (who do not speak).

    This is a well-researched series and is quite well put together, but it seems to me to only scratch the surface of the topics. Paradoxically, I often had the impression that much of what I was seeing was padding to get the episodes to the required running time, which is almost exactly the same for each episode. I would have liked more detail and less of an attempt to make the stories seem thrilling - each should be interesting enough in their own right to sustain a fifty minute program.

    The narration by Stephen Rashbrook is good, with no vocal mannerisms to distract the viewer from the content. The episodes are:
The Waldseemüller Map 1507 (49:59)

    This map was the first to include not just a representation of the New World as a continent, but also named it as America. The program looks at the nature of map- making of the early 16th century and the use of maps for navigation. It is suggested that Amerigo Vespucci, for whom the new continent was made, may have commissioned the map. This episode also details the eighty-year effort by the US to buy the map from the German aristocratic family that owned it.
The Mercator Atlas (50:00)

    This episode looks at the map of England created by the famous Flemish cartographer Gerard Mercator in the 16th century. This map was only rediscovered in a shop in Holland in 1967, and modern map historians consider that the map was made in preparation for an invasion of England by France which never came. The program looks at the map-making of Henry VIII and the intrigues involving spies, including the Scotsman John Elder, on whose information the Mercator map seems to have been based. This episode seems to me to be the most stretched and padded out of the series, with some material included that is only peripheral (such as the tale of the American map thief), and could easily have been confined to a half-hour running time.
The D-Day Invasion Maps (50:00)

    In order to invade France, the Allies needed detailed maps of the coastline. Such maps did not exist, so they had to be created. This involved not only aerial reconnaissance but also dangerous work on the ground by Resistance workers. The level of detail required was extraordinary, so the preparation of these maps was one of the great intelligence feats of modern times. 

Hard subs for non-English parts
DVD Rip 2007
