How I Go: Kenny Wayne Shepard Band

The new album’s lead single, “Never Lookin’ Back,” sets the tone for the record by drawing on the mojo from his early material— but you’ll notice there’s a playful irony at work as Shepherd also looks back, musically, at other great artists from the past: Its opening riffs are an obvious homage to Keef, the driving rhythm pays respect to Billy Gibbons, and the nods to Stevie Ray Vaughan are plentiful, including a few quoted licks from “Tightrope.” Guitarists will enjoy Shepherd’s carefully crafted formula of showing his reverence for the great players and styles that came before him while also employing the approach that put him on the map. His cover of the Beatles’ “Yer Blues” puts to good use the woodshedding he did to pay homage to Jimi on the most recent Experience Hendrix tour. It fuses “Hey Joe”-ish elements with the “When the Levee Breaks”-type groove that undergirds some of his best soloing on the album. His supercharged tone on that track is to die for. Kenny Wayne Shepherd's How I Go not only serves as a strong reminder of the chops that caused Guitar World to place him right behind B.B. King and Eric Clapton on their list of blues guitarists, but it's the strongest indication yet of his gifted songwriting talent. The album pairs Kenny's deeply soulful and impassioned takes on classic material like Bessie Smith's "Blackwater Blues," Albert King's "Oh, Pretty Woman" and The Beatles "Yer Blues" alongside the strongest writing and co-writing of his career thus far. 
The hard-rocking, blues-based, guitar-driven album sounds young, it sounds fresh. Yet it has that distinctive energy and vibe drawn from the deep heritage of the genre. Kenny Wayne Shepherd is growing as a songwriter, musician and producer. 


Track List:

1. Never Lookin' Back 
2. Come On Over 
3. Yer Blues 
4. Show Me The Way Back Home 
5. Cold 
6. Oh, Pretty Woman 
7. Anywhere The Wind Blows 
8. Dark Side Of Love 
9. Heat Of The Sun 
10. The Wire 
11. Who's Gonna Catch You Now 
12. Backwater Blues 
13. Strut 


Mono/Stereo: Stereo
Discs: 1
Producer: Jerry Harrison; Kenny Wayne Shepherd
Engineer: Eric "E.T." Thorngren; Tom Lipsky
Studio/Live: Studio