    genre    simulation / combat / modern
    download size    131 MB
    release date    April 1, 1993
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
    languages    English
    developer / publisher    Origin Systems / Electronic Arts
    game modes    single-player

    Bonus content included :
    2 manuals
    reference card
    strategy guide
    avatar
    bibliography
    playtester's guide

    Strike Commander includes the original game, Strike Commander: Tactical Operations, and the expanded Speech Pack.
    Features Gauntlet mode: wave after wave of enemies.See how long you can survive!
    A powerful and gripping story set in an alternative future that didn't turn out quite as expected.

Overview:

Twenty-two years after the fall of the Soviet Union, the world has become embroiled in a series of conflicts centered around an ever-dwindling resource: oil. Mankind’s hopes for world peace lie battered and broken. Take command of Stern’s Wildcats, an elite squadron of mercs trying to fly straight in a world of deceit and violence. Engage rival merc squadrons, third world dictators, and the armies of the dreaded IRS. In a world gone mad, there’s plenty of room to fly, all that’s required is the cash.

Strike Commander puts you in the best place to witness fast-paced dogfighting action: the pilot’s seat. Fly high as you take on over 60 missions, each more challenging than the last in your top-of the-line F16 squadron piloted by the best crew in the business (operational success rate of 86%). Strike Commander is a classic flight combat sim where a pilot is only as good as his, or her, last flight. Fly to survive and survive to fly, in this modern-day action-oriented jet fighter combat simulation!

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: EVERYONE with Animated Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 9, 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.
ACCEPTANCE OF END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT REQUIRED TO PLAY

Install and Play.