The Godfather for XBox 360                               Rel. 09/19/2006


DVD9 NTSC-USA
Wave 1
English
Stealth Patched.


Discs:            1
Image:            .DVD/ISO
Genre.:           Action
Rating:           Mature
Requirements:     Modded or Flashed Drive (iXtreme or LT+)



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: Your xbox360 console must be Modded or drive flashed with Ixtreme
      to play any copy. It isn't recommended to play any game copy online 
      unless your using LT+. Even then you still run the risk of getting 
      banned so just be aware of that.



Game Description:

Set in post-WWII New York City, The Godfather: The Game follows the player-created character's rise through a crime syndicate based on the book and film franchises. Combining events from the movie with side-story missions, the player must earn respect by completing missions in territories controlled by New York's five crime families.

Largely open-ended, the game's story is driven by a series of missions where the player can use violence, intimidation, or diplomacy to affect the outcome and influence future events and other character's reactions. A third-person action game, The Godfather: The Game features a punching mechanism to brutally assert yourself, a car theft and driving engine, and a shooting system which allows for locational damage.

The game features a persistent offline world populated with locations from the franchise and characters who are often voiced by the actors who portrayed them onscreen.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.


If using DVD Decrypter make sure Layer Break (For DL Media) is at 1913760 user specified option. As DVD Decrypter 

doesn't recognize .DVD files.


If your new to the Xbox360 scene do some research online.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!				