MOVIE IMBD: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1198349/

CAST:Allu Arjun .... Krishna
Sheela .... Meena
Poonam Bajwa .... Subbalakshmi
Prakash Raj .... Neelakanta
Chitram Seenu .... Sreenu
Subbaraju .... Chinna Bhai
Bhaskar
Sunil
Ali
Prabhu.

PLOT:Neelakantam (Prakash Raj) is a village elder. He has two daughters Subbalakshmi (Poonam Bajwa) and Meenakshi (Sheela). The film begins with the elopement of Subbalakshmi with one Babu of the same village. The entire family of Neelakantam holes up the friends of Babu (Sunil, Srinivasa Reddy), on the presumption that they helped him. Krishna (Allu Arjun) is also caught by the men of Neelakantam.
Krishna makes an attempt to escape from the village but can not do so after having a look at a beautiful girl, who is none other than Meenakshi. However, he does not know that it is Neelakantam's younger child. Though the entire situation is quite charged, Krishna is on the look out of the girl to whom he loses his heart. Before the interval bang, the secret unravels. Neelakantam's brother realises that it was Krishna who helped Babu in taking away Subbalakshmi.
On being questioned, Krishna takes the entire gang to Hyderabad along with Meenakshi. He tries to impress her whenever, he gets an opportunity. During the search for the girl, an incident occurs and Neelakantam comes out in open and explains Krishna how a father of an eloped girl will be broken. This turns an eye-opener for Krishna, who decides to sacrifice his love. Soon, Neelakantam and his group find Subbalakshmi and her boyfriend. But she makes it very clear that she will be happy only with her boyfriend and dares her father not to try to separate them. In the end, Neelakantam comes to know that Meenakshi falls in love with Krishna. However, Krishna tells Neelakantam that he is against to separate him with his daughter. But Neelakantam realizes the value of love and unites the lovers and the film ends on a happy note.

= Release Info =-

Format:MKV
Total Size:1.17 GB
Runtime:02:45:51
Total bitrate:1039 Kbps
Source:720p bluray DDR
Encoder: PAVANace


-= Video Info =-

Format:x264/Mkv AVC High
Bitrate:939 kbps
Maximum bit rate:6.5 Mbps
Encoding:2 Pass
Resolution:1280 x 544
Quality Factor (QF):.32
Frame Rate:same as source
Display Aspect Ratio:2.35:1
Size:1.17 GB 

-= Audio Info =-

Type:AC3
Bitrate:48
Sample Rate:48K
Channels:2 channels:Front L R.

Subtitles:YES
Sample:YES.













PLZ guys comment and seed ........ EnJoY :) :) :), TY.