32bit Email Broadcaster

Turn your computer into a high speed emailer, and broadcast email newsletters and email messages to your clients in the background while you work on other things in the foreground, or while you go to the beach, go fishing, read a book, or just relax.
Imagine being able to sit down at your computer in the morning and use it just as you would on a regular day, knowing that an advanced emailer is broadcasting your newsletter in the background.

Now, this is a reality with 32bit Email Broadcaster.

Let me show you just how it works...

Install 32bit Email Broadcaster on your computer and it will use your Internet connection to broadcast email in the background while you are working on other projects.
Start your office toward an edge in productivity. Become one of the well equipped workplaces of the future. Do it today!

Why Do You Need 32bit Email Broadcaster?

Many servers, such as Hotmail and AOL block any email that has several email addresses in the CC or BCC fields or because they are not sent directly to the addressee. They also block you if you send too many emails. For this reason, you need a professional email broadcasting program, such as 32bit Email Broadcaster.
If your SMTP email server limits the speed and/or number of emails per session, this new version has a workaround for you. Now, it will send email up to 100 times faster. Some people have reported going from sending one email every 2 seconds to sending over 100 emails per second.
32bit Email Broadcaster is now multi-threaded. This means that you can give it one message and say 1,000,000 email addresses and it will [rapid-fire] 32 emails simultaneously until the message has been sent to all 1,000,000 email addresses in a very short time. Each message is sent with no CC header.
You will be amazed at the speed!
When you broadcast a batch of email with 32bit Email Broadcaster, you will not have extra CC headers added to your message.
You can send HTML formatted email messages and file attachments too.
You have the ability to create and select as many project profiles as you want to.

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.electrasoft.com/32be.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program, during installation use given name/email.
- Run application, register with given password .
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.