Cut the crap, First i write what i want to say this is the latest version of Swiftkey which is fucking paid app, this versions basically enables new languages like URDU, HINDI and all, you can see in fucking descriptioni. And yes motherfuckers, its real, why the hell i sign in and waste my time uploading fake stuff and still you doun't just give it a fucking try, what else i say as it is only 5MB or something, Cheers and fuck bitches.
Regards
Anurag,
Twitter handle- @fivepm


Get SwiftKey 3 – the best keyboard on Android!
#1 selling app in 38 countries - over 1 ½ million sold
60,000 5✮ reviews
Multiple award-winner, including “Most Innovative Mobile App”
Don’t miss out – get SwiftKey today
✮ Webby Awards People’s Voice Winner for Innovation, 2012 ✮
✮ Mobile World Congress Award Winner for Innovation, 2012 ✮
Meet the world’s smartest touchscreen keyboard for Android.
SwiftKey 3 understands how words work together, giving much more accurate corrections and predictions than other keyboards. Very sloppy typing will magically make sense, even if you miss spaces, and SwiftKey 3 also predicts your next words.
SwiftKey 3 learns the words and phrases you use, and how you interact with your keyboard as you use it, to make typing easier and even more accurate over time. You can also personalize it using your Gmail, Facebook, Twitter or blog posts.
SwiftKey is among Android's best selling apps for a reason -- it transforms your keyboard, making typing a breeze and saving you hassle every day.

FULL LANGUAGE SUPPORT:
English (US)
English (UK)
English (AU)
Afrikaans
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Bulgarian
Catalan
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Estonian
Finnish
French (CA)
French (FR)
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hinglish
Hungarian
Icelandic
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Kazakh
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Macedonian
Malay
Norwegian
Persian (Farsi)
Polish
Portuguese (BR)
Portuguese (PT)
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish (ES)
Spanish (US)
Spanish (LA)
Swedish
Tagalog
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
~~~
See our FAQ, support and ideas forum at http://support.swiftkey.net/
We take your privacy very seriously. This app does not learn from password fields and all language data learned on your device is stored on your SD card and never transferred.
Internet connection permission is required to install this app, so that language module files and cloud personalization data can be downloaded.
Use of this app is subject to our robust privacy policy, which is there to protect your rights and privacy. Read it in full at http://www.swiftkey.net/privacy