Foxit PhantomPDF Business Edition

We all need to create professional looking PDF documents and forms for tasks such as developing personal documents, implementing workgroup collaboration, designing company forms, producing company collateral, finalizing agreements, applying digital signatures, or document archiving. Award winning Foxit PhantomPDF™ provides the right features at the right price, allowing you to produce great looking PDF document and forms quickly, affordably, and securely. Foxit PhantomPDF is the perfect solution for home/home offices, small and medium sized businesses, and large enterprises. Foxit PhantomPDF comes in three versions to fit the diverse use cases that different users require.
Robust for the needs of businesses, Foxit PhantomPDF Business expands upon PhantomPDF Standard by providing the security that helps companies meet regulatory compliance and corporate governance for their important documents and archives and to ensure documents don't change after they are approved. You can extend the usage control benefits of Microsoft Windows Server® Active Directory® Rights Management Service to all your PDF documents; allowing author control of document features within each PDF, where you can certify documents and set permitted actions after certifying.

The PDF Solution Alternative That Businesses Are Looking For

Many businesses need more than just PDF creation and editing. They need security that ensures regulatory compliance and corporate governance of their important documents and archives and to ensure documents don't change after they are approved. It is essential to have a robust PDF solution that stands up to the demands of large enterprises but lightweight enough to easily deploy to thousands of users without exhausting resources. These businesses require Foxit PhantomPDF Business; it supports the right features at the right price with the quality and support you expect from an enterprise solution.

Business Ready PDF – Robust and Secure

Foxit PhantomPDF Business builds upon the capabilities of PhantomPDF Standard and PhantomPDF Express. It enables quick and easy creation of professional looking PDF documents, highlighting and annotation capabilities, advanced editing capabilities, and high end security to safeguard sensitive information.

Highlighted features of PhantomPDF Business include:

XFA Form Filling - XFA (XML Form Architecture) form allows you to leverage existing XFA forms.
High Performance - Up to 3 times faster PDF creation from over 200 of the most common office file types and convert multiple files to PDF in a single operation.
One Click PDF Creation - Create PDF document with a single mouse click from Microsoft® Office® applications like Word, PowerPoint®, and Excel®.
Advanced PDF Editor – Allows you to modify any page contents in any PDF documents, select, insert, change, remove, rotate, copy and paste text, images, graphics and shadings.
Robust Document Security - Using password protection, certificate encryption, and digital signature tools.
Redaction - Lets you permanently remove (redact) visible text and images from PDF documents.
Document Certification - Indicates you approve of its content and allows you to specify the types of changes that are permitted for the PDF to remain certified.
Microsoft® Active Directory® RMS Protector and Policy Manager - Extends the usage control benefits of Microsoft Windows Server® Active Directory Rights Management Service to all your PDF documents and allows the author the control of document features within each PDF.
Form Design - Easy to use electronic forms design tools to make your office forms work harder. Enables you to create or convert static PDF files into professional looking forms. Form data import tools allow data to be automatically imported into a form reducing manual key entering and input errors.
Form Action Creation - Tools allow you to custom JavaScript actions to gain increased customization options, you can connect to a database for the purpose of inserting new data, updating information, and deleting database entries.
Optical Character Recognition - OCR support to make scanned or image-based PDFs selectable and searchable.
PDF/A Validation - Verify that the document is compliant with PDF/A-1a or PDF/A-1b for long term archiving.
PDF Optimizer - Optimize PDF document to reduce the file size.
High Compression of scanned documents.
Email and Phone Support - help when you need it.

System Requirements

Operating Systems

•Microsoft Windows® XP Home, Professional, or Tablet PC Edition with Service Pack 2 or 3 (32-bit & 64-bit).
•Windows Vista Home Basic, Home Premium, Business, Ultimate, or Enterprise with or without Service Pack 1 (32-bit & 64-bit).
•Windows 7 (32-bit & 64-bit).
•Microsoft Office® 2000 or later version (required for some PDF creation features).
•For users utilizing the Active Directory Rights Management Service and SharePoint integration capability, Windows 7 or Windows Vista with Service Pack2 (SP2) is required

Recommended Minimum Hardware for Better Performance

•1.3 GHz or faster processor.
•512 MB RAM (Recommended: 1 GB RAM or greater).
•700 MB of available hard drive space.
•1024*768 screen resolution.

Homepage:http://www.foxitsoftware.com/Secure_PDF_Security/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Copy "fmpkey.txt" file and paste into default installation directory,
3. Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.