 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://beeimg.com/images/v86922352541.jpeg

WonderFox Video Watermark 1.2 Final - SceneDL

WonderFox Video Watermark focus on protecting and watermarking your video file. Did you worried your video will be unauthorized using and sharing, When people watching your video, do you want to let viewers know the video's source? You may need to add identity and ownership information to your video, ensure that viewers know the source.

WonderFox Video Watermark can help you to do that. Video Watermark allows you to embed text, image, logo, sign (include animated) to your video in batch mode. Video Watermark has simple operation, friendly interface and high speed process, so the processing of watermarking becomes very easy and fast. You can finish it with few clicks,and you do not need waiting long time, it is an excellent solution to protect and annotate your video.

Secure Protection with Text, Image and Shape

Usually watermark contains text watermark, image watermark and shape watermark. Text watermark is your name, signature or any words that you can make some text effect on it. Image watermark is the most widely used way of watermark, such as your logo, avatar, company logo, etc. The shape watermark is geometry shape like arrow, curve, rectangle, ellipse, etc. 

WonderFox Video Watermark let you put your watermark on your video, the watermark will protect your video when the visitor browsing or downloading your video. I suggest make watermark on it if you share video on internet.

Dynamic watermark based on the time line

WonderFox Video Watermark allow you make dynamic watermark on your video, the time editing a simple way to set animation.

For example: Set a key point on third second and set the opacity=100% , then set another key on eighth second and set the opaticy=0%, you will see the watermark gradually disappearing from third second to eighth second.

You can make many dynamic effect of watermark by the time line, such as scrolling subtitle, revolving icon, every dynamics effects of you want...

Video Conversion

WonderFox Video Watermark support conveting between two popular videos, includes AVI, MPG, MP4, WMV, MKV, MOV, RM, 3GP, FLV, SWF, VCD and DVD, also support converting HD video.

Flexible parameter settings - The default value is suitable parameter for each format, you can also change any parameters for your needs.

Video Effects

Some useful video effects are available such as Old Film, Mosaic, Blur, etc

Fast Watermarking Process - Batch Mode 

WonderFox Video Watermark provide batch mode for watermarking your videos this feature will save 90% of the time for adding watermrk to lot of videos.

Home Page - http://www.videoconverterfactory.com/video-watermark/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Do Not Launch The App
3] Copy Content from Crack Folder to Install Directory
4] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL