The axiom that good pitching and timely hitting will win you a World Series title has been around as long as the Fall Classic. But few teams ever proved that theory better than the World Series Champions, the San Francisco Giants. Riding the wave of an impossibly young and talented starting rotation, a light-out closer and crucial hits from a self-proclaimed band of castoffs and misfits, the Giants silenced the powerful Texas Rangers in five games to capture their sixth World Series title and first since moving to the City by the Bay in 1958.
Languishing in fourth place the first week of July - just a game better than .500 - the Giants staged a great second-half run, winning the National League West Division on the final day of the season befor blowing past both the Atlanta Braves and the Philadelphia Phillies to reach the Fall Classic. Key in-season additions Cody Ross and Pat Burrell fueled the offense and nicely complemented seasoned vets like Juan Uribe, Aubrey Huff and World Series MVP Edgar Renteria. But there`s no doubt that it was the Giants` pitching staff - guided by the deft hand of talented rookie catcher Buster Posey - that stole the show. Matt Cain did nit allow a run in 21.1 brilliant innings of postseason play. Twenty-one-year-old Madison Bumgarner defied his age with a cold-as-ice perfomance to win Game 4 on the road. And two-time Cy Young Award winner Tim Lincecum twice bested Cliff Lee, including a stellar perfomance in the clinching Game 5 showdown. With the unflappable Brian Wilson always there to close things out, the Giants` pitching staff held the powerful Texas offence to a meager .190 batting average.

Bonus footage includes:
This Week In Baseball: Buster Posey
Giants Clinch NL West Division: FinalOut
NLDS Game 5: Last Out
NLCS Game 1: Cody Ross HRs
NLCS Game 6: Juan Uribe HR
NLCS Game 6: Last Out
World Series Game 1: Juan Uribe HR
World Series Game 2: Edgar Renteria HR
World Series Game 4: Freddy Sanchez Defensive plays
World Series Game 5: Lincecum strikeouts
World Series Game 5: Edgar Renteria HR
World Series Game 1: Final Out And Celebration
World Series Parade



Video format: 720x480 @ 29,97fps MPEG video ver. 2

Audio format: 6 channels AC3


Credit: Jiaree