
New Age Vocal. Contemporary sacred songs celebrating divine love and the truth of who we are. 
 
http://www.kirtana.com/

1 -	Be Free
2 -	Why the Sufis Whirl
3 -	I Am
4 -	My Heart
5 -	Blessed Life
6 -	Who You Really Are
7 -	Living Truth
8 -	Rivers Run
9 -	This Embrace
10 -	If I Could Give You Anything
11 -	Going, Going, Gone
12 -	I Am (Reprise)


"For those seeking spiritual fulfillment, "This Embrace" is not to be missed."
-- Bette Timm, NAPRA


"A brilliant poet, marvelous songwriter, and lovely guitarist, Kirtana's albums have become more magical with each release.  I've called her a Rumi of our time, and if you give yourself a chance to listen carefully to This Embrace, I'm confident you'll see why.

Guest artists joining her on this transcendent album include Alex de Grassi (guitar), Spencer Brewer (piano), Matt Eakle of The David Grisman Quintet (flute) and Dennis Murphy of Acoustic Alchemy (bass).  A most special guest is Gangaji, an awakened soul who offers satsang around the world.

For lovers of New Age vocal music, it doesn't get any better than "This Embrace."
-- Steve Ryals, New Age Retailer

"Kirtana is an artist of many mediums; her angelic voice and brilliant musical compositions are matched by her gifts as both poet and songwriter. Her ability to bring together other talented musicians to support her musical skills is also laudable: Hilary Stagg on harp, Alex de Grassi on guitar, and Spencer Brewer on piano, are but a few who join her on "This Embrace." 

Yet perhaps Kirtana's most impressive feat is her ability to weave these diverse elements and talents together while remaining true to the spiritual core of the album. Kirtana's lyrics speak of spirituality, from the light and playful to the sublime, with delicate passion. Her voice, as it plays with the instruments, is never demanding but always an inviting focal point in every song. The sincerity of "This Embrace" is further enhanced through vocals by Gangaji, a well-known spiritual teacher. 


