#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-21-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Gregory Little, Michael Horn

In the first half, author and researcher Greg Little talked about the passing of Edgar Evans Cayce (the son of 'sleeping prophet' Edgar Cayce), as well as Cayce's predictions and writings about Atlantis. Edgar Evans recently passed away at the age of 95. Growing up, he didn't take much interest in his father's psychic abilities, though he did become an engineer based on one of his father's readings. In later years, Edgar Evans became active in the Association for Research and Enlightenment (A.R.E.), the organization founded by his father. While Cayce's health readings have been called stunningly accurate, Edgar Evans wrote a book called The Outer Limits of Edgar Cayce's Power, which included his father's predictions that had not yet come to pass.

According to Edgar Cayce, the civilization of Atlantis dated back some 200,000 years, and was an island empire spread across the Atlantic ocean, from Spain to the Bahamas. He talked about the Atlanteans using specialized crystals that took light from the sun, and focused it into a beam to generate electricity, and other types of power. Cayce said that Atlantis underwent three periods of destruction, with the most recent possibly around 10,000 BC, when comet fragments lead to a tsunami that caused the main part of the island to sink into the ocean, Little recounted. He also shared that Cayce was in correspondence with both Tesla and Edison. Tesla told Cayce that he had a similar trance ability to his, where inventions would be shown to him in a vision, while Edison discussed his interest in building a machine to communicate with the dead.

--------------------------------------

In the latter half, Michael Horn, spokesperson for famed UFO contactee Billy Meier, gave updates in the case, and talked about the confirmation of messages imparted to Meier via the Plejarans (the ET species he's been in communication with). Meier, now 76 years old, had his first contacts from the ages of 5 -11, and was tutored by a male ET, who took him many places, including off-planet, Horn detailed. Meier made an intriguing pronouncement in 1982 that Earth had just narrowly avoided a planetary invasion. A planetary system with some 16 billion people was seeking new planets to occupy and had selected Earth. "The Plejarans along with two other groups they are associated with negotiated these people into another location," said Horn, who added that we are not faced with current threats from ETs, though there are three different groups here to observe us, and sometimes their spacecraft are seen in the skies.

According to Horn, Meier was one of the first to warn about global warming and climate change in his writings from as far back as 1951. In 1982, he described touchscreen three-dimensional technology, which he saw "when he was watching a planetary alignment from a spaceship," Horn continued. He also revealed that the Plejarans told Meier that the Fukushima disaster is much worse than people were told, and that contamination from it is quite problematic. In 1981, Meier gave information on a devastating "red meteor" that would hit between the Black Sea and the North Sea either in 2029 or 2036. Horn noted that those dates correspond with when the asteroid Apophis is due to fly by. Additionally, Meier warned of a catastrophic earthquake that would hit San Francisco at time when cars will appear rounded with sweeping windshields.

New segment guests: James McCanney, Peter Davenport
Website(s):

    apmagazine.info
    edgarcayce.org
    theyflyblog.com
    theyfly.com

Video(s):

    Ancient America: Mound Builders - Edgar Cayce's Forgotten Legacy
    The Search for Edgar Cayce's Atlantis
    The Silent Revolution of Truth

Book(s):

    The A.R.E.'s Search for Atlantis
    Edgar Cayce's Atlantis
    The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Native American Mounds & Earthworks
    And Still They Fly!

