Mars: War Logs is a 3rd person action RPG that takes the player into a futuristic and decadent universe, with a strong storyline where each choice is crucial.

Using the same universe as our previous project, we rewrote a story, adapted to a "short" format for digital, and came up with new characters. We also re-thought the gameplay to make it solidly RPG, with a variety of quests, dynamic and tactical combat, varied skill trees, multiple-choice dialog and a complex craft system.

Mars: War Logs is therefore a "short story" in the Mars universe that offers complete and solid gameplay with high replay value.

"Over a century after the catastrophe that shook Mars and threw its colonists into chaos, power is now shared between the different companies distributing the arid planet's most precious asset: water. The conservative and somewhat archaic Abundance thus struggles to maintain its influence in the face of Aurora, a young guild whose power stems from their plethora of Technomancers, people capable of focusing their energy in Terran artefacts to create devastating ΓÇ£magicalΓÇ¥ effects.

Our story begins in the middle of these struggles, when a young prisoner of Abundance meets Roy, a cynical an unwavering man, and decides to keep a war diary..."

   Take on the role of Roy Temperance, a multi-talented renegade, and surround yourself with companions with real personalities.
   Choose from the numerous dialog possibilities and influence the destiny of your people.
   Personalize your fighting style through a dynamic and developed combat system, for entirely different approaches depending on the choices you make.
   Personalize your development by choosing from dozens of skills and numerous additional perks!
   Modify and create your own equipment with our craft system.


Minimum System Requirements
Processor AMD/INTEL DUAL-CORE 2.2 GHZ
Video Card 512 MB 100% DIRECTX 9 AND SHADERS 4.0 COMPATIBLE
Memory 2048 MB RAM
OS WINDOWS XP SP3/WINDOWS VISTA SP2/WINDOWS 7/WINDOWS 8
HDD Space 3 GB HD space
Additional Info SoundIRECTX 9 COMPATIBLE

instructions English

1. Mount the iso
2. Install
3. Put files in the folder loc_eng_data.spk by Language Changer packs of game folder depending on the language you want
4. Enter Crack
5. Play

istruzioni ita

1. Montare la iso
2. Installa
3. Inserisci i file loc_eng_data.spk dal Language Changer nella cartella packs della cartella di gioco a seconda della lingua che si vuole
4. Inserisci il Crack
5. Gioca
