Latest version:
Version:5.0.0.1 
Released:20130202 
Size:10.7MB

Supported operating systems: 
Windows
*Requires .net 2.0 framework

All features / Full description:
Supports of the batch processing of videofiles.
Supports of practically any videos-formats (even MP4, MKV, MOV, QT, FLV, SWF, RM if you have appropriate codecs). If the file can be normally played in your video-player (Windows Media Player or BSPlayer), it can be processed by the program.
Several ways to choose shots manually (including crop ability), learn more.
You can pause/continue or stop active job at any moment.
Visual preview of your settings right in the Options window! Momentary rendering. Never before the creation of thumbnails was so simple! Maximum freedom for your creativity.
Possibility to save each shot in separate file.
Command line interface support, learn more.
Own Viewer allows to start the related video-file right from the picture-Viewer! The process is automatic in activated version, learn more. In usual version you can set the link between the picture and the video-file manually within the Viewer.
Import and export options presets.
Options preset file format (*.vtm). After you run the preset, the program is automatically opened with the imported tuning. Very useful.
5 interface languages (English, Belarusian, Russian, Ukranian, German).
5 customizable "base"-presets.
Statistics of the progress of the program (F1 window).
If you support the project, you can receive an email stating the amount you have donated, and a special activation key for the program. The key allows you to personalize the program, and depending on the amount you donated you will receive special status (silver, gold, platinum), learn more.
Watermarks (alpha-channels and transparency are supported). Make your own style.
Ability to use your images as background images for preview.
Autoadjustment of height of a shot option.
Global stroke and stroke tiles options.
Fit screen option (autoadjustment of the shots to fit your screen resolution).
Special effects (drop shadow, gray scale, cut edges).
Customizable fonts, colors, contours, shadows, frames, background, text.
Stamp time in shots option (5 different locations, transparency, contour).
Video information stamp option (4 different locations and customizable configurations).
"Audio/Video info" option.
"Custom comment" option.
Three rendering engines (Engine 2 is recommended to be used under 64-bit OS).
"Try to substitute black frames" option.
The program's small size.
Hot keys.

Installation:
1. Extract the RAR file.
2. Install the program.
3. Copy all file in crack folder, paste into VideoThumbnailMaker main directory.
4. If there are questions to existing files/ already exist, just click Replace/ Yes.
5. Run the program.
