This ancient form of artistic movement has been practiced for thousands of years and remains exceptionally popular throughout the world. Once performed as entertainment for royalty and common people alike, these beautiful movements evolved with strong links to womanhood, sensuality and even fertility. But bellydance is also one of the safest, simplest and most effective ways to achieve lasting fitness. Join Veena & Neena Bidasha for a wonderful introduction to the extraordinary benefits of bellydance. They have practiced bellydance since childhood and traveled throughout the world to perform and develop their techniques. They teach popular classes for a wide variety of folk dances from around the world and have performed in film, television, theater, music videos and even during the Academy Awards. Their amazing talent and delightful style will keep you captivated and totally motivated.

Arms & Abs - Developing strong and shapely abdominal muscles is important for maintaining good posture and a healthy back, and is also meaningful for projecting an image of feminine beauty. Conventional abdominal workouts can be extremely strenuous and uncomfortable, but this program will teach you moves that are easy, sensual and fun. Accompanied by the wonderful rhythms of the original soundtrack, this workout will strengthen all your abdominal muscles while flowing arm movements will tone your upper body and arms. Bellydance is the perfect exercise to help you achieve your goals, feel good about yourself and have fun.

Hips, Buns & Thighs - This workout was designed to concentrate traditional bellydance movements on the hips, buns and thighs. The moves are easy to learn and will isolate, stretch and strengthen your lower body. The captivating rhythms of the original soundtrack enhance the experience and in no time at all you will feel and see dramatic improvement. The key to a healthy and fit body is regular exercise, but it is not always easy finding a fitness routine that is truly enjoyable. This workout is not only fun, but also a delightful way to develop personal expression through movement. It is an experience you will look forward to everyday! 