The Voices Of East Harlem - Right On Be Free [1970]
2007 - Rhino Records / 8122-76435-2 / Remastered, Reissue, Bonus Tracks

The Voices of East Harlem were a local choir, whose abilities brought them to the attention of a wider audience, via, among others, the Major of New York. They were signed to the Elektra label, at the time home to every musical genre other then Black Music, and performed with Hendrix, before recording this debut album.

The 8 tracks of the original album use the Gospel roots of the choir to infuse a mix of originals and covers, with the accent firmly on a Black agenda of protest, right down to the cover picture. The title track sums that up, with it's message underscored by Funk (similarly the closer "Shaker Life"), although the groups abilities are also displayed well on "Let It Be Me", a simply beautiful mid-tempo cover.

The additional tracks include the recordings for a second Electra album, which were produced by Donny Hathaway. Notable among these is Dylan's "Oxford Town", "Hey Brother" (from Hendrix' "Hey Joe") and "I Wanna Be Free", which become funky organ driven gospel. The groups collaboration with Hathaway never saw the light of day, however, and remained unreleased until this set, despite the superb quality of the performances.

The final single release on Elektra is included (heaven alone knows why the wonderful B-side, "New York Lightning" never got more attention), while there are also tracks from the choirs performance at the "Soul to Soul" festival in Ghana (which became a movie).

proper eac rip cue log scans

All in all this is an excellent set, which encapsulates the feeling of the times, when Soul was king and when Black culture was asserting it's identity. The Voices were unmistakably part of that, and their music resonates to this day.

Track List:

1. Right On Be Free
2. Simple Song Of Freedom
3. Proud Mary
4. Music In The Air
5. Oh Yeah
6. For What It's Worth
7. Let It Be Me
8. No No No
9. Gotta Be A Change
10. Shaker Life
11. Oxford Town
12. Sit Yourself Down
13. Nation Time
14. I Wanna Be Free
15. Hey Brother
16. Love Is The Answer
17. Kind Woman
18. Angry
19. We Are New York Lightning
20. Run Shaker Life
21. Soul To Soul