Hatching & Brooding Your Own Chicks: Chickens, Turkeys, Ducks, Geese, Guinea Fowl 
by Gail Damerow
Storey Publishing, LLC | January 2013 | ISBN-10: 1612120148 | ePUB/PDFF | 24.3/11.4 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Hatching-Brooding-Your-Own-Chicks/dp/1612120148
PDF conversion is mine.

From Fertilized Egg to Baby Chick and Beyond
Whether you're an experienced poultry owner or an intrigued beginner, chicken expert Gail Damerow offers everything you need to know about acquiring and brooding hatchlings and what to expect from your young charges as they grow. When you've gained experience brooding and are eager for the next challenge, Damerow goes on to explain every step of the hatching process.
If you want your chickens to do the work for you, the chapter on broody hens will prepare you for their special care and feeding needs. If you choose to incubate the eggs, complete coverage of selecting and operating an incubator and understanding the structure and development of an egg will give you the confidence to act as mother hen yourself. And hatching and brooding information on turkeys, ducks, geese, and guinea fowl is also featured.
If you want to incubate, hatch, and brood chicks yourself, rather than buying them from a hatchery, this is the guide you need. Poultry authority Gail Damerow explains exactly how to hatch healthy baby chickens, ducklings, goslings, turkey poults, and guinea keets, addressing everything from selecting a breed and choosing the best incubator to ensuring proper set-up and sanitary conditions, understanding embryo development, and feeding and caring for newborn chicks in a brooder. This is an indispensable reference for any poultry raiser, whether you want to hatch three eggs or one hundred.

About the Author 
http://imageshack.us/a/img526/2889/demerow.jpg
Gail Damerow and her husband operate a family farm in Tennessee where they keep poultry and dairy goats, tend a sizable garden, and maintain a small orchard. They grow and preserve much of their own food, make their own yogurt and ice cream, and bake their own bread. Gail has written extensively on raising livestock, growing fruits and vegetables, and related rural skills. She shares her experience and knowledge as a regular contributor to Backyard Poultry magazine, as a contributor to numerous other periodicals, and as the author or contributor to more than a dozen country skills how-to books.
Gail Damerow is the go-to chick gal. Her books have sold over 790,000 copies and include The Backyard Homestead Guide to Raising Farm Animals, Storey’s Guide to Raising Chickens, and The Chicken Encyclopedia. Gail is the editor of Rural Heritage magazine and writes regularly for Backyard Poultry magazine and Dairy Goat Journal. She and her husband operate a family farm in Tennessee.

CONTENTS
Introduction
Part 1 The Chicks
1 Acquiring Your First Chicks
2 Setting Up Your Brooder
3 Managing Water, Feed, and Bedding
4 What to Expect as They Grow
5 Hatchling Health Issues
Part 2 The Eggs
6 The Broody Hen
7 Selecting an Incubator
8 Eggs for Hatching
9 Operating an Incubator
10 What Went Wrong?
11 Hatchling Identification
Appendix: Screwpot Notions
Glossary
Acknowledgments
Resources
Index
Interior Photography Credits

NOTE: I have uploaded earlier her book "The Chicken Encyclopedia"