Year / Date of Release: 2013
Version: v8.5.4
Bit: 32bit
Compatibility with Vista: complete
Compatible with Windows 7: complete
Language: Multilingual (Russian present) - by Boomer
Medicine: Present

System requirements:
Windows 8 / Windows 7 / Vista / XP

WYSIWYG Web Builder - software for web designers automatically creates HTML-code and does not require any knowledge of HTML. You just need to place the required objects anywhere on the page and then will only upload to your server with a built-in tool "Publish." It has practically all the MS Frontpage, but contains much more tools to work with objects (images, text, tables, etc.). Thanks to this program, a Web page on the Internet will have exactly the same form as on a PC, regardless of the browser.

Features:

No knowledge of HTML
Drag and drop objects anywhere in the HTML-page, anywhere
Customizable menus, toolbars, tabs, etc.
Support for creating form fields
Form wizard in four stages. Choose from a dozen forms of the perfect
Rich text support: size, fonts, colors, links, etc.
Support for ActiveX, JAVA, Flash, Windows Media player, Quicktime, Real Audio and other plug-ins
Built-in editor to create a photo gallery, with many functions
Built-in editor for creating banner ads
Create image maps (Image maps)
Setting up and editing the scrollbar for your Web page in Microsoft Internet Explorer
Create navigation bars, tabbed navigation, slide menus, etc.
Ready to use language javascript
Support for templates. Available for over 100 templates!
Inserting special. Character
Support slide show
Import existing HTML-pages
Built-in support for creating pop-ups (Popup-windows)
Create drop down menu navigation
Search and replace text objects
Graphical tools: brightness, contrast, saturation, color, etc.
Image effects: black and white, negative, sepia, blur, sharpen, noise, etc.
Drawing tools
Creation of RSS-feeds
Sitemap Generator for Google
And much, much more ...

What's New v8.5.4:
Improved: If WYSIWYG Web Builder is already running then it will display a warning message. This will help you to prevent opening the same project twice.

