MTV - The Challenge Season 20 - Cutthroat

This season, thirty fan favorites will head to the mysterious city of Prague in the Czech Republic to compete in a bold new Challenge: Cutthroat, where players will discover an exciting new game, filled with twists and surprises. For the first time ever, there will be three teams, chosen by the players themselves. These three teams will battle each other in nine extreme challenges, leading up to a massive and grueling finale. With over $500,000 in cash and prizes up for grabs, the Challengers will need to stay true to the name of the game and get cutthroat to secure their share of the prize! 

With a whopping thirty players competing, not everyone will make it to the end to vie for the riches. After each challenge, one man and one woman from each losing team will be sent into the "Gulag," a one-on-one battle arena that will test players' mental and physical capacities. Only the strong will survive and proudly return to the game to compete. The weak will leave with nothing. 
Staying out of the hellish "Gulag" means achieving victory in the challenges. After each challenge, the winning team will be safe from "The Gulag" and bank $20,000 to be shared amongst their final players. These lucky winners will have the pleasure of dining on an elegant feast, while the two losing teams will each be forced to send one male and one female player from their own ranks into "The Gulag." And in one of the biggest shockers of the game, players will enter a shadowy dungeon to cast a secret vote. Lies will be told and hearts will be broken, as these Challengers realize the powerful impact of a secret vote. Once the dust clears and the votes have been cast, the man and woman on each team with the most votes against them will be sentenced to "The Gulag." But these embattled players aren't out of the game just yet. The men will clash in their "Gulag" competition -- and so will the women. The winners will come right back to the very team that just voted against them and the losers will be sent straight home. 

With over a half a million dollars in cash and prizes on the line, players will push themselves -- and each other -- past their breaking points. This is the most exciting group of players in years and anything is possible: friendships will be tested, romances will blossom, rivalries will emerge, and blood will be shed. And the greatest shock of all will occur in a jaw-dropping, mid-season twist that is too big to even hint at! These Challengers are in for the fight of their lives in order to win it all and be crowned champions of Cutthroat!


Release Notes:
Episodes resolution: 1280x720
Reunion resolution: 640x480
The Shit They Should Have Shown resolution: 640x480