PC Auto Shutdown

PC Auto Shutdown is a handy software that helps you automatically shutdown, power off, reboot, hibernate, suspend or log off computers at schedule time you specifies. It can shut down computers at schedule time when no user is logged in or when computers are in suspended power conservation mode. It gives you different ways to schedule the shutdown event for your needs, such as daily, weekly and only once. During the shutdown, it can clean up Recycle Bin, temporary files, IE cache, IE cookies, IE history, IE auto- complete entries and recent document list to improve system performance and protect your privacy. 
A typical PC left on for 24 hours each day can use $70 or more of energy per year. If it's turned off at night and weekends, it will only use around $20 of energy per year. Power outages have happened in the world, from United States to Europe, so it's important for us to save electricity and money.

Key features: 

Shut down, power off, reboot, hibernate, suspend or log off computers at schedule time.
Shut down, power off, reboot, hibernate, suspend or log off computers at schedule time when no user is logged in
Activate computers from suspended power conservation mode, and shut down, power off, reboot, hibernate, suspend or log off computers at schedule time
Different schedules to meet your needs.
You can set up hotkeys to shut down your computer instantly.
Clean up IE cookies, history ,temporary files and Recycle Bin to protect your privacy.
Set password to avoid others changing your schedule configuration.
Customize alarm sound and countdown duration during shutdown.
Log each shutdown events.

What's new:

March 25th, 2013 PC Auto Shutdown Version 5.5 released
Some minor tweaks

System Requirement:

Pentium 166MHz or higher
Windows┬⌐ 98, SE, ME, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, 7 and 8
32 MB of available RAM (64 MB recommended) plus 3 MB of available disk space for installation

Homepage: http://www.drivermagician.com/autoshutdown/index.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.