Christian e-books, articles and music,taken from : http://www.oodegr.com/english/index.htm
Contents:
Catholicism
Protestantism
Witnessess of Jehovah
Orthodoxy
Oriental religions
voodoo
science
videos
music, and lots of others.

PLEASE , SEED!!

A young sorcerer from Tibet once visited me at my cell and told me a lot of things about his life. This child, no sooner was he weaned from his mother than his father dedicated it - at the age of three - to a group of thirty, high-ranking sorcerers in Tibet, in order to initiate it in their art.  He reached the eleventh degree of sorcery - the twelfth being the highest.  At the age of sixteen he left Tibet and went to Sweden, to see his father. While there, he happened to meet an Orthodox priest - a very devout one - and invited him to a conversation.  In the room where they had sat down to talk, he began to do some of his magic, in order to show the priest his powers.  He invoked an initial(1). demon, Menas, and said to it:  "I want water".  A glass rose up from the kitchen, it went to the tap on its own, the tap came on, it filled the glass with water, then it passed through the glass screen and entered the room they were in.  He took the glass and drank the water.  Then he "showed" the priest all the universe: the skies, the stars...  He used magic of the fourth degree and intended to continue, up to the eleventh degree.  He asked the priest what he thought of all those things.

"I was ready" he said, "to kill him if he dared to insult my Satan". 

But the priest said nothing to him. Then the young man said to the priest:

"Why don't you conjure up some signs also?" 

"Because my God is humble", the priest replied, and took out a crucifix which he had with him and asked the young man to hold it in his hand.

"Now try your magic again," he said.

The young man invoked Menas the initial demon once more, but Menas stood trembling, not daring to approach.  He then invoked Satan, but the same thing happened: he could see the Crucifix and he wouldn't come near; he only told the young man to get up and leave for Tibet. The young man then broke out and cursed him: "I just realized" he said, "that your vast power is a pathetic weakness!" 

He was afterwards catechized a little by the good priest, who spoke to him about the Holy Lands, the Holy Mountain etc.. So he left Sweden and went to Jerusalem where he witnessed the Holy Light. From there, he went on to America to give the Satanists there a piece of his mind and tell them to change their ways.... God had turned him into the best kind of preacher...  From there, he came to the Holy Mountain.

The good Lord helped him scandalously, because he had been unjustly treated from a very young age. But you too should also say a prayer for him, because the sorcerers with all their demons are waging war against him. If they attack me whenever he comes for my help, just imagine how much more they are attacking him.  Priests would read exorcisms over him, and his hands would split open and bleed profusely... The poor child... he is being horribly tormented by the demons, whereas initially, when he was friends with them, they didn't harass him, but only helped him and served him.  Pray for him.  However, he too needs to be extremely cautious, because the Gospel says that  "when an unclean spirit departs from a man, it goes through dry places, seeking rest and finding none. Then it says, ΓÇÿI will return to my house from which I came.ΓÇÖ And when it comes, it finds it empty, swept, and put in order. Then it goes and takes with it seven other spirits more wicked than itself, and they enter and dwell there; and the last state of that man is worse than the first..." 
