Unusual Futurist & Creative Trance Producer from Moldova. Alexander's musical career began in 2007 at only 18 years old each year gaining more and more experience and finding his ΓÇ£soundΓÇ¥. His tracks have a variety of influences from different music styles like: House, Minimal, Techno and of course Trance. He tries to offer something hot and new every time, never using the same formula of previous track. Tracks and remixes of Alexandr Boboc are listed in numerous Compilations like: "Absolute Trance Volume 14", "Sea Shore Desire", "Trance the Annual 2013", "Winter Trance Essentials","High Contrast presents Ibiza 2012" and many others... played in lots of Radio shows and pod casts by the DJ's and Producers from all around the world in their radio shows and live performances. Alexandr Boboc in every day of his work take's more and more attention of a people around the world, acquiring more and more admirers of his work and get's constant feedback from listeners and Top DJ's

Podcast info: Every Friday at 10 pm, you will be delighted by the latest Vocal Trance and Progressive, in a one hour Podcast, mixed by DJ & Producer Alexandr Boboc. 

  Tune In and don't miss the chance to listen an unique sound !!!

Track list: 
1. Two Killers & FRAM feat. Ange - Get Me Right (J-Soul Remix)
2. Danny Chen - Last Chance For Love (Original Mix)
3. Mikkas & Amba Shepherd - Finally (Original Mix)
4. Denis Kenzo feat. Sveta B. ΓÇô Lullaby Lonely (Progressive Mix)
5. Dennis Sheperd feat Simon Binkenborn - No Time To Cry (The Madison Remix)
6. G-Tek & Kimberly - Swan Song (Dart Rayne & Yura Moonlight Remix)
7. D-Mad feat. Ana Criado - Little Signs Of Distance (Purple Stories Extended)
8. The Blizzard & Yuri Kane Ft. Relyk - Everything About You (Ethillas Remix)
9. Gal Abutbul feat. Phillipa Joy - Don't Mind Waiting (Original Mix)
10. Zaa & Leanne Thomas - Under This Sun (Binary Finary vs Pulse & Sphere Remix)
11. Trance Arts feat. Hysteria - Heaven In Disguise (Progressive Mix)