Relic Master Series (1-4) by Catherine Fisher in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: The Dark City (Relic Master #1) by Catherine Fisher (2011)

Welcome to Anara, a world mysteriously crumbling to devastation, where nothing is what it seems: Ancient relics emit technologically advanced powers, members of the old Order are hunted by the governing Watch yet revered by the people, and the great energy that connects all seems to also be destroying all. The only hope for the world lies in Galen, a man of the old Order and a Keeper of relics, and his sixteen-year-old apprentice, Raffi. They know of a secret relic with great power that has been hidden for centuries. As they search for it, they will be tested beyond their limits. For there are monsters-some human, some not-that also want the relic's power and will stop at nothing to get it.

Book 2: The Lost Heiress (Relic Master #2) by Catherine Fisher (June 14th 2011)

The second installment in the Relic Master quartet!

Even though Tasceron and its Emperor have fallen, there is a rumor that the heiress to the throne still lives. If so, her life is in grave danger, especially from the Watch. Galen and Raffi must race to find and protect her.

Book 3: The Hidden Coronet (Relic Master #3) by Catherine Fisher (June 14th 2011)

The third installment in the Relic Master quartet!

The coronet, a potent ancient relic, might be the only way to defeat the power that is destroying Anara. But it has been lost for centuries, and only legend tells of its whereabouts. Will Galen and Raffi be able to find it before the Watch does?

Book 4: The Margrave (Relic Master #4) by Catherine Fisher (August 9th 2011) 

The fourth installment in the Relic Master quartet!

Galen and Raffi's quest has brought them to the Pits of Maar. There, below the surface of the world, in the deepest darkness, a most evil thing is waiting for them to come.


Seed and Enjoy!