Title: Azrael's Tear
Genre: adventure / 1st-person / sci-fi
Released: 7th November 1996
Developer: Intelligent Games
Publisher: Mindscape
Description:
Can you claim the most valuable prize in history? The quest for the Holy Grail takes on epic new proportions in this powerful and all-consuming 3D puzzle adventure game. Azrael's Tear casts you as a futuristic thief in a medieval underground temple. Armed with high-tech weaponry and sophisticated sensors, prepare to explore over 70 stunningly beautiful and atmospheric environments, gathering crucial objects and overcoming a host of haunting characters. Only when you've acquired the necessary knowledge and tools are you empowered to return the Holy Grail to the outside world.

Stunning 3D visuals, subtle yet challenging puzzles and realistic character interactions combine to create a world of menacing realism. Little wonder that Azrael's Tear stands alone as the most mysterious, enthralling and intriguing game of its genre.

Bonus content: Colin Scott letter, design documents, last testament of Sir Guy of Bramley, manual, game proposal, reference card.

How to play:
1) Run setup_azraels_tear.exe and install the game (or extract the archive azrael.rar manually);
2) Start the game using the main executable Azrael.exe or its shortcuts.

! Notice
The game is already configured to work with DOSBox and it runs on modern PCs.

! Notice
Check the Better Sound folder for instructions on making the in-game music tracks sound better.

! Notice
Depending on your CPU, the game might run too fast or too slow in some areas. When running the game, press CTRL + F11 to slow down the emulation speed or CTRL + F12 to speed up the emulation speed (thus making the game run slower or faster). If the game is consistently slow, you can try adjusting some DOSBox settings; see dosbox.conf located in the DOSBox folder where you installed the game (you can open it with your favorite text editor).

If you like the game, SUPPORT the developers!