Rich Food Poor Food: The Ultimate Grocery Purchasing System (GPS) 
by Mira Calton, Jayson Calton, William Davis and Mark Sisson
Primal Nutrition, Inc | February 2013 | ISBN-10: 0984755179 | ePUB | 245 pages | 12.7 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Rich-Food-Poor-Ultimate-Purchasing/dp/0984755179

Do you get confused while poring over labels at the grocery store trying to determine the healthiest options? What makes one box of cereal better for you than another, and how are we supposed to decipher the extensive lists of mysterious ingredients on every package, and then determine whether they are safe or toxic to a your family's health? With nearly 40,000 items populating the average supermarket today, the Rich Food Poor Food - Grocery Purchasing System (GPS), is unique guide that steers the consumer through the grocery store aisles, directing them to health enhancing Rich Food options while avoiding health detracting Poor Food onesRich Food, Poor Food is unique in the grocery store guide arena in that rather than rating a particular food using calories, sodium, or fat as the main criteria, it identifies the products that contain wholesome, micronutrient-rich ingredients that health-conscious shoppers are looking for, like wild caught fish, grass-fed beef, raw/organic cheese, organic meats, pastured eggs and dairy, organic produce and sprouted grains, nuts and seeds, while avoiding over 150 common unwanted Poor Food ingredients such as sugar, high fructose corn syrup, refined flour, GMOs, MSG, artificial colors, flavors and sweeteners, pesticides, nitrites/ nitrates, gluten, and chemical preservatives like BHA and BHT.So while other food swapping grocery guides may give the green light to eating Kellogg's Froot Loops with Sprinkles, Oscar Mayer Turkey Bologna and Hostess Twinkies based on their lower calories, sodium, and/or fat levels, you won't find these heavily processed, food-like products identified as Rich Food choices in Rich Food, Poor Food. That doesn't mean this guide to micronutrient-sufficient living leads readers to a boring culinary lifestyle. Quite the contrary! The Caltons offer Rich Food choices in every aisle of the store including desserts, snacks, sauces, hot dogs, and other fun foods!This indispensable grocery store guide raises the bar on food quality as it takes readers on an aisle-by-aisle tour, teaching them how to identify potentially problematic ingredients, while sharing tips on how to lock in a food's nutritional value during preservation and preparation, save money, and make homemade versions of favorite grocery store staples. Regardless of age, dietary preference or current health, Rich Food, Poor Food turns the grocery store and farmers market into a micronutrient pharmacy--filling the shopping cart with a natural prescription for better health and longevity.

About the Authors 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/7f/0d/69a4ab9d13c70ac1d18840.L._V149583166_SX200_.jpg
Mira Calton, CN, FAAIM, DCCN, CPFC, BCIH is a Licensed Certified Nutritionist, a Fellow of the American Association of Integrative Medicine, a Diplomate of the College of Clinical Nutrition, a Certified Personal Fitness Chef and is Board Certified in Integrative Health. She holds a Diploma in Comprehensive Nutrition from Huntington College of Health Sciences, has completed the Yale University School of Medicine's OWCH (Online Weight Management Counseling for Healthcare Providers) program, and currently sits on the American Board of Integrative Health. Mira's interest in nutrition came after having been diagnosed at the age of thirty with advanced osteoporosis. Working with her husband Dr. Jayson Calton to become micronutrient sufficient Mira reversed her condition, they now work together to inspire others to do the same. 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/e2/78/38fc3b706e390a7f023529.L._V149631573_SX200_.jpg
Jayson B. Calton, PhD, FAAIM, DCCN, CISSN, BCIH, ROHP is a Fellow of the American Association of Integrative Medicine, a Diplomate of the College of Clinical Nutrition, and is Board Certified in Integrative Health and Sports Nutrition. He has worked with thousands of international clients over the last 20 years to improve their health through his unique nutritional and lifestyle therapies. Dr. Calton majored in Molecular and Microbiology (pre-med), at the Burnett Honors College, School of Biomedical Sciences and holds a Masters of Science degree and a Ph.D. in Nutrition. He has completed post-doctoral continuing medical education at Harvard Medical School, Cornell University, and Yale University School of Medicine, and sits on the Board of Directors for the American Holistic Health Association (AHHA) and the American Board of Integrative Health (ABIH).