Red Emma Speaks; An Emma Goldman Reader

Author: Emma Goldman
Editor, Introduction: Alix Kates Shulman

Publisher: Humanities
Pages: 464
Released: Jan 5, 1996

ISBN-13: 9781573924641

Description (from the Back of the Book):

Unlike any other collection of Goldman's work, Red Emma Speaks: An Emma Goldman Reader presents in a single, handy volume the full sweep of her opinions and personality. In addition to nine essays from Goldman's own 1910 collection Anarchism and Other Essays, three dramatic sections from her 1931 autobiography Living My Life, and the afterword to her My Disillusionment in Russia (which the collapse of the Soviet Union has revealed as prescient), this book contains sixteen more pieces covering a great range of subjects, assembled here for the first time to offer a rich composite of Goldman's life and thought. Red Emma Speaks on: anarchism, sex, prostitution, marriage, jealousy, prisons, religion, schools, violence, war, communism, and much more.

The first edition of Red Emma Speaks (1972), with a biographical sketch, introduced Goldman to a new generation. The second edition (1985), enlarged to serve an exploding interest in women's studies, added three more essays plus an assessment of Goldman's feminism by Alix Kates Shulman. The present, third edition (1996), containing a new forward by Shulman and more accessible source listings, has been revised to situate the works more precisely in light of a burgeoning Goldman scholarship.


About the Author:

Emma Goldman was an anarchist known for her political activism, writing, and speeches who played a pivotal role in the development of anarchist political philosophy in North America and Europe in the first half of the twentieth century.

Born in Kovno in the Russian Empire (present-day Kaunas, Lithuania), Goldman emigrated to the U.S. in 1885 and lived in New York City, where she joined the burgeoning anarchist movement in 1889. Attracted to anarchism after the Haymarket affair, Goldman became a writer and a renowned lecturer on anarchist philosophy, women's rights, and social issues, attracting crowds of thousands. She and anarchist writer Alexander Berkman, her lover and lifelong friend, planned to assassinate industrialist and financier Henry Clay Frick as an act of propaganda of the deed. Although Frick survived the attempt on his life, Berkman was sentenced to twenty-two years in prison. Goldman was imprisoned several times in the years that followed, for "inciting to riot" and illegally distributing information about birth control. In 1906, Goldman founded the anarchist journal Mother Earth.

In 1917, Goldman and Berkman were sentenced to two years in jail for conspiring to "induce persons not to register" for the newly instated draft. After their release from prison, they were arrestedΓÇöalong with hundreds of othersΓÇöand deported to Russia. Initially supportive of that country's Bolshevik revolution, Goldman quickly voiced her opposition to the Soviet use of violence and the repression of independent voices. In 1923, she wrote a book about her experiences, My Disillusionment in Russia. While living in England, Canada, and France, she wrote an autobiography called Living My Life. After the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War, she traveled to Spain to support the anarchist revolution there. She died in Toronto on May 14, 1940, aged 70.

During her life, Goldman was lionized as a free-thinking "rebel woman" by admirers, and denounced by critics as an advocate of politically motivated murder and violent revolution.[2] Her writing and lectures spanned a wide variety of issues, including prisons, atheism, freedom of speech, militarism, capitalism, marriage, free love, and homosexuality. Although she distanced herself from first-wave feminism and its efforts toward women's suffrage, she developed new ways of incorporating gender politics into anarchism. After decades of obscurity, Goldman's iconic status was revived in the 1970s, when feminist and anarchist scholars rekindled popular interest in her life.


About the Editor  (from the Back of the Book):

Alix Kates Shulman, a member of Redstockings, one of the earliest women's liberation groups in the United States, has published four novels including the feminist classic Memoirs of an Ex-Prom Queen, two books on the anarchist-feminist Emma Goldman, numerous short stories and essays on feminist themes, and a memoir, Drinking the Rain.

Buzz:
"Alix Shulman has provided a truly elegant collection of Goldman's speeches and writings ... Shulman's introductions also display a rare and genuine knowledge of anarchist political thought ... In her comments, she attempts to show the contemporary relevance of Goldman's work and her life." --American Journal of Sociology