The company Futuremark released in February 2013, a new version of the test 3DMark, designed to evaluate the performance of computer systems, especially their graphic component. This package is known to be the first time went beyond the usual ecosystem and is a universal benchmark assessment results with comparable performance. Feature of the new version is the lack of numbers in the version in the title. 
In addition, the developers have positioned 3DMark as a universal platform for Windows, Windows RT, Android and iOS. While the only available version of Windows (including Windows 8), the rest will come later. The structure includes three 3DMark test package - Ice Storm, Cloud Gate and Fire Strike, designed for use API DirectX 9, DirectX 10 and DirectX 11.

Additional Information:
With tests Fire Strike, using DirectX 11, you can evaluate the work of the best performing gaming PCs, including models with multi-GPU subsystem. The benchmark can be run on graphics cards with support for DirectX 9, 10 and 11.
Scope of Cloud Gate - home PCs and laptops with Windows. The composition of Cloud Gate includes two graphics tests and a physical test. They use the DirectX 11 framework for the equipment that supports DirectX 10.
At first, Fire Strike and Cloud Gate will be only in the 3DMark for Windows.

Basic edition is available for free editorial Advanced Edition and Professional Edition - for $ 25 and $ 995, respectively.

  What's new in the version of 2013
From now on, mobile platforms Windows RT, Android and iOS, but these versions are retained and will be released sequentially, passing the certification procedures in the relevant app stores.
The composition of Ice Storm includes two graphics tests and a physical test, but this set is designed for smartphones, tablets, laptops and ultraportables entry-level PC. Windows uses DirectX 11 features in the corresponding Direct3D 9. In Android and iOS using OpenGL ES 2.0. The test results will allow the device to compare the different platforms.

  Installation:
Downloading 3DMark Basic Edition
For the Professional Edition
File UiCore.dll throws with replacement in the folder C: Program Files Futuremark 3DMark binx64 or x86
3DMARK run and enter the key.
Crack from loginvovchyk
Move to C: Program Files Futuremark 3DMark binx86 or x64
Run 3DMark_ru.exe or 3DMark_x64_ru.exe
When the test is completed and goes online to the site results verified validation key so do not let all the functions on sayt.No
programs operate fully and see the results in the online is not necessary because there are all the necessary infa in off online.

System requirement
Operating system: Windows 8/7 and Vista
Processor: Intel or AMD CPU with a clock speed of 1 GHz or higher
Memory: 1 GB RAM (2 GB recommended)
Video: Video card with 512 MB of memory
Available at Railway: 982 MB
