	nERv

Assassins Creed III Update v1.04 *Proper* (c) Ubisoft

03/2013: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: Ubisoft DRM: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Action

Note:

Again the SR release comes with a shitty crack. It requires Uplay to even
work. For several users, like with their initial release, it doesn't work
under any circumstance. If Uplay is uninstalled or updated it will stop
working

Enjoy this proper update. Check the included .txt file for a list of what's
new

The American Colonies, 1775. A brave young warrior fights to save his
homeland. But what begins as a struggle over territory turns into an
extraordinary journey that will transform him into a Master Assassin
one that will forever change the destiny of a newborn nation

You are Connor, warrior son of a Native American mother and British
father. As the colonies draw closer to revolution, you will dedicate
your life to the freedom of your clan, becoming the spark that ignites
the revolution into a full blaze. Your crusade will lead you through
blood-soaked battlefields and through crowded city streets, to the
perilous wilderness and beyond. You will not only witness history you
will make it

Experience the hidden truth behind one of history's most influential
wars: the American Revolution. Unleash lethal new skills and weapons
and experience a stunningly realistic world created by Anvil Next, a new
engine that redefines gaming. Welcome to an entirely new chapter in the
Assassins' unforgettable saga!

Key Features

A NEW MASTER ASSASSIN - As Connor, a Native American Assassin, unleash
your predatory instincts to stalk your enemies and devastate them with
new weapons including tomahawks, rope darts, firearms and more

IGNITE THE FIRES OF REVOLUTION - Fighting from Lexington to Bunker Hill
you are America's first highly trained Master Assassin. Incite the
revolution by working behind the scenes along with historical icons like
George Washington, Benjamin Franklin and more

EXPLORE A BRAVE NEW WORLD - Pursue your enemies through massive
environments, from bustling city streets to blood-soaked battlefields
and into the far reaches of the American frontier

STUNNING NEW ENGINE - Experience the power of Anvil Next, Ubisoft's new
engine designed for Assassin's Creed III. Revolutionary physics
animation and weather systems deliver unprecedented realism, while a
whole-new combat system delivers more intense, gut-wrenching battles
than ever before

INTENSE MULTIPLAYER - The acclaimed multiplayer system returns with a
host of refinements, including all-new characters, maps and modes to
deliver the most compelling online experience yet

1. Install the 1.04 update. You'll need all previous updates, up to 1.03
installed
2. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir to your &lt;install&gt;
dir, overwriting any existing files
3. Just to be sure, we recommend that you use your firewall to block all
game exe files from going online
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!