DDR Presents

Dahan (Crossfire) - (1998)
(A film by Rituparno Ghosh)

DVD Rip - 1Gb - X264.AC3.MKV


The pictures on the left are from the source video. Those on the right are from the rip

The pictures are Thumbnails. Please click to see in original size.
Please Read Uploader's Notes below

Synopsis:
Romita (Rituparna), a young newly married lady is molested by a gang of hooligans. Her husband Palash is beaten up and she only escapes because of the courage of another young girl Jhinuk (Indrani Haldar), a teacher. A case is filed and some of the boys arrested. They turn out to be sons of the rich and influential and suddenly, the lives of the two girls and another one, the fiancée of one of the accused, is turned upside down. All kinds of pressures are brought on them, they are vilified in court and in their peer group and ultimately the pressures prove too much...

Comments:
An early film from Rituparno Ghosh. It prefers to tell the story in a straightforward way - not the complex structures that are so much a part of Rituparno's films these days. Like the original story, the film too is really from a woman's perspective. All the males are wimps and all the females are the ones that fight injustice. In a way the tale is so one-sided, that at the end of it it just becomes a story and fails to become a commentary on society - something so very obviously the Direcor's intention. The characters are sketched a bit like cardboard cutouts - unidimensional and predictable. In his later films each character would be complex, each having shades of grey.

There is some splendid acting. both Rituparna and Indrani excel in heroine-oriented roles (They jointly won the best actress award. Debojyoti Mishra's music is very good too. He too shows early promise and later ha developed into a fine music director. Cinematography is poor. I don't know why almost everything had to be shot in darkness but it tends to drag and also omits details that could have embellished the visuals. Its a long film (nearly two and a half hours) and it is to the credit of the Director that he manages to hold our attention, but seeing it after so many years, I get the impression that the Director was indulging himself. The same message could perhaps be sent out more effectively in a much reduced duration.

Uploader's Notes:
I have had a number of requests for this film. Also the request forums too have been replete with requests for re-seeding. Strangely there are very few good rips of this movie available. Perhaps its because the original DVD was so very poor in quality.

I have tried to improve upon the quality of the original DVD. The ugly green tinge that marred the video has been minimised, the satuartion of the colours corrected and the images are sharper. I have also been able to enhance the shadow areas to some extent. but I must admit that the results are only perhaps a 20% improvement. Some comparative images are given above. Judge for yourself...

This rip is for those who have been looking for a good quality rip of this classic film.

IMDb Link:
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0143202/


seeding 24x7 at 1 Gbps+