Dr. Gordon Neufeld - The Art and Science of Transplanting Children

8 one hour presentations

Encoded using AVS Video Converter into m4v files for playback on iPhone, iPad, Android based phones and tablets, Windows, Mac, & Linux

Resolution: 640x480
Total Bitrate: 835kbps 

From: http://neufeldinstitute.com/products/dvds

Transplanting children – whether this occurs as the result of remarriage, removal, adoption, parental loss, or change in custody - constitutes the most difficult challenge in raising children. Like plants, it is all about their attachment roots; unlike plants, it is a great deal more complicated.

When proximity to one’s parent is neither possible nor in the child’s best interest, the child is subjected to the most impacting experience of all - separation from those to whom they are attached. When such children are unable to recover from the impact of the attachment disruption, or when they fail to adequately re-attach to the parent or parents who are raising them, nothing works as it should.

Dr. Neufeld has dealt with transplanted children and the adults attempting to raise them for close to forty years. From his years of experience and his profound knowledge of attachment and human vulnerability, he makes sense of this most daunting of human challenges: raising children who were born to other parents. In this workshop, Dr. Neufeld shares his learnings and his insights. From this basis of understanding, he opens the doors to change. The objective of this course is to provide a map for all those who are involved with transplanting or transplanted children.

Course Objectives:
- Describe Neufeld’s comprehensive model of attachment and attachment disruption that makes sense of the challenges involved and paves the way to effective intervention.
- Utilize Neufeld’s insights and language to identify why transplanted children are prone to aggression and defiance, list the tools for addressing the roots of the problem and describe why conventional discipline tends to fail.
- Explain why transplanted children often have difficulty re-attaching to new parents, how to promote healing and recovery and what strategies resolve severe difficulties.