

                           PART  474



   THE ROLLING STONES-Have You Seen Your Mother,Baby,Standing in the Shadow (1966)



         On this day,  February 28, 1942,  born Lewis Brian Hopkin Jones in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England. Born during World War II to Welsh parents, Brian Jones suffered from asthma as a child and throughout his life. His father and mother both played music, and by the time he was in high school, Brian had learned to play the piano, clarinet, saxophone and guitar. Though Jones was incredibly bright, he was a lazy student. He quit school and left home shortly after a scandal in which he fathered an illegitimate baby boy who was subsequently given up for adoption. 
         Jones moved to London to play blues guitar in local bars. In the spring of 1962, he formed The Rolling Stones with pianist Ian Stewart, singer Mick Jagger, and Jagger's childhood friend and guitarist Keith Richards. Bassist Bill Wyman and jazz-influenced drummer Charlie Watts soon joined the band.
         During The Rolling Stones' early days, Jones served as leader, entertainer and manager for the band. As the most photogenic band member, his antics and fashion sense were quickly adopted by the swingers of 1960s London . In 1963, the band hired manager Andrew Loog Oldham, who helped them cultivate a rough, somewhat menacing persona. Oldham's arrival also marked the decline of Jones as ringleader. Jagger and Richard, who did much of the songwriting, soon moved into the spotlight.
         Though he was chiefly known as a guitarist, especially for the guitar weaving he did with Richards, Jones played numerous instruments during his years with the Stones: sitar, tamboura, dulcimer, keyboards, recorder, harmonica, xylophone and marimba, among others. By the mid 1960s, Jones was feeling increasingly alienated by the band and became more and more dependent on drugs and alcohol. He was first arrested for drug use in May of 1967, and by May of 1968, he was recording his final substantial contributions with the Stones.
           On June 8, 1969, following the recording of "Let it Bleed", Jones was asked to leave the band. A month later, on July 3, 1969 Brian Jones was found at the bottom of his swimming pool at his home in Sussex, England. The death was ruled an accident. His death at age 27 has made him one of the first musicians formed the infamous "Club 27".



         Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "Have You Seen Your Mother, Baby" was recorded in the late summer of 1966 during early sessions for what would become their Between the Buttons LP. It is famous for its horns arrangement (arranged by Mike Leander; this is the first Rolling Stones song to feature brass) and is one of the earliest songs to use feedback from the guitars. The Stones have said that they were unhappy with the final cut, bemoaning the loss of the original cut's strong rhythm section.  It was released as a single in September 1966 simultaneously in the UK and the US (a first for the band), and reached #5 and #9 on those countries' charts, respectively.
