

A Beginners Guide to Home Canning & Food Preserving: Recipes, Jams, Marmalades, Jellies, Chutneys, Relishes Plus More...

Mel Jeffreys
2013  
ASIN: B00BJXY940  
104 pages 
PDF 
1.39 MB

It is an undeniable pleasure for the modern individual to look at the work accomplished by his or her own hands with a sense of pride and ownership. While humans will no longer generally starve to death if we donΓÇÖt preserve food at home (as we once would have done) we still enjoy the self-reliance that doing so brings. 

 A Beginners Guide to Home Canning & Food Preserving is for anyone wanting to learn the art of Home Canning. The book cover such topics as:

 History of Food Preservation
 Definitions of Various Food Preservation Methods
 Food Safety and Safety Precautions
 Sourcing Tools, Equipment and Food
 Altitude Adjustments
 Water Bath Canning Details & Pressure Canning Details
 Recipes Including Jams, Jellies, Butters, Chutneys, Relishes, Pickles and Meat Fish and Poultry

 If you are an old hand at food preserving and canning you may even find a new recipe included in book.

 Although the canning process is the most labor intensive procedure, all methods promote a sense of pride, accomplishment, and self-reliance. ThereΓÇÖs nothing like opening the pantry or freezer door on a frigid winterΓÇÖs day, where the snow - already up to the window sills - is coming down so hard you canΓÇÖt see your mailbox, and finding row upon row of neatly labeled produce and meats and remembering once again that if the world ended outside your door, your family would still eat well.

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51tr6Q9FHsL.jpg


Car Buyer's and Leaser's Negotiating Bible, Third Edition

Publisher: Random House Reference
William Bragg 
2004 
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0375720677
ISBN-13: 978-0375720673
272 Pages
EPUB 
3.60 MB

W. James Bragg, the country's most authoritative automotive consumer advocate, has updated the Car Buyer's and Leaser's Negotiating Bible to include the latest games that dealers play, the lowdown on buying hot vehicles like SUVs and minivans, and the most recent advice on shopping for a car on the Internet. 
 ┬╖ Instructs shoppers on how to establish the right price target, determine the value of a trade-in, and negotiate successfully
 ┬╖ Provides advice to women and minorities on how to avoid price discrimination
 ┬╖ Updated for the 21st-century car shopper, including Web search tips, tricks, and facts about buying the latest vehicles




Clothing Care Basics: Tips for Fabric Care, Clothing Storage, and Saving Money by Keeping Your Favorite Clothes Looking Good Longer

Julie Gallagher
2012 
Language: English
ASIN: B0095RETCY 
59 pages 
PPDF
511 KB

 Have you ever ruined your favorite blouse or shirt, or the brand new pair of jeans you just spent $300 on? It's a horrible feeling, isn't it? Such a waste!
 You can't prevent every disaster, but if you learn a few basic tips and tricks, you can prevent most common problems. Never again will you turn your whites pink, or shrink your new cashmere sweater. 

 Here's a sample of what you'll learn:

 - What does "colorfast" mean?
 - Why do my white clothes turn yellow?
 - How do I sort my clothes into separate loads for best results?
 - Does it matter what temperature water I use to wash my clothes?
 - What can I do if I have hard water?
 - How can I save money at the Laundromat?
 - How do I prevent Permanent Press from turning into "perma-wrinkles"?
 - How do I prepare clothes to store them safely?
 - Help! I spilled _____ on my new shirt - what do I do?

 You spend a lot of money buying nice clothes. Now you can keep them looking good longer!
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51v5guSlT9L._BO2,204,203,200_PIsitb-sticker-arrow-click,TopRight,35,-76_AA300_SH20_OU01_.jpg

Growing Your Own Vegetables: An Encyclopedia of Country Living Guide

Publisher: Sasquatch Books
Carla Emery ,Lorene Edwards Forkner
2010
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1570615705
ISBN-13: 978-1570615702
ASIN: B003YJEYBA 
192 pages  
PDF
3.73 MB

Drawn from and expanded on the bestselling Encyclopedia of Country Living, this is a complete manual for setting up a vegetable garden¶whether itΓÇÖs just a few rows of lettuce or a year-round field that produces enough for a whole family to eat. This book is informed by years of hands-on experience and the wisdom gathered from a generation of homesteaders and small farmers. Starting with planning the garden (plot size, seasonal considerations, getting the most from a small plot) and laying it out (rows, beds, plowing), this book addresses the planning and growing issues for all North American climate zones. Gardeners need to understand (and love) their soil, and the Growing Your Own Vegetables explains it in simple terms, with advice on composting and testing for contamination (so important since this is going to be your food source!). Carla Emery was a very early advocate of gardening without chemical fertilizers, so the approach here is organic all the way. The large part of the book is the crop-by-crop guide to planting, cultivating, and harvesting the delicious vegetables we love to ear: onions, leafy greens, stems and flowers (rhubarb, artichoke, broccoli), roots (spuds, radishes, jicama), grasses & grains (just imagine: your own wheat field!), legumes, gourds, and the nightshade family (that would be tomatoes, peppers, eggplant).

