Living Paleo For Dummies 


Author - Melissa Joulwan, Kellyann Petrucci 
Pages - 360

Author Information

Melissa Joulwan is the author of the paleo recipe and lifestyle blog www.theclothesmakethegirl.com. Dr. Kellyan Petrucci, who is a go-to expert in the nutritional field, helps patients build the strongest, healthiest body possible through her family-based workshops and consulting practice (www.drkellyann.com).


A fun and practical guide for adopting Paleo diet principles into your daily life 
The human body survived for more than 2 million years with the food found in nature: game meat, fish, vegetables, wild fruits, eggs, and nuts. Humans were thriving on this diet high in animal fat and proteins and low in carbohydrates, but things changed when we introduced unnatural and processed foods to our bodies. The Paleo movement is one of today's hottest diet and healthy-eating approaches. Its appeal comes from the fact that it is a sustainable alternative to more restrictive diets that often lead to burnout and failed weight loss efforts. The Paleo diet is about using natural foods to achieve great health and a perfect physique. 

Living Paleo For Dummies shows you how to adopt the Paleo lifestyle and improve your health and longevity. Offering more than 40 recipes for every meal of the day, and providing tips for getting around common roadblocks such as eating out, this essential guide to adopting a primal diet also provides the latest, cutting edge research from genetics, biochemistry, and anthropology to help you look, feel, and perform your best. 

-The details of eating the foods that our bodies were designed to eat
-A complete introductory plan to kick start the Paleo journey
-Tricks to save on the food bill while adhering to a primal meal plan 

Living Paleo For Dummies is for anyone looking for a fun and informative guide that simplifies the complexities of the Paleo Diet while outlining and explaining the science behind the benefits.


By:- MUMBAI
My Torrents:   http://thepiratebay.sx/user/MUMBAI1/


For any request :-               
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=340291 	