Granny Quilt Decor: Vintage Quilts of the '30s inspire projects for today's home 
by Darlene Zimmerman
Krause Publications | April 2004 | ISBN-10: 0873497589 | scanned PDF | 128 pages | 23.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Granny-Quilt-Decor-Vintage-projects/dp/B0044KMSZM

Step back into a world of ...simple pleasures ...light, bright colors and designs ...handmade treasures This is the world of Granny Quilt Decor. Darlene Zimmerman once again whisks us back to 1930s and the colorful Granny Quilts of that era. On this trip, Darlene expands on her vintage quilt designs to bring us a variety of projects for today's home. Both old and new fans of Darlene's Granny Quilts will be inspired to create: Table runners Pillows Wall quilts Doll quilts Curtains Pincushions And, of course, quilts Beautiful photography, as well as full-sized patterns and step-by-step illustrations, will encourage bath novices and experts alike to recreate these 29 charming designs from the past for use in today's modern home.

About the Author 
http://www.robertkaufman.com/assets/fabric/designers/darlene_zimmerman_1170243856.jpg
Designer, quilter, textile historian and author, Darlene Zimmerman has been an integral part of the quilting industry for twelve years. Throughout this time Darlene has authored eight quilting books; still in print are Quilts to Come Home To, Quick Quilted Miniatures, Granny Quilts, Granny Quilt Decor, and Fat Quarter Small Quilts. In September her newest book, The Quilter's Edge, will be released. She has appeared in countless quilting magazines, the T.V. show "Sew Creative," and continues to lecture and teach nationally for shops, guilds and symposiums.
Darlene is widely known for her 1930s reproduction fabrics, known as the ΓÇ£GrannyΓÇ¥ lines; these were collections designed over the past seven years with Chanteclaire fabrics. As a textile historian, Darlene has a large collection of vintage fabrics and quilts from which she frequently draws inspiration for her designs. Little Darlings, Clothesline Prints and Prima Cotton Solids were the first of DarleneΓÇÖs collections to be producted in coordination with Robert Kaufman Fabrics. 