Produced, engineered, performed, mixed and mastered by Jordon Zadorozny at French Kiss Studios, Pembroke, ON, Canada. 
Artwork by Brock Vincion Sharp.


Blinker the Star is a Canadian indie rock band, originally from Pembroke, Ontario, Canada. Band leader Jordon Zadorozny is known for having cowritten songs with Courtney Love. Other notable musicians that have appeared on Blinker the Star albums include one of Jordon's childhood heroes Lindsey Buckingham, Leland Sklar, Ken Andrews, and many others.

After their first release, they moved to Montreal. On the strength of favourable reviews for their self-titled independent debut in 1993, which featured complex, hard guitar pounding riffs mixed with softer, melancholy based tracks, the band released two albums on major labels in the United States, and was widely promoted as a potential "next big thing" in alternative rock. However, the genre's commercial appeal was already beginning to fade when the band's major label debut, A Bourgeois Kitten, was released in 1996. Consequently, commercial success never materialized for the band. However, songs from the 1999 release August Everywhere, particularly "Below the Sliding Doors", enjoyed considerable airplay on Canadian radio stations such as 102.1 The Edge; the album was number 89 on The Edge's top 102 albums of 1999.[1] After being dropped from DreamWorks Records, the band re-emerged in 2003 with Still in Rome. Following this release, the band went on hiatus for nearly a decade, then returned with the album We Draw Lines in the spring of 2012.

Review:

Let’s face facts here: there are some artists and bands that we just trust more than others.  For better or for worse, these are the groups that we give a little more leeway to when it comes to their craft because we know that the payoff will be there at the end.  If you don’t believe me, I’ll provide an example.  ”Future Fires,” the new single from Ontario outfit Blinker the Star, has something of an auspicious start.  The flangy, chorus guitar effect that the group employs on it’s earliest chords is not a sound that I’ve ever possessed much affinity for.  Chances are that my perception of the rest of the song to follow would be much different if it were by most other artists, but not here.  Why?  Because I trust Jordon Zadorozny, plain and simple.

The group’s captain since their founding in 1993, Zadorozny is another one of those artists who has cast a hundred little shadows over the face of the music industry during the last twenty years.  Every project that he has had a hand in, whether as a performer or on the production/engineering side of the equation, has left the studio sounding much better than it would have without him.  So it was both surprising and exciting when Zadorozny resurrected the Blinker the Star moniker with last year’s We Draw Lines (their first album in a decade), and the band’s continuing output seems to indicate that they are back for good.

Going back to “Future Fires,”  the flangy, chorused guitar lines soon take a back seat to poppy layers of synth washes, electronic programming, and well placed drumming that in typical Zadorozny-project fashion come colliding together with near perfect balance.  Meanwhile, the vocals are subtle without getting lost in the mix, and the incorporation of vocal harmonies folded into each other helps to firmly set this song apart.  The result is a surprisingly infectious song that more than rewards a listener’s early patience.  The amalgam of sound that Zadorozny and company construct is just catchy enough to sear itself into your mind, so if you’re not careful you might just end up rolling this melody around your head for the rest of the day.       -Chris Kubak