I am releasing the entire set of The Self-Realization Fellowship Lessons that I found on the internet. Being very interested in learning Kriya Yoga after reading Paramahansa Yogananda’s book, Autobiography of a Yogi several times, I was delighted to find that the Self-Realization Fellowship offered lessons online at a low cost. From their website:

  “The Self-Realization Fellowship Lessons are unique among Paramahansa Yogananda’s published writings in that they give his step-by-step instructions in the yoga techniques of meditation, concentration, and energization that he taught, including Kriya Yoga.”

Despite the low cost of the lessons, which are less than $100.00, the entire course will take three and a half years to complete, which is a significant amount of time commitment. I had a number of questions that I wanted addressed before I made a commitment like that, but sadly SRF does not seem to respond to inquiries made on their website question form and it is the only contact information other than a telephone number and an address for snail mail.

Not receiving a reply to my questions, I searched the internet and really didn't find anyone who had taken the course and posted their thoughts on it. Then I found the entire course as a pdf file, which I have made this torrent of. The reason I am releasing the entire course as a torrent is because, after reading through the 1,372 pages, it becomes glaringly obvious that this is not, in any way, a course in Kriya Yoga at all, but is nothing more than rambling bits and pieces from  Paramahansa Yogananda’s books and lectures and is in fact, simply theological philosophies. There is no real technique being taught here.  Flowery daily affirmations is not what SRF leads one to believe is available on this course.

So, I am making these lessons available to all so that, before someone commits to three years of their life with the hope of learning genuine Kryia Yoga practices, they may see for themselves what the lessons cover. 