I'll Do It My Way: The Incredible Journey Of Aamir Khan
by Christina Daniels
Om Books International | February 2012 | ISBN-10: 9380069227 | PDF | 280 pages | 9.16 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Ill-Do-My-Way-Incredible/dp/9380069227
scanned to PDF by me.

In contemporary Indian cinema, Aamir Khan has always taken the lesstrodden path, and also delivered box-office hits.
Known for his selection of films, he has constantly re-invented himself, and re-defined the approach to filmmaking within the Hindi film industry over the last two decades. I ll Do It My Way: The Incredible Journey of Aamir Khan is a filmography that presents Aamir s evolution as an actor, focusing on 21 landmark films. It retraces Aamir s rise to stardom as an actor with a difference, who broke new ground as a director and a producer. Aamir s story is told through interviews and research of press coverage from the last 20 years, including perspectives from directors, co-stars and other colleagues Mansoor Khan, Aditya Bhattacharya, Asif Noor, Indra Kumar, Mahesh Bhatt, Dharmesh Darshan, Nandita Das, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, Ronnie Screwvala, AR Murugadoss, Asin, Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Raj Kumar Hirani who have collaborated with him over the last two decades in his landmark films. Together, they have recreated a multi-dimensional cinematic portrait of an unparalleled Indian actor.

CONTENTS
The Early Years 1
A Star is Born 12
Break away' Cinema 41
A Star is Made 57
Cinema With a Difference 94
Icon, Iconoclast 102
When Things Fall Apart 119
Cinema for Change 124
The Superstar 152
The Eternal Sunrise 176
Epilogue 192
Filmograpby 196
Awards and Honours 209
Unforgettable Melodies 212
Acknowledgements 220

About the Author
CHRISTINA DANIELS is a writer, photographer and communications professional. She writes fiction, non-fiction and poetry. She is also involved with print journalism, training, new media, e-learning, corporate communication, developmental communication and research. She holds a Master s in New Media from the London School of Economics and Political Science. Currently, Christina works as Corporate Communications Advisor for a leading global technology company. She is also a cinema columnist for Citizen Matters in Bangalore.