This torrent fills a request for binderguy1 and Ogurek4. I really didn't compile this torrent, someone posted it on Demonoid last year. All I did was download it and add the final two issues. Enjoy one of my favorite series ... even if it did take 21 years to get 44 issues!

The original Dark Horse issues are represented here as the 6-volume trade paperback set, while the recent IDW storylines are single issues.

Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB! All credit goes to the original scanners and the original uploader.  --STFmaryville

------

From Wikipedia:

Next Men is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne. The first volume of the series was published by Dark Horse Comics between 1991 and 1995. A nine issue miniseries was published by IDW Publishing in 2010 and 2011, followed by another five issues titled Next Men: Aftermath in 2012.

The Next Men made a prototypical appearance as "Freaks" in a lithography plate that was published within the History of the DC Universe Portfolio in 1986. Byrne had originally pitched the series to DC, but for some reason it never surfaced. With some changes, Byrne changed the concept to fit in with his work on the graphic novel 2112 (itself a reworked portion of the Stan Lee project that eventually became "Marvel 2099") to become the John Byrne's Next Men series. Two characters from the "Freaks" artwork somewhat retained their physical looks and became the lead characters of the Next Men series: heroine Jasmine and villain Aldus Hilltop.

The Next Men officially debuted in a four-part storyline in Dark Horse Presents #54-57 (later reprinted, in color, as John Byrne's Next Men #0). The series ran until issue #30 and ended with a cliffhanger. In addition to exploring mature topics such as sex, abortion, and child abuse, Byrne also set aside some of the more traditional conventions of the medium, such as "thought-bubbles" and sound-effects.

Byrne had intended to conclude the story in a second series after a six-month hiatus, but the collapse of the American comic book industry in the mid-1990s made it financially unfeasible.

On October 12, 2007, Byrne announced on his website that comic publisher IDW would release black & white reprints of the Next Men series sometime in 2008, with the first collection released in May 2008.

In an interview with IDW appearing in the publisher's April 2008 comic books, when asked about the possibility of a new Next Men series, Byrne answered, "If it looks like Next Men can be done as something other than a vanity project, I will certainly do it. The series has a definite ending -- I even know the last line! -- and I would very much like to shake those 20 or so issues out of my head someday!"

At the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con International, Byrne revealed that he was creating new issues of JBNM to be published by IDW. The new series was both a continuation of the previous series as well as a place for new readers to discover the characters.

It was announced in February 2011 that Byrne would finish the Next Men series with issue #9 of the new series, but a final chapter titled Next Men: Aftermath (and numbered #40-44) immediately followed.

------

Project Next Men had one goal: to create superhumans. The project used babies who were given up for adoption by single mothers. The children were experimented on and grew to maturity in a lab, while in their minds they experienced an idyllic virtual reality world.

Eventually five of these "Next Men" manage to escape from confinement, but once free they find that their powers are greatly enhanced from the way they worked in their virtual world...