The 7th letter of the Hebrew AlephBeit is the Zayin. The Zayin is a weapon.

Remembering the Torah is a great spiritual weapon to be used in spiritual warfare!

John 15:26 But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me:

He sent Him to the poor man behind the closed door of the Dalet:

If the poor man opens the door, receiving the truth of the Gospel, the Breath of God represented by the letter Hey enters in and brings life. He then becomes a true man, represented by the letter Vav a new creation. Now connected to both heaven and earth. Now this new man needs to be equipped for the battles that lie ahead. So he is given the Spirit of God, his weapon, represented by the letter Zayin, the number 7.

Deuteronomy 32:7,8 Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy father, and he will shew thee; thy elders, and they will tell thee. When the most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel.
2142 zaw-kar' a primitive root; properly, to mark (so as to be recognized), i.e. to remember; by implication, to mention;
2163 zaw-man' a primitive root; to fix (a time):--appoint.

As a sword it divides time:
Week of days to Shabbat
Week of weeks/days to Shavuot
Week of months ΓÇô Feasts 1st thru 7th month
Week of years/shemittah
Week of weeks/years
Week of years/Jubilee
Week of Milleniums ΓÇô Adam to Abraham to Yeshua to Now
Weeks of Years/Daniels 490yrs

All the El Shaddai videos and notes are FREE to anyone by going to the El Shaddai ministries website.Then scroll down and click on ARCHIVES.Then you look through the past teaching.It takes some searching.DL's are faster at their site.

Make a copy of the El Shaddai notes, they go along with the video.The other video offers some info. But El Shaddai is the best source to use.If you don't have time to watch the video- Look at all the slides and then listen to the mp3 while on the go.

 I am just trying to make it easier for more people to share this information. I encourage you to seed this and share with others. Support El Shaddai ministries, if you can. There are services every Saturday that are live streamed on the Web. They can later be downloaded.  


Please leave a comment if you find these lessons helpful.If there is interest, I will add more lessons. 

There are dark days coming to this world. We have nothing to fear in this world if we place our faith and will in the hand of God. Yeshua will be our covering. We must be a blessing to Israel for God to bless us. Be weary of people who think they have replaced the Jews or want to persecute the Jews.		

		