Tomb Raider: Underworld is the eighth instalment of the Tomb Raider series, following character Lara Croft. The story continues from the events in Tomb Raider: Legend as a direct sequel, but also addresses unexplained plot elements by association with Tomb Raider: Anniversary. Underworld was released by Eidos Interactive for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC, in North America on 18 November 2008, Europe on 21 November 2008 and Australia on 5 December 2008. It is the third game in the series to be developed by Crystal Dynamics and is also the first Tomb Raider game to be released on the PlayStation 3. Developers implemented new features into the gameplay, such as the dual-target feature and an upgraded inventory system, using an Active Sonar map and a multi-purpose grappling hook. The game also features a hint system and a new melee combat system where Lara has the ability to battle her opponents using punches, kicks and grapple pulls. Downloadable content was also released exclusively for the Xbox 360, where the player takes control of Lara and her doppelgänger in two new chapters.
Underworld received mostly positive reviews for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC versions. Critics generally praised the environments, Lara's motion captured movements, story, puzzles, exploration, graphics and the less linear style of gameplay, although some criticism was directed at its "haywire" camera angles and "dodgy" combat system. The PlayStation 2 and Wii versions received mostly moderate to negative reviews. Most cited them as having medium to poor graphics; being oversimplified; "dumbed" down; and bugged, especially the PlayStation 2 version. On 27 February 2009, Eidos announced that the game had sold around 2.6 million copies worldwide. On 22 May 2009, Tomb Raider: Underworld was re-released as part of the Xbox Classics and Platinum Range lines for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, respectively.[ Underworld, along with Legend and Anniversary, was included in the The Tomb Raider Trilogy compilation, which was released in March 2011 for the PlayStation 3. In the end of 2011, Tomb Raider: Underworld was offered for free to PlayStation Plus members.

Instructions:
  
   1º Mount the ISO with PowerISO, Daemon Tools or other mounting tool.
             
   2º install the game
             
   3º copy the crack that is inside on the iso to the game directory.
           
   4º enjoy!

if you have questions just ask me and i will help you.

