Return to Paradise (1998) [DVDRip][DUAL]
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0124595/ 
http://www.cineol.net/pelicula/1956_Regreso-al-Paraiso

Quality: DVDRip
Format: Avi
Video: XVID MPEG-4, 720x302
Audio 1: English AC3
Audio 2: AC3 Spanish in Spain
Size: 1.02 GB

Original Title: Return to Paradise
Year: 1998
Genre: Drama
Country: United States
Duration: 111 minutes
Director: Joseph Ruben
Cast: Vince Vaughn, Anne Heche, Joaquin Phoenix, David Conrad, Jada Pinkett Smith, Vera Farmiga
Production: Alain Bernheim / Steve Golin
Writer: Wesley Strick / Bruce Robinson
Picture: Reynaldo Villalobos
Music: Mark Mancina

Synopsis
---------
Three friends Sheriff, Tony and Lewis. Sojourn in Malaysia. There are fun, sleeping with native, drinking, smoking hashish in abundance, etc.

There comes a time to say goodbye. Sheriff and Tony return to Brooklyn, while Lewis, Greenpeace activist, decides to stay and become part of a protection group of orangutans. Their paths diverge there.

Two years later, Sheriff remains in Brooklyn limousine and chauffeur, while Tony continues his promising career as an architect.
But will their lives turned upside down when a lawyer, Beth, go to them with a story that will pose a dilemma that each of them will settle according to their conscience. Lewis is the friend who left in Malaysia. Contrary to what you might imagine, Lewis never got to realize his plans, but, shortly after the departure of his friends, the police went to the house they were in the jungle and finding the hashish abundant there had a group of friends for simple fun, arrested Lewis. Since then, he has spent the last two years imprisoned in a Malaysian prison. Behold the terrible news that both puzzled as to Sheriff Tony. And here's the dilemma: either go to Malaysia to accept their share of responsibility, being considered trafficker, from holding more than one hundred grams of drugs, according to Malaysian law. Lewis will be hanged within eight days. If attending both, each will serve three years in prison, if you do just one, will be six, if none comes, his friend die.