FAQ - discography

Genre: Rock / Punk / Alternative | | Country: Russia | | Year :: 2004-2007 | | Format: MP3 | | Audio Bitrate: 192-320kBit / s

Additional Information:

Group history:
2001. The first year of the new millennium. Pate, after leaving his previous band, decides to put together a team that plays hard, straight music. Style of the new collective Pate describes as hardcore. It's the kind of music that does not matter how many strings on your guitar, what kind of sound do you use, in which you play structure. Important sincerely, using to the full all the feelings and energy, to convey to the listener what you mean.

FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions - Frequently Asked Questions) began with the vocals and the rhythm section: Renat Koneshov - bass (Heymaker, Broken), Anatoly Pugach - drums (Zdob si Zdub) and Pate - vocals. The first songs were made with the assistance of Dan Burimov (Bok) and Albert Ismagilov (Va-Bank) as guitarists. In summer 2001, their place was taken by Alex Chepurko. The young musician had just arrived from his native city of Barnaul, and never played heavy music. Despite this, with the arrival of Alexis began the most creatively successful period FAQ - made the concert program and as a result, held the first concert. The debut performance was not advertised in any way. The audience, which came at the beginning of September 2001 on the anniversary of the ska-punk band Distemper, was surprised when their drummer Bai came out and announced the FAQ. Many were saying that our music is far from ska, and the sudden appearance would be detrimental to the evening. In fact, everything turned out differently - in 10 minutes after we started, the audience has already jumped off the stage and shouted choruses of the songs.

Even before the first performances of the participants decided to end FAQ uphold strict position regarding participation in various events: We will play only where we want and on the conditions that will fully satisfy us. In connection with this FAQ almost did not play - the organizers were afraid of the new group. But it did not affect the development team.

In winter 2002 FAQ recorded their first demo material, made the first professional photo shoot, took part in a private concert at the request of the friendly organization Greenpeace.

In the summer of 2002 FAQ began to reap the fruits of their intolerance to the quality of the organization of concerts in Russia. Instead, small clubs, they performed at the festival Invasion. Critics have responded positively to more than the appearance of the musicians and the audience once again proved that needs new artists and heavy sound. After the festival, a permanent concert sound engineer group was Gubenko Daria, who worked with musicals Metro, Notre Dame De Paris.

In February 2003 FAQ performed in Moscow and St. Petersburg, together with groups of Soulfly and Psyche. During the execution of Soulfly Pain Pate sang songs with Max Cavalera (Max Cavalera) party Chino Moreno (Deftones), while Pain, in consultation with the leader of Soulfly, was performed in Russian. We moved the party Moreno on Russian language when traveling from St. Petersburg to Moscow. Max then liked the idea that a part of this sad and at the same time a terrible song would have sounded in Russian.

At the same time, the group changed guitarist. In place of Alexei Chepurko came Valentin Astashin (Ninos de Venganga), known in Moscow, his unconventional approach to possession of an instrument. The first concert with it held 10 June 2003 in the Palace of Culture. Gorbunov, together with a group of Disturbed. Came the first fan site FAQ, which gave rise to the opening of the official website of the Internet, where there is a lot of information about the FAQ section and a personal Pate - Hardcore'll Neva Die.

In the summer of musicians re-recorded demo material, made a sound engineer Paul Cousin (drummer Bravo). We did predstudiynuyu entry to, analyzing it, to continue working in the studio more efficiently. Pavel Kuzin the one we need, on the one hand, it is not messing nu-metal nd and youth snobbery, on the other - he is well aware of the problems the recording process in Russia.

From late 2003 until the summer of 2004 in the life of FAQ following events occur: the group gives the song Frequently Asked Questions on the soundtrack for the feature film Boomer, the band's music is used in the documentary film 007, devoted to Russian snowboarders. The group joins another guitarist - Dmitry Sobinyakov. Concert sound becomes heavier, the new composition demonstrates its spring Red-Club (St. Petersburg) at the presentation of Jane Air. Young audience that came to listen to broken post-grunge, shocked by the FAQ. It's time to release the album. From May to August 2004 on PC Records recorded the album in September, it is the reduction of the studio SIM Records. Mastering is the studio Cutting Room (Sweden), one of Europe's leading experts in this field - Engelmannom Bjorn (Bjorn Engelmann), known for his work with Clawfinger, Meshuggah, Rammstein, The Cardigans, Cher and Aqua. Among the large number of proposals from producing labels FAQ opt for FeeLee Records as the company that pioneered the movement Learn to swim, provided substantial support for the development of the Russian heavy alternative scene and became the flagship of independent music 10 years ago, releasing Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds, Depeche Mode and Prodigy.

Igor Thin (Director FeeLee Records): I am very honored to be chosen Artist FeeLee Records, having competitive offers from other companies, including those containing significant advances, which is often seen as a necessary and sufficient condition. Nice to deal with the thinking of the artist. I believe that this album is an example of creativity out of time, fashion and market conditions. It is reminiscent of the good movement Learn to Swim, demonstrating a sincere and uncompromising approach to creativity. It was worth the stop for the sake of a two-year break in the publishing FeeLee Records.

The album release Frequently Asked Questions - November 2004.
Presentation of the album - November 26th, 2004 at CDK MAI.

Information about files:
Both albums received from lossless using: foobar + Lame 3.98.2. This is the maximum that can be squeezed out of the mp3.
All tracks have adequate Tags