How to Create a Slut (2013) (03.04.13) 640X352

I made this video myself.  The subject matter is the sexualiztion of children and teenagers through the mainstream media.  There is some nudity, sexual content, suggestive scenes, possible strong language.

Length: 1:38:58
Data Rate: 986 kbps

Check out my youtube channel.  

Here's a list of videos used for this project

Channel 4 -The Joy of Teen Sex (2011)  
The Joy of Teen Sex is a British television show on Channel 4 that delves into the world of teenagers and sex. This includes sexual experiences, sexual health, trends and relationship issues. The first series ran from 19 January - 9 February 2011, and aired four episodes. The second series comprises six episodes and began on 27 October 2011

Channel 4 - Sex Education Show (2008-2011)
Hosted by straight-talking Anna Richardson, this six-part cross-platform series aims to tackle the nation's sexual ignorance and reticence by capturing a wide range of different personal experiences of sexual issues and problems, as well as offering candid advice.

BBC One - Panorama - Too Much Too Young (2011)
Provocative clothing, raunchy dancing on prime-time TV, access to pornography - Panorama examines the growing concern about the sexualisation of children in the UK. Sophie Raworth, a mother of three, goes behind the headlines to discover what images young people are being exposed to, and asks what impact the sexualised world is having on our children. Is too much, too young, putting them at risk?

Sexy Inc. Our Children Under Influence (2007)

BissonnetteΓÇÖs documentary analyzes the hypersexualization of our environment and its noxious effects on young people.
Psychologists, teachers and school nurses criticize the unhealthy culture surrounding our children, where marketing and advertising are targeting younger and younger audiences and bombarding them with sexual and sexist images.
Sexy Inc. suggests various ways of countering hypersexualization and the eroticization of childhood and invites us to rally against this worrying phenomenon.


