The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim RePack by RG Revenants

With High Resolution Texture Pack and DLC
Dawnguard
Heartfires
Dragonborn



Year: November 11, 2011
Genre: RPG / 3D / 1st Person / 3rd Person
Developer: Bethesda Game Studios
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
Publication Type: RePack
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Crack: enclosing (RELOADED)

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Operating system: Windows XP SP3 / Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: Dual Core processor with a clock frequency of 2.0 GHz
RAM: 2 GB
Video: 512 MB ??memory, compatible with DirectX 9.0c
Sound device: compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c
Hard disk space: 10.1 GB



After the assassination of King Skyrim empire to the brink of disaster. Around the pretenders to the throne rallied new alliances and conflict flared. In addition, as predicted by the ancient scrolls, returned to the world of the brutal and merciless dragon.Now the future of Skyrim and the whole empire depends on the Dragonborn - the man in whose veins flows the blood of the legendary creatures. This is the only hero,using his power granted by Voices, will be able to resist the dragons. And that you will have to play its role and determine the fate of Tamriel!

GAME FEATURES

Create a unique character and make a magical world all you want. Skyrim incorporated all the features of proprietary series The Elder Scrolls: freedom of choice, the opportunity to write the history of Tamriel itself and experience an unforgettable adventure. Skyrim developed a new game engine, allowing creators to implement a holistic world in which there was a place and rocky mountains, and bustling cities and fertile fields and ancient dungeons. Choose what is right for you, hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities.Fight the monsters that threaten the lands of Tamriel. Playing the role of Dragonborn, Learn the secrets of ancient heroes and finding peace of their power.

REPACK FEATURES

Do not recoded / no cut.
Game Version 1.8.151.0.7
DLC:
High Resolution Texture Pack
Dawnguard
Heartfires + crack text from ElderScrolls.net 1.2.1
Dragonborn + crack text from ElderScrolls.net 1.1
Installation time ~ 10-15 minutes.
RePack by RG Revenants