The Avengers and Philosophy: Earth's Mightiest Thinkers
mp3 + Epub

An engaging look at the philosophical underpinnings of Earth's Mightiest Heroes
Avengers assemble! Tackling intriguing dilemmas and issues that no single great philosopher can withstand, this powerful book enlists the brainpower of an A-list team of history's most prominent thinkers to explore the themes behind the action of Marvel Comics' all-star superhero team.

Arms you with new insights into the characters and themes of The Avengers
Deepens your appreciation both of The Avengers comics and the Joss Whedon movie adaptation
Answers the philosophical questions you've always had about Earth's Mightiest Heroes, including: Can a reformed criminal become a superhero? Can an android love a human? If a hero beats his wife, is he still a hero?
Helps you think differently about the members of the superhero teamΓÇöCaptain America, Iron Man, Thor, and the others
This thought-provoking book will help you understand this band of superheroes better, whether you've followed the Avengers for years or are a Joss Whedon fan just getting to know them.
Editorial Reviews
From the Back Cover
Can a reformed criminal become a superhero?

What are the military ethics of the Kree-Skrull war?

Is Hank Pym morally responsible for Ultron's behavior?

Can Kang really go back in time and kill himself?

Can an android love a human?

Avengers assemble! Confronting your most essential philosophical questions about Earth's Mightiest Heroes, this powerful book will vanquish any confusion you may have regarding the many issues and conflicts involving your favorite band of superheroes and their crime-fighting adventures. Enlisting the help of an A-list team of history's most prominent thinkers including Aristotle, John Locke, and Immanuel Kant, this book tackles the dilemmas no single great philosopher can withstand, whether in The Avengers comics, film, or animated television series. Armed with the insights and reflections of these formidable minds, you'll understand Captain America, Iron Man, Thor, and the other members of Marvel's all-star superhero team as never before, no matter where the quest for justice leads them next.

To learn more about the Blackwell Philosophy and Pop Culture series, visit www.andphilosophy.com

Product Details
Paperback: 240 pages
Publisher: Wiley; 1 edition (March 13, 2012)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1118074572
ISBN-13: 978-1118074572