
Like zombies? Love soccer? Well get your soccer gear on, ‘cause it’s time for PRO ZOMBIE SOCCER from Super Awesome Hyper-Dimensional Mega Team!

No one ever needed an excuse to go out and kill zombies. Or to kick a soccer ball around. But if you want an excuse to kick a soccer ball into space, realign an orbital weapons platform and launch a death-ray to explode the heads of the zombies sneaking into your soccer field – then THIS IS IT!

NON-STOP ACTION
Pro Zombie Soccer’s intuitive control system offers a torrent of incredibly deep, satisfying and addictive zombie-blasting action, from free kicks to full orbital assault! This is high-quality mobile gaming at its best.

BIG AND FUNNY
A horde of unique zombies; a locker full of cool abilities, combos and rewards; a laugh-out-loud twisted story that spans a series of varied, original and surprising levels ... you won’t want it to end! It’s lucky the game’s SO BIG.

STUNNING GRAPHICS
High-resolution visuals, fluid animations, and all the gore you’d expect from a zombie game! Incredible characters, environments and comic-style set-pieces draw you into a surreal, immersive world.

ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK
Beautiful graphics and addictive gameplay are accompanied by a full, powerful new soundtrack from Badolatomusic.

LEADERBOARD AND ACHIEVEMENTS THROUGH OPENFEINT
Unlock achievements, see how you stack up on global leaderboards, and play with friends!

Pro Zombie Soccer comes from a brand-new developer whose founders helped create the super-addictive classics ‘Plants vs. Zombies’ and ‘Worms’. Find out what the critics are raving about:

What's in this version:
1.2.4 Changes
- Improved audio handling
- Fixed typo in 3rd zombie power screen
- Fixed crash logging
- Full version now imports progress from demo version if demo version present on device upon install
- App now installs to SD card preferentially
*****
Pro Zombie Soccer Apocalypse Edition for tablets includes 3 awesome new modes!
- Sniper
- Odyssey Normal
- Odyssey Pro

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.supermegateam.prozombiesoccer


Instructions:

1.Install APK
2.Copy 'com.supermegateam.prozombiesoccer' folder to 'sdcard/Android/Obb'
3.Launch the game
