  The Black Keys - Brothers (2010) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 2010
  Duration: 55:27 
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Alternative, Indie Rock
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 2,800 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz

  Hannl"limited" Record Cleaning Machine with Rotating Brush
  TT: Bergmann Audio "Magne"
  Tonearm: Bergmann Magne (tangential air-bearing tonearm)
  Cartridge: Ortofon MC A 90
  Phono Amp: Nagra BPS (100 Ohm load)
  Interconnects by Silent Wire (NF-7)
  Benchmark ADC 1 USB
  Interconnects by VIA Blue (XLR & USB-Cable)
  AC connects by Goldkabel
  Wavelab 6.1 recording software (recording & manual click removal)
  iZotope RX Advanced 2.0 (resampling & audio restoration)
  Traders Little Helper (SBE fix on 16/44.1)
  Vacuum Cleaning &gt; Bergmann Magne &gt; Nagra BPS &gt; PC &gt; Wavelab 6.1 (24/96) &gt; manual click removal
  analyze (no clipping, no DC Bias offset) &gt; split into individual Tracks &gt; FLAC encoded (Vers. 1.21)
  No silence been removed, please burn gapless to match original tracklayout.

  01. Everlasting Light
  02. Next Girl
  03. Tighten Up
  04. Howlin’ for You
  05. She’s Long Gone
  06. Black Mud
  07. The Only One
  08. Too Afraid to Love You
  09. Ten Cent Pistol
  10. Sinister Kid
  11. The Go Getter
  12. I’m Not the One
  13. Unknown Brother
  14. Never Gonna Give You Up
  15. These Days

  Retreating from the hazy Danger Mouse-fueled pot dream of Attack & Release, the Black Keys headed down to the legendary Muscle Shoals, recording their third album on their own and dubbing it Brothers. The studio, not to mention the artwork patterned after such disregarded Chess psychedelic-era relics as This Is Howlin’ Wolf’s New Album, are good indications that the tough blues band of the Black Keys earliest records is back, but the group hasn’t forgotten what they’ve learned in their inwardly psychedelic mid-period. Brothers still can get mighty trippy -- the swirling chintzy organ that circles “The Only One,” the Baroque harpsichord flair of “Too Afraid to Love You” -- but the album is built with blood and dirt, so its wilder moments remain gritty without being earthbound. Sonically, that scuffed-up spaciness -- the open air created by the fuzz guitars and phasing, analog keyboards, and cavernous drums -- is considerably appealing, but the Black Keys' ace in the hole remains the exceptional songwriting that Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney are so good at. They twist a Gary Glitter stomp into swamp fuzz blues, steal a title from Archie Bell & the Drells but never reference that classic Tighten Up groove, and approximate a slow ‘60s soul crawl on “Unknown Brother” before following it up with a version of Jerry Butler’s “Never Gonna Give You Up,” and it’s nearly impossible to tell which is the cover. And that’s the great thing about the Black Keys in general and Brothers in particular: the past and present intermingle so thoroughly that they blur, yet there’s no affect, just three hundred pounds of joy.