Published: 27th March, 2013

Cover Details:
Zombo Reborn
Henry Flint (Cover Artist)

Content Details:

Cypher
Judge Dredd // Cypher (Part: 2)
Mega-City One, 2130 AD. This vast urban nightmare on the east coast of post-apocalyptic North America is home to 400 million citizens, every one a potential criminal. With lawlessness rife, only the Judges can prevent total anarchy. These future lawmen are judge, jury and executioner. Toughest of them all is Judge Dredd - he is the Law!

The Copper Conspiracy
Dandridge // The Copper Conspiracy (Part: 2)
Another Britain, 1981. Following the Victorian Spiritualist movementΓÇÖs ability to capture otherworldly beings, the economy is built on spectre-trading. Spartacus DANDRIDGE was a ghostfinder at the turn of the century until he was shot dead. His spirit held captive for decades, he escaped, returned to corporeality and made his way home to his mansion, where he lives with his fanatically loyal and mute manservant Shelley.

Survival Geeks
Tharg's 3rillers Present // Survival Geeks (Part: 2)
Three episodes, one complete, self-contained story - a condensed hit of super-charged Thrill-power beamed to you directly from the Nerve Centre! Cosmo Nibs is a notorious grifter, his scams aided by the voice chip he has in his possession with which he can persuade anyone of anything he says. But Nibs is about to have a very bad day, and things are only going to get worse...

Number of the Beast
Stickleback // Number of the Beast (Part: 2)
London, the end of the nineteenth century. STICKLEBACK is a master criminal, pulling the strings amidst the denizens of the capital's underworld, and leads a gang of freaks, oddballs and semi-supernatural entities that have got the city under their thumb.

Planet Zombo
Zombo // Planet Zombo (Part: 1)
A Government-run Earth, the far future (trust your Government). An experiment in mixing human and zombie DNA, ZOMBO was created in an attempt to control the sentient Deathworlds - obedient, docile and friendly, his hunger for flesh is his only vice. When the ship he was being transported on crash-landed on the lethal planet of Chronos, Zombo escaped from his Government handlers, and his widely broadcast adventures have turned him into a media celebrity!
