True Blood S06E01 XviD [JKS]
-----

-----
Video
XviD
Encode Information
Length: 00:54:02
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 402
Data rate: 1155kbps
Total bitrate: 1283kbps
Frame rate: 29 frames/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bite Rate:
Channels: 2 stereo
Audio sample rate 48kHz
-----
Official Site: http://www.hbo.com/true-blood/index.html
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/True_Blood
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844441/
-----
In a world where vampires have "come out of the coffin", Sookie Stackhouse, a telepathic waitress, discovers a new world of different creatures when she meets Bill Compton, a vampire.

True Blood is an American television drama series created and produced by Alan Ball. It is based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries series of novels by Charlaine Harris, detailing the co-existence of vampires and humans in Bon Temps, a fictional, small town in northwestern Louisiana. The series centers on the adventures of Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a telepathic waitress with an otherworldly quality.

The show is broadcast on the premium cable network HBO in the United States. It is produced by HBO in association with Ball's production company, Your Face Goes Here Entertainment. It premiered on September 7, 2008. The series has received critical acclaim and won several awards, including a Golden Globe and an Emmy. 

This sixth season of the HBO supernatural drama series True Blood will have an abbreviated run of ten episodes, as opposed to the usual twelve, partially to accommodate the pregnancy of lead actress Anna Paquin as well as due to economic factors.
-----
True Blood Season 6 Episode 1
Title: Who are you. Really?   Directed by: Stephen Moyer   Written by: Raelle Tucker   Original air date: June 16, 2013
.
Sookie, Eric and the others must flee the Authority compound after Bill's reincarnation while Sam, Luna and Emma try to avoid swarming guards. Alcide learns the pros and cons of his new job. Andy deals with the strains of supernatural parenthood.
