Music Alarm Pro

Music Alarm Pro is a professional Music Alarm Clock that uses your favorite songs or videos as the alarm sound. With this Music Alarm Clock software, you can set an infinite number of alarms, you can give yourself reminders of important events; or wake up by your favorite music. You will feel much better when you be reminded by your favorite music or video clip.

This Music Alarm Clock is very customizable and easy to handle. You can set as many alarms as you want, edit or delete the alarm according to your needs, choose the music according to your need and style. With this fancy Music Alarm Clock tool you can also add a brief description of the task to remind or use the built-in play list editor to edit your own play list.

Try Music Alarm Pro now, set one of your favorite songs as an alarm! Wouldn't it be great to wake up in the morning and start a day with your favorite song!

Key Features

Support most audio and video formats
This Music Alarm Clock supports all kinds of audio and video file formats. Support audio & video formats include MP3, AAC, OGG, WMA, MPEG, AVI(MPEG4), WMV, Rmvb, M2TS, MOV, M4V, FLV, and so on.

Professional Settings

This Music Alarm Clock applicition provides plenty of professional settings. You can set as many alarms as you need each with its own playlist, use the built-in play list editor to edit your own play list, delete the alarm according to your needs, set alarm volume fade-in and fade-out, add a brief description of the task to remind.

Easy to use

Music Alarm Pro has a straightforward, user-friendly interface with easily navigable buttons for setting your alarms and managing your audio playlists.

Supports Fade in and Fade Out function!

The gentle-wake feature will gradually increase the volume to ensure a gentle and certain awakening. Oppositely, the fade out function is good for a lullaby.

System Requirements:

Windows XP / vista / 7 / 2000 or higher
Intel? processor
512MB RAM
100MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
DVD-ROM drive

Homepage: http://www.xfreesoft.com/music-alarm-pro.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.