English | CBZ | 5 Issues

Owly Vol. 1-5
Publisher:  Top Shelf Productions
Publication Date:  September 15, 2004 - October 8, 2008

By Andy Runton

Owly Vol. 1: The Way Home & The Bittersweet Summer
Owly is a kind, yet lonely, little owl who's always on the search for new friends and adventure. The first graphic novel in the series contains two enchanting novellas, "The Way Home" & "The Bittersweet Summer," wherein Owly discovers the meaning of friendship, and that saying goodbye doesn't always mean forever. Relying on a mixture of symbols, icons, and expressions to tell his silent stories, Runton's clean, animated, and heartwarming graphic novels have become modern classics.

Owly Vol. 2: Just A Little Blue
The second graphic novel in the breakout, all-ages series, Owly. In Just a Little Blue, Owly learns that sometimes you have to make sacrifices and work at things that are important, especially friendship. Already winning fans around the world, Owly is not to be missed.

Owly Vol. 3: Flying Lessons
The third graphic novel in the breakout all-ages series Owly. In Flying Lessons Owly learns that everyone is special and it's okay to be different. Already winning fans around the world Mike Bullock of Broken Frontier says that not only is Owly 'the single most charming graphic novel' he's ever read but that the 'stories will appeal to anyone who has ever experienced loneliness heartache true friendship or the sense of achievement one experiences when overcoming obstacles to do the right thing.' And Lee Atchison of Sequential Tart described Owly as 'one of those comics that I always wish for always search for but rarely find.'

Owly Vol. 4: A Time to Be Brave
The fourth graphic novel in the award winning, all-ages series, tells of a new visitor to the forest. He may be misunderstood because of how he looks, but things aren't always what they seem, and everyone soon learns that a little bravery and a lot of friendship can fix just about anything. Relying on a mixture of symbols, icons, and expressions to tell his silent stories, Andy Runton's clean, animated, and heartwarming style makes it a perfect read for anyone who's a fan of Jeff Smith's Bone or Mike Kunkel's Herobear and the Kid. Already winning fans around the world, Owly is not to be missed.

Owly Vol. 5: Tiny Tales
The fifth graphic novel in the amazing all-ages OWLY series, TINY TALES, collects the very first out-of-print OWLY stories from the original mini-comics, as well as the out-of-print Free Comic Book Day stories SPLASHIN' AROUND, BREAKIN' THE ICE, and HELPING HANDS, and also includes lots of cool bonus material, including a Sketchbook Section as well as a "How To Draw Owly" Section. This is a perfect graphic novel to complete your OWLY collection and make sure you have every OWLY story ever told on your bookshelf. ... Relying on a mixture of symbols, icons, and expressions to tell his silent stories, Andy Runton's clean, animated, and heartwarming style makes it a perfect read for anyone who's a fan of Jeff Smith's Bone or Dave Pilkey's Captain Underpants. Don't miss the latest big thing in graphic novels!

Thanks goes to Nothing for this release.