#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-17-13
Host: 	George Knapp
Guests: 	Dr. Melba S. Ketchum, Lynne D. Kitei M.D.

In the first half, Dr. Melba S. Ketchum joined George Knapp to discuss the official release of her DNA analysis of possible Bigfoot hair samples. Her publication titled "Novel North American Hominin" is available for paid download through the DeNovo Journal. Ketchum's findings were based on the analysis of 111 samples of blood, tissue, hair, and related materials sent in to her lab by Sasquatch researchers and eyewitnesses. Mitochondrial DNA testing revealed that the hair was human in origin, yet a forensic hair specialist examined the specimens and declared them to be novel-- "it was not human hair and didn't match any of his animal knowns it was tested against," he told her.

When it came to testing the nuclear DNA of the samples "we started getting really strange results," she said, "with weird looking bands that were all different sizes." One testing facility reported that the sequences didn't match anything in the GenBank database. Ketchum has concluded that the creatures are either derived from humans and mutated excessively, or some type of hybrid. Further, she believes them to be a fairly modern species, paralleling humans in the last 13,000 years. She also suggested that there were some 16 different subtypes of Bigfoot, typically associated with different regions. For more, check out the recap of her 12/23/12 show appearance.

--------------------------------------------

In the latter half, primary investigator of the Phoenix Lights phenomenon, Dr. Lynne Kitei, recounted the dramatic events that took place on March 13, 1997, as well as evidence that similar sightings took place before the incident. In the March 13th incident, there were many types of anomalous aerial objects seen over Arizona (chronicled on this page), but it's uncertain if what was witnessed was a parade of craft or the same craft seen from different perspectives, she explained. Additionally, that night, commercial airline pilots reported seeing a huge unexplained craft over Las Vegas, and "at 3AM, as the sightings were continuing...there was a call from an alleged crewman from Luke AFB to the National UFO Reporting Center, reporting in great detail...that one of these massive objects was hovering right over the center or Phoenix," she said.

Kitei herself saw unexplained oval-shaped "orbs" in the sky two months before the Phoenix Lights, on January 23, 1997. She spoke with air traffic controllers at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, who told her they saw the same thing at the same time. They said the phenomena appeared at about 1,000 ft. altitude over Class D restricted airspace, which would necessitate a pilot communicating with them, but no one did. The orbs did not show up in radar, but in viewing them with high-powered binoculars, they described six equidistant points of light, with a massive span over a mile wide that seemed to be attached to something. They were also two events on March 12th 1997 over the Navajo Nation involving a delta-shaped object, and huge orbs that changed colors, as well as a mass sighting (similar to the Phoenix Lights) in St. Petersburg, Russia in February 1997, she detailed..
Website(s):

    dnadiagnostics.com
    thephoenixlights.net

Video(s):

    The Phoenix Lights

Book(s):

    The Phoenix Lights

