MasterChef Australia The Professionals Series 1 Episode 4

ItΓÇÖs a recipe like no other. Take the greatest elements of MasterChef Australia you know and love, add an international host, a cravat or two, a brand new, state-of-the-art commercial kitchen, a 120-seat restaurant, and lay it all out on the table for 18 chefs at the top of their game from all over the country.

MasterChef: The Professionals will see these qualified chefs competing in the toughest cooking environment in Australia.

The contestants will be guided by acclaimed chef Marco Pierre White. Having had some of the world's most successful chefs in his kitchens ΓÇô including Gordon Ramsay and Australia's own Shannon Bennett and Curtis Stone ΓÇô White will challenge, inspire and mentor the 18 professionals. By his side, ensuring that no element of the dish goes unnoticed, will be MasterChef AustraliaΓÇÖs perennial favourite, esteemed food critic Matt Preston.

Be prepared to meet some of the country's most innovative and exciting chefs, competing to win a career-defining, money-can't buy experience.

For these qualified chefs, food is their world, their passion, their love. From all walks of life, each chef has their own unique food story and culinary background to bring to the table.

Filmed in Melbourne and produced by Shine Australia, MasterChef: The Professionals will bring some fresh elements to the MasterChef Australia format.

It will build on the foundations of MasterChef Australia, then turn it on its head. While viewers will still see some of their favourite challenges and guest chefs, the experience and competition will be intensified. These are professional chefs and the challenges they will face reflect their experience. For viewers, that leaves only one thing to do: prepare to be taken to a whole new level.

In a MasterChef Professionals first, the Re-Invention Test gives contestants the opportunity to cook a classic dish but as the name suggests, it's re-invention not recreation that is the key. 

