DVD 59 minutes with Companion Manual, 88 pages

Paul Wade's Convict Conditioning Prison Pushup Series explodes out of the cellblock to teach you in absolute detail how to progress from the ease of a simple wall pushup—to the stunning "1-in-10,000" achievement of the prison-style one-arm pushup. Ten progressive steps guide you to pushup mastery. Do it—and become a Pushup God.

This home-study course in ultimate survival strength comes replete with bonus material not available in Paul Wade's original Convict Conditioning book—and numerous key training tips that refine and expand on the original program.

A heavily and gorgeously-illustrated 80-plus-page manual gives you the entire film script to study at your leisure, with brilliant, precise photographs to remind you of the essential movements you absorbed in the DVD itself.

Your Roadmap to Physical Glory—One Step At a Time…
In Paul Wade’s Convict Conditioning system, no matter what kind of movement you’re working on, you focus on a chain of ten progressive exercises. When you master one exercise, you move on to the next, and so on. Because the later exercises build on the earlier ones, they are sometimes called the "ten steps". When you reach the tenth exercise, you will be just about as strong as it’s possible for a human being to be in that movement. For this reason, the tenth exercise in any chain is called the "Master Step". How this all works will be crystal clear if you’ve picked up a copy of the Convict Conditioning bodyweight book.

Why no self-respecting man will forego his pushups
Pushups are a critical part of any bodyweight training routine. Here’s why:

• The pushup is the best exercise there is for building strength and size in the pectorals—one of the real "workhorse" muscle groups of the torso.

•  The anterior deltoid, a major shoulder muscle, is connected to the pectoral and gets a hell of a workout from pushups as it transmits the force from the chest to the arms.  

•  Pushups also build big, strong triceps along the back of the arms. If you want big arms, you need to work your triceps, because it’s the biggest muscle of the arm—at least a third bigger than the biceps.  

•  Numerous other muscles have to work hard isometrically to lock you into position as you do your pushups. These muscles include the lats, the abs, the hips and the legs.  

•  Pushups also build functional strength. The muscles you use for throwing, pushing, and striking are pretty much the exact same muscles you are building when you work hard on your pushups. Unless you have great pushing strength in the torso, shoulders, triceps and elbows, you can’t be considered "strong".

Are you failing to become monstrously strong from pushups because of these mistakes?
Most athletes fail to become monstrously strong at pushup movements, because they only know two or three types of pushup; maybe classic pushups, kneeling pushups, and pushups with the feet up on something. Just having three exercises in your toolbox isn’t enough to allow you to maximize your potential. Paul Wade shows you ten different types of pushup, all given in order of difficulty. In fact, many of these steps contain further "hidden steps" within them—to keep you getting stronger for a lifetime.

In the strength game, fools rush in where angels fear to tread
The wise old Chinese man shouted to his rickshaw driver: "Slow down, young man, I’m in a hurry!" If ever a warning needed to be shouted to our nation of compulsive strength-addicts, this would be it. You see them everywhere: the halt, the lame, the jacked-up, the torn, the pain-ridden—the former glory-seekers who have been reduced to sad husks of their former selves by rushing helter-skelter into heavy lifting without having first built a firm foundation.

Paul Wade reveals the ten key points of perfect pushup form. The aspects of proper form apply to all your pushups, and they’ll not only unlock the muscle and power-building potential of each rep you do, but they’ll also keep you as safe as you can be. Bodyweight training is all about improving strength and health, not building up a list of injuries or aches and pains. They are so fundamental, we call them the Ten Commandments of good pushup form.

Obey the Ten Commandments, follow the brilliantly laid out progressions religiously and you simply CANNOT fail to get stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger—surely, safely and for as long as you live… 

Related Torrents: 
http://thepiratebay.se/search/convict%20conditioning/0/3/0
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/6493213/Convict_Conditioning
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/6795363/Convict_Conditioning_2_-_Paul_Wade