 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51fksMPXNWL.jpg


Side by Side Plus 3 - Life Skills, Standards, & Test Prep

Publisher: Pearson Education ESL; 3 edition
Steven J. Molinsky , Bill Bliss
2008
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0132402564
ISBN-13: 978-0132402569
PDF 
228 pages 
38.5 MB

Side by Side has helped over 25 million students worldwide persist and succeed as language learners. Now, in this special edition for adult learners in standards-based programs, Side by Side Plus builds students' general language proficiency and prepares them for their life-skill roles in the community, family, school, and at work. Easy-to-use teacher support materials include hundreds of multilevel activities and a wealth of supplemental worksheets, achievement tests, and other resources to assure learner persistence and success.

Outstanding Features: 

Picture dictionary lessons introduce unit vocabulary in a clear, easy-to-use format.

The program's guided conversation methodology integrates grammar, vocabulary, and topics through real-life communication practice that is student-centered, interactive, and fun.

Standards-based lessons in each unit develop the competencies included in CASAS, BEST Plus, EFF, SCANS, Model Standards, and other major curriculum frameworks and assessment systems.

Teamwork, critical thinking, and community tasks promote cooperative learning, problem-solving, and civics connections.

Diverse reading and writing activities include realia, narrative readings, and journal-writing to develop skills for daily life, self-expression, and academic advancement.

Built-in assessment in each unit includes a check-up test and vocabulary and skill checklists enabling students to assess their progress.

Side by Side Gazette magazine sections promote learner persistence through high-interest material that students can use in class or on their own, building a bridge between the classroom and the home.

A Bonus Gazette Audio CD included with the text offers entertaining radio program-style recordings of Gazette activities.

An all-in-one teacher support package (available separately) includes a standalone Teacher's Guide with Multilevel Activity & Achievement Test Book and CD-ROM providing multilevel activities and an array of reproducible masters, worksheets, and tests.

A standalone Activity & Test Prep Workbook offers all-skills practice, GrammarRaps, and unit achievement tests.

