N. T. Wright - Paul for Everyone: The Prison Letters: Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians, and Philemon (Westminster John Knox Press, 2004). 227 pages.

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination and metadata, etc.

Fourteenth in the series New Testament for Everyone; click my username to find other volumes in the series. Soon the whole series will be posted on tpb.

Brief commentary on the Letters of (ostensibly) Paul known as the Prison Letters.

Making use of his scholar's understanding, yet writing in an approachable and anecdotal style, Tom Wright captures the verve and sparkle of these letters. Paul wrote the letters while in prison facing possible death, but their passion and energy are undimmed. They reveal Paul's longing to see young churches grow in faith and understanding, rooted in Jesus himself, and to see this faith worked out in practice. Wright's stimulating comments are combined with his own fresh and inviting translation of the text.Tom Wright has undertaken a tremendous task: to provide guides to all the books of the New Testament, and to include in them his own translation of the entire text. Each short passage is followed by a highly readable discussion, with background information, useful explanations and suggestions, and thoughts as to how the text can be relevant to our lives today. A glossary is included at the back of the book. The series is suitable for group study, personal study, or daily devotions.

Review

"[The For Everyone series] is probably the most exciting thing to have happened in Christian education in Britain for many years." Expository Times

About the Author

Tom Wright is is Research Professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at the University of St Andrews. He is a regular broadcaster on radio and television. Tom Wright is the author of over forty books, including the other For Everyone guides to the New Testament, the best-selling Simply Christian, Surprised by Hope, and Virtue Reborn; and the magisterial series entitled Christian Origins and the Question of God.
