
                                      nERv


                      Lords of Football (c) Fish Eagle

      04/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
            1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Simulation, Sports


Lords of Football is a whole new sports lifestyle simulator, played in God
Mode.The everyday routine of football is brought to life, simulating
footballers' training to improve their skills and all the drama and real-life
distractions that unfold during a normal season. With easy drag-and-drop
navigation and by learning each footballer's personality, you must oversee
all your footballers and resources to bring the team up to international
competition level. The game takes place in an immersive 3D world with a
customisable team, and rewards success with club upgrades to expand this
exciting, vibrant football simulation.KEY FEATURES:Genre defining  A football
lifestyle simulation played with an easy drag and drop God Mode style
interface. It crosses genres to bring you a new football experience,
involving you in both the match and the personal lives of your footballers.
This is unique, a game like no other!Matches - Give match commands to your
footballers in a way unlike any other football game. Your team's ability and
performance will not only depend on your tactical strategy but also on how
well you look after them on and off the pitch. Play in a real-time 3D
football world  Explore and interact in a full 3D real-time environment where
you can unlock upgrades that change, improve and expand your world.
Personalities - Each footballer has his own unique personality and distinct
behaviour. They will react in different ways to events that take place within
the world, as well as your choices having a direct effect on their mood, for
better or worse. Off-pitch activities - Interact with and affect the personal
lives of your footballers. Keep them happy with fun free time activities in
the pub, club and restaurant while avoiding negative addictions and bad
habits.Training and drills - A new level of interaction is available during
the training phase by offering a customisable 3D space, assigning drills or
closely examining each footballer's performance in real time.Customisation
With the ability to configure every aspect of your team's appearance
name, playing kit, logo and even individual footballers' names  you have the
ability to live your football dream and run your very own club.

Features
* Genre defining  A football lifestyle simulation played with an easy drag
  and drop God Mode style interface. It crosses genres to bring you a new
  football experience, involving you in both the match and the personal
  lives of your footballers. This is unique, a game like no other!
* Play in a real-time 3D football world  Explore and interact in a full 3D
  real-time environment where you can unlock upgrades that change, improve
  and expand your world.
* Off-pitch activities - Interact with and affect the personal lives of
  your footballers. Keep them happy with fun free time activities in the
  pub, club and restaurant while avoiding negative addictions and bad
  habits.


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
   your game install directory.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]