
Spartacus Mmxii The Beginning: Subject to change without notice Spartacus (Marcus London) is captured and forced to fight to the death in the arena. After surviving the onslaught, he is sold to the Ludis of Batiatus (Tony de Sergio) where he is thrust into a world of sex and violence. He finds an unlikely ally in fellow slave Crixus (Tommy Gunn), as they are both expected to please Lucretia (Devon Lee). In addition to performing in depraved orgies, they must train to fight against the unbeaten giant Androcoles. Will they fall victim to the gladiator or will they prove victorious and earn their freedom? A sexual epic for the ages!

    Scene 1. Devon Lee, Tommy Gunn
    Scene 2. Devon Lee, India Summer, Nikki Daniels, Tony De Sergio
    Scene 3. Tanya Tate, Marcus London
    Scene 4. Karina O'Reilley, Gracie Glam, Melanie Rios, Nacho Vidal, Tommy Gunn
    Scene 5. Charley Chase, Nicole Aniston, Prinzzess, Tommy Gunn
    Scene 6. Miko Lee, Tony De Sergio
    Scene 7. Andy San Dimas, T.J. Cummings
    Scene 8. Jenna Presley, Marcus London

Length 3 hrs. 36 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Sep 26 2012
Production Year 2012
Studio  Wicked Pictures

Actresses:
    Andy San Dimas
    Karina O'Reilley (as Carina Roman)
    Charley Chase [BJOnly Facial]
    Devon Lee [Facial]
    Gracie Glam
    India Summer
    Jenna Presley
    Melanie Rios
    Miko Lee [Anal Bald]
    Nicole Aniston [BJOnly]
    Nikki Daniels [LezOnly]
    Prinzzess [LezOnly]
    Tanya Tate

Actors:
    Marcus London
    Nacho Vidal
    T.J. Cummings
    Tommy Gunn
    Tony De Sergio
    
NonSex Performers:
    Ben English
    Brad Armstrong
    Eric Masterson
    Jack Lawrence
    Jack Vegas
    Kyle Stone
    Lucas Stone
    Marco Rivera
    Reno
    Shane Xavier
    Vic D Vine (as Vic D.)


Body of Review: Marcus London has been performing in porn for years now, the muscular stud more recently expanding into production work and directing. His latest and greatest movie in this regard is being distributed by Wicked Pictures, a blockbuster called Spartacus MMXII: The Beginning. Based heavily on the Starz cable series, the show details the origin of the lead character (well played by Marcus London), his enslavement and rivalry with Crixus (Tommy Gunn), and basically draws on many elements while adding sex as a key feature. Few will suggest the cable show lacked in sexuality but it was definitely more overt here, the casting of ladies including Devon Lee, the return of Miko Lee, Gracie Glam, and Jenna Presley as well as Tanya Tate and others in smaller roles. There was a lot to appreciate this time though both during the sex and on the sands of the training grounds, definitely making it one of the most anticipated big blockbusters of the 2012 season. The back cover described the movie like this: ΓÇ£Spartacus (Marcus London) is captured and forced to fight to the death in the arena. After surviving the onslaught, he is sold to the Ludis of Batiatus (Tony de Sergio) where he is thrust into a world of sex and violence. He finds an unlikely ally in fellow slave Crixus (Tommy Gunn), as they are both expected to please Lucretia (Devon Lee). In addition to performing in depraved orgies, they must train to fight against the unbeaten giant Androcoles. Will they fall victim to the gladiator or will they prove victorious and earn their freedom? A sexual epic for the ages!ΓÇ¥ HereΓÇÖs a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested: