                  Toufic Farroukh - Cinema Beyrouth (2012) [EAC-FLAC]
                    EAC rip (secure mode) | FLAC+CUE+LOG -> 304 Mb
                        Full Artwork @ 300 dpi (png) -> 34 Mb




The instruments meet for the first bars, dialogs are preparing, a sound is established… a demonstration of fine energy and the overture to a wide horizon which leads us to a space between dreamtime and reality… Lebanese composer Toufic who has been residing in Paris for many years now is a master in the art to set up his melodies in scenic way. He fascinates his audience with the way how he constructs each piece as he would construct a film scene.

Cinéma Beyrouth is of course a homage to the Beirut that still exists in our memory. “My main concern is that the compositions have a “soul”. My artistic aim is to create intellectual and physical emotions but I do not dictate to the audience what they should feel. Everybody should keep his very own sensibility which is always influenced by the day, the surroundings, the atmosphere of the location.” His charming concept to present his Arabic tinged music with Western jazz musicians and their instruments is a very individual approach to fusion East and West.

When in the 70ties Lebaonon was to torn into pieces by the civil war Toufic Farroukh went into exile like many of his compatriots. Shortly before he had discovered jazz, the concept of jazz improvisation, Stan Getz and a Dexter Gordon concert convinced him to dedicate his life to music. He went o France and studied music for several years. The doors of the jazz clubs didn’t open easily:” They put highest importance on virtuosity but I think that music shouldn’t be considered they way sports is. I think the main thing is to find your own self and develop your own language.” He worked mainly with Lebanese ensembles, was awarded several grants and soon he could present his first album Ali on Broadway. It was a fine, surprising success. His contacts to the film world grew and soon he got his first commissions to compose sound track music – his music to Fallafel received an important French award.

Toufic Farroukh has established a solid career as saxophone soloist with his own groups and also as guest soloist e.g. with the project Arabian Nights by the Absolute Ensemble Kristjan Jaervi which is reflected by his steady concertizing at major festivals like:
Festival Jazz à Germain des Prés / Jazz sur son 31 / Jazz à Foix / Jazz à Auray / Jazz à Commercy / Jazzellerault / Jazz’ Velanet, La Rochelle / Jazz à Pointe à Pitre / North Sea Jazz festival (NL) / Tanjazz (Marokko) / Jazz Saarbruecken / Dubaï International Jazz Festival / Festival de Beitedine. ” 



------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tracklist:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.No Brain No Pain 
2.A Wonderful Afternoon With Zéna-Laure
3.Fema KA 
4.Summer Run 
5.Belle Et Zébuth 
6.Blue Tango
7.The Last Scene
8.Side Story 
9.Storyboard 
10.L'inaccessible À Bras Ouverts 
11.The Red Boy - Part I 
12.What Are You Doing In The Dark ? 
13.The Red Boy - Part II



Personnel:

Toufic Farroukh - soprano- & tenorsaxophone
Nicolas Giraud - trumpet
Sylvain Gontard - Trumpet
Daniel Zimmermann - trombone
Didier Havet - soubassophone, tuba
Leandro Aconcha - piano
Luc Isenmann - drums





