NOTE - A smaller, mixed quality version of this torrent already exists. This (taken from what dot CD) is a complete set of perfect flac rips, complete with logs, notes, and cues. Much thanks to the OP.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkangel_Shakespeare

The Complete Arkangel Shakespeare is a notable series of unabridged audio drama presentations of all 38 plays of William Shakespeare, released from 1998 onwards on cassette and then CD. The production featuring nearly 400 actors, almost all past or present members of the Royal Shakespeare Company.

It won the 2004 Audie Award for Best Audio Drama.

The Complete Arkangel Shakespeare represents one of the great achievements in audio book history. This collection features nearly 400 actors, almost all past or present members of the Royal Shakespeare Company, including Eileen Atkins, Joseph Fiennes, Sir John Gielgud, Ciaran Hinds, Alan Howard, Jane Lapotaire, Amanda Root, David Tennant, Sophie Thompson, Samuel West, and Timothy West.

All of these plays are produced by a single creative team with state-of-the-art technology, along with original music and subtle sound effects that heighten the drama. 

All 38 plays are produced in their entirety, based on the authoritative Complete Pelican Shakespeare, under the supervision of scholars. The Complete Arkangel Shakespeare audio plays are a multimillion dollar production that was five years in the making.

COMEDIES:
All's Well That Ends Well
As You Like It
Comedy of Errors
Love's Labour's Lost
Measure for Measure
Merchant of Venice
Merry Wives of Windsor
Midsummer Night's Dream
Much Ado about Nothing
Taming of the Shrew
The Tempest
Twelfth Night
Two Gentlemen of Verona
Winter's Tale

HISTORIES:
Cymbeline
Henry IV, Part I
Henry IV, Part II
Henry V
Henry VI, Part I
Henry VI, Part II
Henry VI, Part III
Henry VIII
King John
Pericles
Richard II
Richard III

TRAGEDIES:
Antony and Cleopatra
Coriolanus
Hamlet
Julius Caesar
King Lear
Macbeth
Othello
Romeo and Juliet
Timon of Athens
Titus Andronicus
Troilus and Cressida