TunesArt offers new features for iTunes : display cover art and track information on your desktop (many themes are available and new ones can be downloaded), get notification on track change, display bezel notifications on player actions such as play or pause, search your iTunes Library, scrobble to Last.fm, display/edit lyrics, support for Growl notifications, artwork fetching… and other features to discover!

Display
 
Album artwork right on your desktop
Display a beautiful album artwork on you desktop, and choose a skin among many available (classic, CD case, Vinyl cover… others to download above). Information displayed under the cover art are fully customizable (track name, artist, rating…). And you can display iTunes player controls when hovering cover art.

Notifications
When a new track starts playing in iTunes, a notification appears in the top-right corner, under TunesArt icon in menubar. Then, you’ll know the track name, artist, album, duration, rating and even cover art. If you’d prefer, display a Growl notification instead of TunesArt own notification.


Control
 
Fast search
Instead of opening iTunes to play a particular track, use the TunesArt ‘fast search’ feature : open the search window with Cmd+S keyboard shortcut (customizable), enter your keyword and results will be displayed with no delay! In addition, everything can me performed just with your keyboard.

Keyboard shortcuts
Have you ever been frustrated to quit your keyboard just to perform some basic actions, like volume control, playing next track or changing rating? With TunesArt, you’ll save your time with keyboard shortcuts, available for main features. And all shortcuts are customizable and are available everywhere, everytime.

Menubar
Controlling iTunes from OSX menubar is now possible. TunesArt has 3 different widgets for you: display/change track’s rating, control iTunes state (play/pauve, previous, next), display track’s name.

Sing
 
Lyrics
You love to sing on your favorite tracks? Then, TunesArt is just what you want! A specific window can be opened, with tracks’ lyrics inside and if the track has no lyrics, you can edit them and even launch a search on LyricWiki, Google or Bing. With one click, you can paste & save the clipboard content.

Socialize
 
Last.fm
You dreamt of your own radio station? With Last.fm and scrobbling feature of TunesArt, it will now be possible! You’ll be able to publish track name and other information, right on your Last.fm profile. Three modes are offered: normal, ‘Now Playing’ and hybrid mode.

Twitter
Posting current song name on Twitter is just so easy with TunesArt, with just one click or a keyboard shortcut. You can even customize the default Tweet in TunesArt préferences.
 

Other features
 
Automatic download of artwork when a song has none
Rate current played song ‘on-the-fly’
Growl notifications support
Fast access to your playlists in a submenu
Get visual feedback for most common operations (volume, play, rating…)
Automatic launch at login
