Dheem Tharikida Dhom is a Malayalam comedy film released in 1986, it was directed by Priyadarshan, this film is about an innocent young man joining a ballet team just to express his love towards the main actress. Maniyan Pillai Raju and Lizy appeared in the leading roles, and were supported by Mukesh, Nedumudi Venu, Sreenivasan, Nedumudi Venu, Jagathi Sreekumar and Shankar. The story is adapted from British musical comedy film Happy Go Lovely Happy Go Lovely.

The film was a big hit at the box office.

Plot

Shivasubrahmaniam (Maniyan Pillai Raju), an innocent bank employee is in love with Rohini (Lizzy), but is afraid to express her his love. His grandmother but wants him to be a Brahmachari and become a priest at the near by temple. Rohini is working as an artist at the Keerikkad ballet troupe run by Keerikkad Chellappan Nair (Nedumudi Venu). As per the advise of Shankaran Pillai (Jagathi Sreekumar), the assistant of Chellapan Nair, Subru joins the ballet troupe to woo Rohini. She is attracted to his innocent and straight forward behavior and fells in love with him. One day, when missed her bus, Rohini asks a car driver a lift, and she is dropped at the ballet troupe office. Accidentally the car belongs to Suresh Menon (Shankar), a rich business tycoon of the area. Sankaran and Chellappan Nair mistakes her to be in love with Suresh Menon. Chellappan, to appease Suresh Menon offers heroine's role to Rohini and gives an increment. Subrahmaniam is suspended from bank fro not attending office for long time. Due to certain misunderstandings, Rohini breaks up with him, hurting him deeply. Subru is also thrown out of the troupe by Chellappan Nair for not performing up to the mark. In the mean time Suresh Menon on knowing about Rohini and her claims of being his girl friend appears in front of her. Not knowing that he is original Suresh Menon, she takes his help in solving out the mess created at the ballet troupe. Suresh Menon solving out the mess and uniting Subru with Rohini forms the rest of the story.


This is my first torrent ....My seeding time is 2.00 am to 8.00 am IST...sorry for

 that...


Thumbnail
 
http://img826.imageshack.us/img826/6061/dheemtharikidadhom1986s.jpg


It is a super comedy film ..jagathy rocks


