

Five has commissioned Make Your Child Brilliant, a new factual entertainment series, it was announced. The six-part series, produced by Electric Sky Productions will be presented by Bernadette Tynan, an international expert in gifted children.

In this groundbreaking and informative series, Bernadette will travel nationwide and visit a different British school each week. Looking beyond exam results, Bernadette will select children whose gifts and abilities can slip under the radar in today’s education system – in some cases, children can have a gift that lies beyond the school gates.

Using brain-training techniques, Bernadette will teach children to have confidence in themselves and their gifts, encouraging them to achieve a spectacular task, much to the amazement of friends and family.

Gifts come in all shapes and sizes and Bernadette will reveal what parents should look out for with their children. For example, the class chatterbox may be fast-thinking with fantastic language ability, the class busy body may have a brilliantly curious mind and the class bossy boots may be a great natural leader.

From novel ways of teaching spelling to trampolining to give the body and brain a workout, Bernadette will share the secrets of her brain-training techniques and will demonstrate how to identify and unlock hidden gifts. With information on taking the fear out of tests and top tips on how to work with your child’s school, Make Your Child Brilliant is an indispensable guide for parents.

Bernadette Tynan, said: “The ideas, innovation and creativity of our children are Britain’s future. In an exam-crazed system, not every child’s gifts can be captured on pen and paper tests. Every child deserves an opportunity to be brilliant.”

Fives Commissioning Editor, Factual Entertainment and Features, Robi Dutta, said: “We are thrilled to have this innovative series on Five. Make Your Child Brilliant will provide fresh hope and insight for families and their children and will provoke a much needed debate in education.”

Electric Sky Productions Creative Director, Benita Matofska said: “Make Your Child Brilliant is a truly groundbreaking new format, which is kinder, aspirational and dare I say it, optimistic.”

A book will accompany the series. Make Your Child Brilliant by Bernadette Tynan, published by Quadrille, January 2008, priced 14.99.
