Oscar Peterson: The Life Of A Legend (1995)
From View Films:  www.view.com

Format mp4. Sound quality varies from source  

runtime 95 minutes

My notes:

  The dvd of this documentary became part of my public library collection in 2011.  I saw it on the shelf on display where I live.  It has  ΓÇ£as seen on PBSΓÇ¥  on the box but I am not a tv viewer and so this film was new to me.  I recalled seeing it just now as I am building my torrent farm of permanent  fileshares.

  Documentaries like this are popular with the older audiences of American Public Television.  But I was introduced to the music of Oscar Peterson in the first year of high school in 1962.  That year there was a summer tv program on called The Lively Set.  On it Peterson, playing at what I think was an Hawaiian tiki lamp-lit nightclub,  ripped into one of the selections from his West Side Story album.  Following that Oscar Peterson's West Side Story was the first jazz record I ever bought.

In 'The Life Of A LegendΓÇ¥ there is more than the usual old films, tv clips and newspaper photos accompanied by interviews of people with whom Oscar Peterson played.  The frame of this film is a train trip on which all of  Peterson's family generations ride across Canada.  The film is about more than reunion.  This film is also about reconciliation.

Peterson's natural genius is described by his sister who shared her piano lessons with him.  The bitter side of a family who has to experience many months without their dad is part of this story.  The film crew is allowed to document the reconciliation of Oscar with his family.

We also hear some of the other artists I grew up listening to including the exquisite Cleo Laine with John Dankworth.  Their story should be told as well.

I have not seen Oscar Peterson The Life Of A Legend in my torrent searches.  It will be familiar to many US jazz fans and those who watch television.  But this torrent is for the rest of the world  who knows and loves all that is the legacy of the genius that is Oscar Peterson.  You won't be disappointed.  The film is rich in detail and does not spare any of the difficulties that a black Canadian performing in the US had to bare. For all these reasons  Life Of A Legend is special.

Notes written March 5th 2013
