Contains Sinners on Tour Series by Olivia Cunning in PDF format. 

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter- http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre- http://calibre-ebook.com/download 

Note: The Sinners on Tour books are listed in their proper reader order, not their order of release. Book 4 is not yet published. 

1. Backstage Pass (Oct 1, 2010)

For him, life is all music and no play…
When Brian Sinclair, songwriter and lead guitarist of the hottest metal band on the scene, loses his creative spark, it will take nights of downright sinful passion to release his pent-up genius…
She’s the one to call the tune…
When sexy psychologist Myrna Evans goes on tour with the Sinners, every boy in the band tries to seduce her. But Brian is the only one she wants to get her hands on…
Then the two lovers’ wildly shocking behavior sparks the whole band to new heights of glory…and sin. 

2. Rock Hard (Apr 5, 2011) 

An ultimatum can break your heart…
Every night lead singer, Sed Lionheart whips thousands of women into a frenzy with his voice alone. But the stage is the only place Sed feels any passion since he lost Jessica…
If you're not willing to break all the rules…
It shattered her heart, but law student Jessica broke off her engagement to Sed, determined to be successful on her own terms. But no other man can ever hold a candle to Sed…
Then a chance meeting and tortuously close quarters lead to uncontrollable flares of passion and rediscovery of their unique penchant for public encounters. Now, in addition to the risk of mutual heartbreak every time they get together, they're in danger of truly scandalous public exposure…and sin. 

3. Hot Ticket (Feb 5, 2013) 

He needs her to mask his pain…
When Jace walked through the doors of Aggie's dungeon, the last thing he expected was to find self-forgiveness and the love of a remarkable woman. But when a terrible accident sidelines Jace during the band's tour, the burdensome chains of his past wrap ferociously around his heart.
She needs him to forgive himself…
Determined to crack through Jace's armored shell, Aggie must go beyond her usual methods to mend his heart to love again. 

5. Double Time (Nov 6, 2012)

He Craves Her Music and Passion
On the rebound from the tumult of his bisexual lifestyle, notoriously sexy rock guitarist Trey Mills falls for sizzling new female guitar sensation Reagan Elliot and is swept into the hot, heady romance he never dreamed possible.
She Can't Get Enough of His Body
Ecstatic to be on tour learning the ropes with Trey's band, The Sinners, Reagan finds she craves Trey as much as she craves being in the spotlight.
They Both Need More…
When Reagan's ex, Ethan Connor, enters the scene, Trey's secret desires come back to haunt him, and pleasure and passion are taken to a whole new level of dangerous desire. 

Seed and Enjoy!