H   A   T   R   E   D      P   R   E   S   E   N   T   S

Kane & Lynch: Dead Men (c) Eidos Interactive

17/11/2007 :.. Rel.date . protection ..: SecuROM

1 :.... DVD(s) . genre .......: Action

SYNOPSIS:

After  the  tragic  death  of  his son, Kane leaves his family and
becomes a member of The 7 - an elite mercenary group.  After years
of  being  at  the  top of their game, a mission in Venezuela goes
terribly  wrong.  Kane escapes with the loot as the only survivor,
but is caught and sentenced to death.

But  not  all  of  The 7 did die. They want the loot back and they
want to deliver the punishment due to a traitor - death to him and
his  family.    Kane is busted out of the prison van and offered a
deal by The 7.  His wife and daughter will be spared if he returns
the loot. He will still be killed.

Lynch, a medicated psychopath sentenced to death for the murder of
his wife, is busted out of prison with Kane to be his watchdog and
make sure he fulfils the deal.

Kane - an experienced mercenary with everything to lose, and Lynch
-  an unpredictable psychopath with everything to gain, are thrown
together  in an intense, volatile alliance. No means are too harsh
as  they  fight  to  save Kane's family and take revenge on The 7,
hating each other every step of the way.

FEATURES:

* Kane, a flawed mercenary and Lynch, a medicated psychopath in a
  highly volatile alliance.

* A new breed of action in a brutal tale of loyalty, loss and
  revenge.

* Intense, hard-edged action gameplay.

* Explosive squad-based combat with intuitive squad control
  (optional).

* Co-op mode - play as both Kane and Lynch.

* Treacherous online multiplayer mode.

1. Unpack.
2. Install.
3. Copy crack.
4. Enjoy!

HATRED  does not condone in selling warez of any kind.

HATRED  does  not  respect any p2p networks, NFOrce or
anything to make the scene more public.

HATRED  does  not  believe in using a lesser protected
executable  whether  it  be  a  steam exe, unprot exe,
demo  exe,  activemark  exe,  direct2drive  exe or any
other  weaker protected exe to make a cheap copy/paste
code  exe  and  then  label  it  as a crack. Nor do we
believe  in  any  other  sorts  of  cheap workarounds.

We greet the respectable groups like:

RELOADED - GENESIS - BACKLASH - DELIGHT - RAZOR1911

ascii art by                          barium&lt;SAC&gt;
