Chaman (1948) Punjabi-Indian Cinema The Early Years-Classic [DDR]

CAST:- Meena Shorey, Karan Dewan, Gulab, Om Prakash, Manju, Randhir, Kuldip Kaur, Sangeeta, Axiz Kashmiri, 
Director: Roop Shorey
Producer: Jaimani Devan
Music Director: Vinod
Lyrics by Aziz Kashmiri

MINI PROFILE:- Vinod - Music Director (1922 - 1959)

One of the most talented music directors that Punjab has produced was Vinod. His real name was Eric Roberts but for the film industry he chose a more familiar name Vinod.

According to Sardul Kwatra, another Lahore-born music director who knew Vinod since his days in Lahore, as a child Vinod was fascinated by the band music played during Hindu weddings. Vinod also listened carefully to the rababi musicians performing shabad kirtan at Gurdwara Dehra Sahib, Lahore. According to Sardul, Vinod became a student of LahoreΓÇÖs famous music director Pandit Amar Nath and learnt from him the fundamentals of ragas and composing tunes on a violin.

By 1946, he had started composing music for a number of films, including three Hindi films and a Punjabi film Chaman. However, Chaman could not be taken up due to communal tension in Lahore. It was made in India after 1947 for which Pushpa Hans and Shamshad Begum lent their voices. Vinod gave Lata Mangeshkar three songs to sing. All three numbers became landmark songs. Those were the days of tension on both sides of the Radcliffe line. While the film did not do well in Pakistan, the music of the film did a decent business.

Vinod got a good break when he composed music for Hindi film Ek Thi Ladki (1949). The film was a success and its song Lara lappa lara lappa layi rakhda, addi tappa addi tappa layi rakhda sung by Lata Mageshkar`A0became a hit. The number was based on a Pahari folk tune of Kangra. Following this, he composed music for another Punjabi film Bhaiya Jee in 1950. Lata sang several memorable songs for this film of which Ajj mera mahi nall tutt gaya pyar ve akhiyan na maar ve became a landmark.

Vinod died penniless at 37 on December 25, 1959. Although Vinod composed music for 32 films, but most of these films were under small banners and the music of many was let down by the filmΓÇÖs poor showing at the box office. His last three films were released after his death. One of VinodΓÇÖs masterpiece creations is the music for the Punjabi film Mutiar (1951). One of its Urdu ghazals Aye dil mujhe jaane de, jis raah pe jaata hoon sung by Talat Mahmood simply stands out. Its Punjabi version was never recorded.

PROFILE:- Meena Shorey (1921 - 1987)
From being the heart throb of India (being known as the 'Lara Lappa girl' at her peak) to begging at a film function in the 1980s in Pakistan for money to marry off her sister's daughters, Meena Shorey's is the classic and tragic riches-to-rags story one often finds in the filmline.

In Bombay, she accompanied her brother-in-law to the mahurat of Sohrab Modi's Sikandar (1941). Modi, taken in by her beauty, offered her a supporting role in the film and bound her to a contract to work exclusively for him. He also gave her the name Meena. Sikandar did extremely well and Meena was on her way. Modi then cast her as the second lead in Phir Milenge (1942) and Prithvi Vallabh (1943). In the last named, she was paired opposite Al Nasir, whom she later married. The marriage did not last very long due to Nasir's womanising ways.

Meena first met the Lahore based filmmaker Roop K Shorey, when he came to Bombay to look for a heroine for his forthcoming film, Shalimar (1946). Though he wanted Meena as the heroine of the film, Sohrab Modi's rigid contract came in the way. According to Meena, the contract again prevented her from doing Mehboob Khan's Humayun (1945) as well. Further, on a visit to Lahore, she met producer Dalsukh Pancholi, who signed her on for two films Shahar se Door (1946) and Arsi (1947). Immediately, Sohrab Modi took her to court asking for damages of Rs 3 lakhs. According to Meena, taking advantage of her illiteracy, Modi bound her for three years whereas the contract was supposed to be for a year only. She added that Modi then demanded Rs 60,000 to release her and seeking help from Modi's wife, Mehtab, the matter was finally settled for Rs 30,000. Meena was now free. She returned to Lahore and fulfilled her contractual obligations by starring in Shahar Se Door and Arsi.

Meena hit the apex of her screen career with Roop K Shorey's Ek Thi Ladki (1949) co-starring Motilal. The film, a comedy thriller, looks at a girl (Meena) on the run after she witnesses a murder and shows a new facet of Meena exploring her comic talents, which were considerable. But above all it was the popularity of the song Lara Lappa Lara Lappa that was chiefly responsible for the film's success. The song was hummed in every nook and corner of the country and as mentioned, Meena became known as the 'Lara Lappa girl!' She also got married to Roop K Shorey becoming Meena Shorey.

Meena lived the last few years of her life in abject poverty in Pakistan. She had no savings and was reduced to living in a couple of rooms in Lahore's Mohni Road. There was no one to look after her and she subsisted on a small stipend paid to her by the Pakistan Arts Council and sometimes the Rotary Club. It is said she compared herself to a dried up tree in a grove full of green young saplings that everyone was out to destroy and burn.

Meena Shorey died lonely and forgotten in 1989. Her burial was arranged with charity money and few came to attend her funeral. 

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Codec: MPEG-1
Video Bitrate: 1119 kbps
Video Resolution: 352x288
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec:  MPEG-1 Layer 2
Audio Bitrate: 224kb/s CBR 44100 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: Hindi
RunTime: 2:28:04
Subtitles: NONE
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]    
Duration: 2:28:04

