Where the dungeon ends, another adventure begins! Pathfinder Roleplaying Game: Ultimate Campaign takes you on a guided tour through the parts of the game that happen between monster attacks and quests for ancient artifacts. As some of the most powerful and prestigious heroes around, do your player characters want to build up a kingdom of their own, or lead an army against a neighboring nation? Perhaps they want to start a business, craft magic items, or embark on a quest that will come to define them. Whether youΓÇÖre looking for help generating a young character or seeking ways to challenge adventurers whoΓÇÖve grown bored of fighting monsters one-on-one, this book has everything you need!

Pathfinder Roleplaying Game: Ultimate Campaign is a must-have companion volume to the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Core Rulebook. This imaginative tabletop game builds on more than 10 years of system development and an open playtest featuring more than 50,000 gamers to create a cutting-edge RPG experience that brings the all-time best-selling set of fantasy rules into a new era.

Pathfinder Roleplaying Game: Ultimate Campaign includes:

A detailed guide to generating character backstories, including a new system for random character generation and traits and drawbacks to meld your background with your statistics.

Story feats that increase in power as you achieve key goals, making quests and crusades more than just flavor!

A complete downtime rules system to flesh out those parts of a PCΓÇÖs life that take place between adventures, such as running a business, gaining power and influence in a community, or starting a magical academy.

New rules for retraining and switching classes; honor, reputation, and fame; young characters; investment; magic item creation; and other key adventuring topics.
Rules for building up a kingdom, including construction and technological advancements, governing your people, and more.

Mass combat rules to help you lead clashing armies and conduct epic battles in a fun and efficient mannerΓÇöwithout losing sight of the PCs themselves.
AND MUCH, MUCH MORE!