Coast to Coast AM for April 30, 2013. Harnessing Your Dreams
Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
This is  a full rip of the stream (WMA) that Coast to Coast AM provides to such loyal members to their shows. It has been converted and merged together into mp3 files, however, to give you the experience you should be getting through the show mp3 archives. Instead, originally you get all bumper music erased, and a quality which takes out all bass (making George Noory sound as though he's coming through a crappy radio speaker)
This is what the Coast experience should be. And you can get it... absolutely free. Enjoy!

Show for: April 29, 2013
Show description:
Host:
George Noory
Guests:
Kelly Sullivan  Walden,                   Anne  Rice
Hypnotherapist, speaker, and founder of Dream-Life Coach Training, Kelly Sullivan Walden, discussed various approaches to dreamwork, and how they can be utilized for benefits in one's waking life. The limbic system in the brain wakes up during dreaming, and tries to work out unresolved matters and events that happened during the day, she explained. There are several misconceptions about dreams-- some people don't dream (it's clinically proven that everyone dreams 3 to 9 dreams every night), that there are bad dreams (even the scariest dreams come in the service of health and healing, she believes), and that dreams are meaningless (many innovations and inventions were instigated from dreams).  
During the evening, she featured a number of special guests who presented their unusual and powerful dreams. The first was Claire, a 16-year old, who told of a series of dreams in which she picked a magical vine and was transported to the universe at large. She learned in the dreams that she was a "bridge angel," chosen to help deceased spirits make the transition to the Other Side. Other guests included Kathy, whose dreams saved her life by cluing her in that she had cancer that tests weren't picking up, and Ellin, who had a bizarre dream of alien hybrids taking over the world. Jenny shared a nightmare in which she was asked by a council of elders to kill a young woman, and was able to subsequently reenact the events in a cathartic "dream theatre" where group members played the different dream roles. 
Walden suggested that all the different characters in dreams could be looked at as various aspects of ourselves, and this kind of view can be a way to interpret a dream's significance. She outlined a set of steps she called the D.R.E.A.M. Code as a way to get started in working with dreams: Declaration-- of what you want to create in your life; Remembrance-- techniques for remembering dreams (such as not moving your body position when you first wake up), and recording your dreams on paper or with an app like Dreams Cloud; Embodiment-- such as retaining the energy of positive dreams; Activation-- taking some form of action in the waking world based on dream realizations; and Masterminding-- connecting with a group of people to share dreams with. 
Anne Rice Interview
First hour guest, celebrated author Anne Rice talked about her life, books, and career. She described how her bestseller Interview with a Vampire evolved from a short story, and her fascination with vampires-- they are monsters who are also human; capable of having relate-able feelings yet supernatural beings who live outside of our laws. Her forthcoming book, The Wolves of Midwinter, is a continuation of her new series on man-wolves, featuring a character who kills villains while he's in the wolf state. She also offered advice to writers, suggesting they persevere, and have confidence and belief in their work. 
News segment guests: Catherine Austin Fitts, Christian Wilde
Website(s):
 kellysullivanwalden.com
 annerice.com
Book(s):
 It's All in Your Dreams
 I Had the Strangest Dream...: The Dreamer's Dictionary for the 21st Century
 Complete Vampire Chronicles 
 Called Out of Darkness: A Spiritual Confession
 The Wolf Gift
