4ad Records...FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD

Copenhagen's Søren Løkke Juul has endured more than a few Bon Iver comparisons in the short amount of time he's been making music as Indians, but at least it's got nothing to do with his back story. They're loners with facial hair in frigid climates, but that's where the similarities stop: After a decade of being in go-nowhere bands, a YouTube of the 33-year-old Juul's "Magic Kids" started to circulate in part due to a video made with an iPhone camera and some artfully incorporated T&A. It landed him a record deal with 4AD and, consequently, a mandate to actually make this record. In a roundabout way, Juul ends up justifying the comparisons, albeit to Justin Vernon's second album, as the sensationally evocative Somewhere Else similarly creates a world where boundaries between folk, piano balladry, arena rock, and post-rock dissolve, resulting in something both unclassifiable and wholly his.
Indians is now a band, which, from a logistical standpoint, will undoubtedly help Juul in a live setting, though what's interesting about Something Else is that so much of it appears to have been made with the intention of rendering a band unnecessary or at least superfluous. There's a sneaky inventiveness to the way he experiments with how much space one guy and his keyboard can fill.
As a result, the songs here are spare and could prove to be fertile remix material, but they're hardly minimal. "Lips Lips Lips" is dance music turned inside out, the pinging synth pattern used for percussive effect, whereas the steady bass drum feels more like a melodic undercurrent. Meanwhile, "Bird" and "New" reach for the rafters in a completely empty arena-- on the latter, Juul leans hard at the bridge into a melody that spirals perilously upward. At that point, you're conditioned to expect some sort of accompanying percussive bombast, cymbal crashes, kick drums, something: They're nowhere to be found and the momentum is generated solely by Juul's tart, impassioned vocals expanding within the reverb rather than hiding. It's not too far off what M83 did on Hurry Up, We're Dreaming, but where the songs on that record are more like rockets, carefully calibrated, expensive and meant to impress the hell out of you, the songs of Somewhere Else are hot-air balloons, charmingly handmade and possessed of an element of the unknown; you're not sure how high these things are supposed to go.