Alluring Indulgence Series (1-2) by Nicole Edwards in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Kaleb (Alluring Indulgence #1) by Nicole Edwards (January 13th 2013)

Zoey Stranford might’ve had a crush on the sexy boy next door since middle school, but she’s a woman now, and that crush has turned into a full blown case of lust. So why is it that at twenty nine, her libido decides to ramp into high gear and the only thing she can focus on is the intensely sexy, scorching hot boy next door who is definitely not a boy anymore? 

The only problem is that Zoey and Kaleb have been best friends for as long as she can remember. Not to mention, Kaleb and his brothers are working on buying Stranford land to build a new resort, and she’s more than a little hesitant about his intentions.

Kaleb Walker has had his eye on Zoey for close to twenty years, but never before has he considered taking their friendship to the next level, no matter how many fantasies he’s had about her over the years. That doesn’t explain why Kaleb is hell bent on having her – in as many ways as possible. 

Kaleb finds himself in a precarious situation. His brothers have nominated him to pursue Zoey’s father about purchasing the land needed to get their new resort off the ground. Finding out that Carl Stranford is on the brink of foreclosure and Zoey might just lose her house and the land, Kaleb now has to convince her to put aside her pride and let him help her.

It doesn’t take long before the flames start burning bright and hot, and the two of them burn up the nights and the days as they explore each other’s forbidden fantasies. But can their friendship survive a business transaction or the new friends with benefits clause? Or will they realize that they’ve been overlooking something much deeper that’s been right in front of them all along?

Warning: This book contains sexual encounters and graphic language that some readers may find objectionable, including, but not limited to m/f/m encounters, anal sex, exhibitionism, and voyeurism. Consider yourself warned! Contains graphic material that is not suitable for anyone under the age of 18.

Book 2: Zane (Alluring Indulgence #2) by Nicole Edwards (May 6th 2013)

Vanessa Carmichael will never forget that horrible day for as long as she lives. With Zane fully on the mend from the brutal attack he suffered right in her very own yard, she knows she should be grateful, which she is. She also knows that walking away from Zane might be the only way to keep him safe. Despite her denial, V knows she can’t trust her own heart, especially when it comes to the youngest Walker brother, but he’s not the kind of man who will walk away when there is something he wants. He wants her even if it isn’t safe for him, and she’s not sure she is strong enough to walk away. 

Zane Walker might have been brutally attacked and after months in the hospital, walked away with his life spared, but now that he’s out of the hospital, he has only one goal in mind. Getting the girl. From the first time he kissed her, Zane knew V was the one for him. He also knew that getting her wasn’t going to be as easy as he hoped. She’s stubborn and the walls she has erected around her heart are nearly impenetrable. However, there’s one thing about Zane – he never gives up. And he’s not about to start now. 

Can V learn to open her heart to the one man who is desperate to get past those walls she has erected, or will she walk away to protect him? How long will Zane allow her to deny what he knows is growing between them? Or is the only option to obscure the underlying emotions with spine tingling lust? 

When V and Zane come together, smoke detectors go on the fritz, but when they bring Zane’s best friend Beau into the mix, extra fire extinguishers are needed. 

Warning: This book contains sexual encounters and graphic language that some readers may find objectionable, including, but not limited to: m/f, m/m, m/f/m, m/m/f encounters, anal sex, exhibitionism, and voyeurism. Contains graphic material that is not suitable for anyone under the age of 18.


Seed and Enjoy!