Heart of Stone Series (1-3) by D.H. Sidebottom in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 

Incineration (Heart of Stone #1) by D.H. Sidebottom (April 2nd 2013)

‘Sometimes, all life deals you is shit, you just have to learn to accept the hand you’re given and win…and win good!’

After a horrific childhood and a tragic incident whilst living on the streets, Ava Stone is taken in by George Fielding, a respected figure in London’s organised crime circle.

After a few years of being under George’s protection and care, Ava is employed by Mason Fox, when George suddenly decides to retire abroad.
Mason is top of the ladder in the crime world and Ava finds herself equally frightened of him and intrigued by him. He brings out emotions and reactions Ava hasn’t felt in a very long time and soon the pair are utterly consumed in a passionate but toxic affair.

Masons’ dominancy and need for control has Ava fighting against the things she swore would never hold her back from life, but she soon discovers that love and passion may not be enough to hold their turbulent relationship together and when a friend of Masons’ is gripped by a jealous rage, Ava finds herself relying and depending on the very parts of her old self that she locked away so securely five years ago along with desperately trying to shield her heart from Masons suffocating rule on her.

Sometimes, Love is just that little bit too difficult

Tolerance (Heart of Stone #2) by D.H. Sidebottom (April 3rd 2013)

‘I know I’m not an easy person Ava, I’m moody, controlling and sometimes bloody insane but hell, I want you and I never intend to let you go…ever!’

Now living separate lives, Ava still can’t escape Mason’s control. 
His dominant and intense love for Ava find them both battling against issues that could very well be the things that save them and when an incident from the past rears up to haunt them, they both find themselves pushed even further apart. 
When a way out comes from an unlikely source, will Ava summon the courage and strength needed to stand against high profile figures and set them both free or will it be too late to fix their turbulent relationship?
With Mason’s drugs abuse threatening to spiral out of control, Rebecca’s constant smug sneer and a severe craving for soap, can Ava keep hold of her sanity or will these events be the factors that finally break her?

Sometimes, Love is just that little bit too painful

Resolution (Heart of Stone #3) by D.H. Sidebottom (April 3rd 2013)

The third and final installment of the ‘Heart of Stone’ trilogy

‘You’ll always own my heart Mason, because you hold the broken pieces in your clenched fist…Don’t let the dust slip through your fingers’

Fighting for her life and her Freedom, Ava has to once again rely on her inner strength to escape Dane’s hold.
Her and Masons relationship hits a new level of lethal and Ava soon discovers just how much Mason is struggling to keep clean. His mood swings are volatile and his erratic sexual desires begin to put a strain on their relationship and when Ava discovers just how bad Mason’s addiction is, she must finally decide if Mason is what she needs or if she must break free of his grip on her heart.

Sometimes, Love is just that little bit too destructive


Seed and Enjoy!