Child Of Eden for XBox 360                               Rel. 06/14/2011


DVD9 Region Free
Wave 11
English
Stealth Patched.


Discs:            1
Image:            .DVD/ISO
Genre.:           Action
Rating:           Everyone
Requirements:     Modded or Flashed Drive (iXtreme or LT+)



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: Your xbox360 console must be Modded or drive flashed with Ixtreme
      to play any copy. It isn't recommended to play any game copy online 
      unless your using LT+. Even then you still run the risk of getting 
      banned so just be aware of that.



Game Description:


Like Rez, Child of Eden concerns a hero (the player) venturing into a virtual reality, or technological inner-space, in order to combat technological baddies therein. Here, the story concerns a woman called Lumi, who on the notable date of September 11th, 2019, became the first person born in space on the International Space Station. After her death, all her memories and that which defined her was recorded and archived. Two hundred years later, the collected memories, and essence so to speak, are recreated within the confines of Eden--which is the name by which the internet is known in the future. And herein lies all the collected knowledge of human history.

The game features five stages, leaderboards, and loads of unlockables such as visual and sound filters to affect and mix up the gameplay. There are also unlockable art and video galleries, and other items to ramp up the replay 
value for players. Stages also measure Purification rates (percentage of enemies cleared), and star-based ratings for each stage. Each playthrough of a stage is ranked from one to five stars, and collected stars are used to unlock the stages.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.


If using DVD Decrypter make sure Layer Break (For DL Media) is at 1913760 user specified option. As DVD Decrypter doesn't recognize .DVD files.


If your new to the Xbox360 scene do some research online.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!		