Artist: Reso

Album: Tangram Remixed

Released: 2013

Style: Dubstep

Format: MP3 320Kbps

Size: 103 Mb

Label: Civil Music (CIV054D)

    1. Reso - Axion (KOAN Sound Remix)
    2. Reso - Simple Pleasures (Om Unit Remix)
    3. Reso - Half Life (Billain Remix)
    4. Reso - Coronium (Doshy Remix)
    5. Reso - Check 1,2 (Starkey Remix)
    6. Reso - Check 1,2 (Emperor Remix)
    7. Reso - Check 1,2 (Danny Scrilla Remix)
    8. Reso - Check 1,2 (DJ Kentaro Remix)
    9. Reso - Ishimura (Drop the Lime's Dark Tunnels Remix)
    10.Reso - Ishimura (Evol Intent Remix)



Reso “Tangram Remixed” features KOAN Sound, Om Unit, Billain and Doshy remixes on the 12" vinyl plus the digital bundle also includes Starkey, Drop The Lime, DJ Kentaro, Danny Scrilla, Evol Intent and Emperor remixes

Since the latter half of the last decade, Alex Melia aka Reso has been blending heightened technological futurism with dancefloor prowess to create a densely cinematic musical universe. ‘Tangram’ Reso’s much anticipated debut album was released in Nov 2012 and received heavy support from Mixmag (Album of the month), XLR8R, The Guardian, FACT, RA, NME, as well as other key musical luminaries such as Liam Howlett, Skrillex, Skream & Benga, DJ Food, Salva, Rusko and more. A landmark thirteen track odyssey that reaffirms the place of the ‘album’ within modern electronic music, Tangram cemented Reso as one of the worlds most forward thinking producers

Tangram Remixed opens with KOAN Sound tackling 'Axion', pushing the tracks rhythmic possibilities yet further the OSWLA signed duo switch the glitching beat complexities into halftime stepping bliss. Remixer extraordinaire Om Unit perfectly balances 'Simple Pleasures' rich pads and dreamlike atmosphere with a slowfast footwork flux while Neurofunk god Billain delivers an exquisite and rare remix, a highly twisted take on the bass mechanics of 'Half Life'. Doshy closes the 12" with his unique neck snapping electro and trap infused rework of 'Coronium'.
The digital package also includes revisions of 'Check 1,2' by Philadelphia’s Starkey (Amen breaks and 8 bar grime), 18 year old D&B prodigy Emperor, Munich’s Danny Scrilla (Sub heavy dark, sparse ‘slower than it feels’ 85bpm O.G '06 bass) and Japanese 2 x DMC world Champion DJ Kentaro (beat-juggling, electro-workout with more edits than you can count) Plus remixes of 'Ishimura' by NYC's Drop the Lime (Dark shuffling techno) and Atlanta's Evol Intent (hard hitting D’n’B with a half time feel).