Last month I spontaneously took over the Dutch Treat series from my friend. He is now busy doing other things. To be honest, it`s harder then I thought. Just preventing doubles is a challenge. Most good tracks I found were already included in the last playlists. At first I did not notice and was building my lists around them. So I had to start all over again.

Dutch Treat mainly returns what is already on the net, so you do not have to scan all the crap that is out there. Sounds a bit arrogant but once you have listened to all the indie playlists, you know it quite useful to have some lists which can guarantee a balanced genre, sound, volume, sphere ratio. Music you can play for others then yourself, without getting hurt.

While filling in the electronic part, I noticed that the balance was shifted from music towards technique. Pity, I love the newness in Indie music, it`s inspiring. The handy work is for other things. Stimulation for instance. Useful but not really my cup of tea. But when done properly, I`ll recognize it.

First I thought to publish the lists under my own name (~@~). Nice and short. However the search engines can not handle this. So for your convenience we will keep the name Dutch Treat for now.

I also keep the same indicators (`I1 Very nice, HQ and mostly quiet, `I2 Solid Rock, `I3 Alternative and `I5 Electronic) but I want to add `I9. A kind of unsorted list with songs I did not find good enough to play for other (unknown) people, but too good to ignore.

All tracks will be 100% clean and fully labelled VBR MP3. Specs are time consuming and lead to DB errors, so look at the torrent itself when you want to know which songs you will be downloading. The order there in is carefully chosen and may be quite important because sudden changes in rhythm, volume or sphere might be really enjoying.

Have fun and enjoy (together)

PS: I make playlists because Music is nice. So give me some slack when I`m not conforming to an artificial rule. Using some older tracks for instance.

Indie Playlists 1303

I1 We Both Know (Ballades, Folk)
I2 I Found You (Solid Rock)
I3 Safe Side (Pop)
I3 Token (Pop)
I5 Need U (Electronic Rock)
I9 Play By Play (Folk, Pop, Rock, Electronic)
