South Park and Philosophy: You Know, I Learned Something Today (The Blackwell Philosophy & Pop Culture Series)

Mp3+ Pdf

Editorial Reviews
From Publishers Weekly
With a firm belief in the power of satire, and a number of complicated questions-including the morals of laughing at a ten-year-old's racist, sexually active hand-puppet-author and philosophy professor Arp presents an accessible collection of 22 essays on Comedy Central's controversial, long-running cartoon series South Park. Drawing on the usual suspects-Plato, Aristotle, Freud and Sartre among them-the contributors gleefully argue that the fiercely juvenile and politically incorrect show speaks to some of the most important issues of our-or any-time. In the first entry, William W. Young III draws comparisons between moralizing condemnation of South Park and the charges "leveled against Western philosophy since its beginnings" in a section titled "Oh my God! They Killed Socrates! You Bastards!" Other essays take on the "ethics of amusement" in the face of a Virgin Mary statue bleeding from a wholly inappropriate place, the existential crisis suggested by the Kenny's recurrent death and what a school mascot election between "a Giant Douche and a Turd Sandwich" says about America's two-party political system. Though the laundry list of philosophical issues-gender and sexuality, personal identity, the problem of evil, religious pluralism, the ethics of belief-feels familiar, and some of the writers' attempts at lowbrow humor can be embarrassingly off-mark, it's a serious but inviting roundup that high-minded South Park fans, as well as pop-philosophy devotees, will find worthwhile.
Copyright © Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Review
"Twenty-two philosophers can’t be wrong. Here to confirm suspicions that a relevant subtext exists beneath the potty-mouthed facade of Comedy Central’s “South Park” (now in its 10th season) is this indispensable collection of thought-provoking essays." Boston Herald, January 5, 2007.
“Move over, Kant. South Park and Philosophy embodies a new categorical imperative: Read this collection, laugh, and think.”
Nick Gillespie, Editor-in-Chief of Reason magazine

“Give Cartman some hemlock to drink so he can join Socrates for a meeting of the minds! Troubled by such philosophical conundrums as free will and determinism or the existence of God? Worry no more. Here you will find the way, the truth, and the light. Or not. Either way, if this book can’t interest this generation in philosophy, then we’re all screwed.”
Michael Shermer, Publisher of Skeptic magazine, monthly columnist for Scientific American, and the author of Why Darwin Matters

Book Description
If you think Saddam and Satan make a kinky couple, wait lsquo;til you get a load of South Park and Philosophy. Get your Big Wheels ready, because wersquo;re going for a ride as twenty-two philosophers take us down the road to understanding the big picture issues in this small mountain town. Is Dan Rather real? Should Big Gay Al be allowed to marry Mr. Slave? What does philosophy have to do with flatulence? Addressing the perennial questions of the show, and looking at the contemporary social and political issues that inspire each episode, this book unravels everything that might be wrong and could be right about South Park. Are American voters inevitably forced to choose between a turd and a douche? Does South Parkrsquo;s blasphemous humor go too far? If itrsquo;s OK to ridicule Islam, is it OK to skewer Scientology? And how does Cartmanland present the problem of evil? Grab a bag of cheesy-poofs and take a seat, because yoursquo;re about to find out. South Park and Philosophy is a smart and candid look at one of televisions most subversive and controversial shows. If you like Chefrsquo;s salty balls, yoursquo;ll love this book.
From the Back Cover
If you think Saddam and Satan make a kinky couple, wait till you get a load of South Park and Philosophy. Get your Big Wheels ready, because we’re going for a ride, as 22 philosophers take us down the road to understanding the big-picture issues in this small mountain town.
Is Dan Rather real? Should Big Gay Al be allowed to marry Mr. Slave? What does philosophy have to do with flatulence? Addressing the perennial questions of the show, and looking at the contemporary social and political issues that inspire each episode, this book unravels everything that might be wrong and could be right about South Park. Are American voters inevitably forced to choose between a turd and a douche? Does South Park’s blasphemous humor go too far? If it’s OK to ridicule Islam, is it OK to skewer Scientology? And how does Cartmanland present the problem of evil? Grab a bag of Cheesypoofs and take a seat, because you’re about to find out.

South Park and Philosophy is a smart and candid look at one of television’s most subversive and controversial shows. If you like Chef’s salty balls, you’ll love this book.

About the Author
Robert Arp is a philosopher and ontologist. He has taught at Southwest Minnesota State University and Florida State University, and is author of Scenario Visualization: An Evolutionary Account of Creative Problem Solving (MIT, 2008), co-author of Philosophy DeMYSTiFieD (McGraw-Hill, 2011) and Critical Thinking: An Introduction to Reasoning Well (Continuum, 2011), as well as co-editor of Contemporary Debates in the Philosophy of Biology (Wiley-Blackwell, 2009), Philosophy of Biology: An Anthology (Wiley-Blackwell, 2009), and Information and Living Systems: Philosophical and Scientific Perspectives (MIT, 2011).


Product Details
Paperback: 256 pages
Publisher: Blackwell Publishing; 1 edition (December 1, 2006)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1405161604
ISBN-13: 978-1405161602

