My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 8

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 2 - Former beauty queens

These Western Australians may be mother and daughter,  but they share much more than just their seriously wild streak.

Despite an age difference of 24 years between Lisa, 52 and Candice, 28, they're as close as sisters.
Both Perth residents, the twosome are originally from Busselton in southwest WA and are at heart still country girls who love to kick up their heels together. "We're stubborn and wild. We'll go out dancing all night," says Candice. "Someone says, ‘Shouldn't you go home?' Oh, hell no!"

They're not the only ones who love to get crazy, though. "It's our whole family," says Candice. "We're the party time tribe and we have what we call ‘fam jams', because we're all performers. Mum's a singer, I'm a dancer, my brother's a guitarist. I'd much rather have a family gathering at home than go to a restaurant. We will end up singing and dancing."

But by day comes responsibility – both women are school teachers. "And Mum was my lecturer at uni and she was my librarian teacher at primary school," laughs Candice.
Their love of food also comes from family. Both Candice's granddads have veggie gardens and orchards, chooks and one even has bees.

"Nana's younger brother opened the first butcher in Busselton. Nana was a florist and wedding organiser and cake decorator so we'd be given jobs like making fondant flowers, etc," says Candice proudly.

"Even when I was studying she'd hand me a grid to make cake lace," remembers Lisa. "Four sheets of lace, then you're let off.

As a family we're really close and Mum's kept all the family together with food. Every Australia Day she'd make the lamingtons,  we'd bring the eclairs, someone would have made pies and  there'd be prawns on the Weber. It's rubbed off on us."

To the point where at school morning teas, Candice will get her marking and reports done, then stay up late cooking sausage rolls or pies rather than stop for something on the way to work. "I hate it when someone brings in something bought," she says. "Even when I was studying at school I'd stay up late and make birthday cakes. Everyone needs a homemade cake on their birthday."

The one thing they tend to not share is cooking tasks. Candice sticks to sweets, Lisa to savoury.

"We're fiery in the kitchen. We scream and shout at each other," says Candice. "If everything's going well we won't say a word. But if we cross each other, it's world war three.
"But," says Lisa, "We've got a really resilient relationship. We'll tell each other to get stuffed and go away and our not-talking lasts for about five minutes."

