Liner Notes:

Empty House, Culture of the Me, People in the Dark, Lanigan'z Ball, Drop the Dime, Jimmy'z Return, Are You Willing?, The Black & Tanz, Kumbia del Sol, Get It and Make Believe were all recorded with The LeperKhanz:

www.leperkhanz.com
There's an album on iTunes, Amazon, Google Play, etc... If you want to give me money or whatever, go buy it on Google Play or CDbaby.

The Herb, Ms Thornton's Reel, and Beer:30 were all recorded with “The Green Jacket” There's an album on iTunes, CDbaby, etc., some of the other tracks are cool too.

Cowboy (originally by “Suffer the Heat”) and The Black Haired Lass were recorded with Rolling Down the Hill or one of it's various incarnations (Whiskey Rebellion, City by the Sea) at a later date.  I love all my old friends from “Suffer the Heat”.  RIP Travis.

Dusty Roadz was recorded with The Clydzdale Jockeyz and is the oldest recording of the lot, I believe dating back to 2001.  Co-written with Nino.

All of Me was recorded with my wife Jackleen, and obviously some other friends along the way. Ryan, Katie, Mikey.... I don't remember all who was in on All of Me. :)  It’s an old jazz standard, hopefully out of copyright by now.  If not, fuck it, and fuck you copyright nazis.

Hunger Strike and The Island Claimed them All were recorded with The Bleeding Irish. Warped Tour veterans 2008 hollah! LMAO They also have albums out, but I'm not on them (mostly), and frankly they are not nearly as good as the band was at one point.

The Good Old Timez and Satan Rules Everything were recorded primarily by myself because reliable co-workers are very difficult to find in the music biz. I apologize for not being able to find a drummer, in particular.  Maybe when I make millions from my other work I can go and record these and the rest of my shit with Rick Rubin.  If he’s still alive and doesn’t have tinnitus.

Much love to all my friends and family, and most of my old musician co workers. Fuck these corporations and their shitty corrupt government, and the bullshit corporate media that promotes their false legitimacy.  JFK was murdered by George Bush Sr.
