POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Wars & Rumors of Wars - 21 - Secret Scalar Wars Vol 1

POtHS Comments on This one: They are coming.

Description:
Secret Scalar Wars Vol 1:

ASTONISHING MASSIVE HAARP Sonic Sculpting to Deceive the Masses HAS:
Over Greenland, a single intermittent sonic blast is emitted from a satellite in Static Orbit. (I believe it is Russian.) With one blast, the pattern is laid in? the corresponding conductive nuclei over Greenland and escorted eastward with several TTA's in the area working in concert. The sonic undulation patterns are profound. And the single sonic blast over Greenland is visualized on another map creating images, like metals on a sheet above a carved magnet.

The Weather Channel shows icy chemcloud sculptures in the sky
that span entire nations.  More images than were presented here. 
http://www.weatherchannel.com.au/WeatherMap

Though not pointed out in the video, multi-directional sonic undulation is visible throughout the images.  It has begun my friends on a massive scale!

AND SO IT BEGINS...
-----------------------------------------------------------

Holes in Heaven -  HAARP and Advances in Tesla Technology:
The late Carl Sagan said (which is related to this documentary): WeΓÇÖve arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. WeΓÇÖve also arranged things so that almost no one understands science or technology. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later, this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces. This documentary film poses the question: Are we making Holes in Heaven? HAARP (High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program) is a controversial high frequency radio transmitter, or ΓÇ£ionospheric heater,ΓÇ¥ which is believed to be descended from the works of Nikola Tesla and is operated by the U.S. Navy/Air Force and Phillip Laboratories in remote Gakona, Alaska.


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


   
       
      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    

