genre: adventure / point-and-click / modern
release date: October 8, 2010
compatible with: Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
languages: Audio: English, French, German, Russian. Text: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Polish, Russian.
developer / publisher: Daedalic Entertainment / Daedalic Entertainment
game modes: single-player

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
manual
2 wallpapers
soundtrack
21 avatars
39 artworks
9 concept art

What's cool about it:

A masterpiece, written by the creators of 'The Whispered World', 'The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav', 'Harvey's New Eyes'.
A fully fledged adventure-thriller, tackling on the contemporary issue of global warming.
Unique graphic novel style with an hour worth of animated comic cutscenes.

Overview:

Bioengineer Bent Svensson had to resign from researching alternative ways of generating energy. Now, the former workaholic lives a secluded life in the remote forests of Norway. His early peaceful retirement is invaded by Fay, a young woman claiming to be a time traveler from the future. She tries to convince him that she's here to prevent the climate cataclysm from happening and, according to her, Bent's research is the last hope to achieve just that. However, his results are on the verge of falling into the hands of a reckless energy tycoon who cares for nothing but his own profit. Together, Bent and Fay now have to put an end to the imminent global catastrophe.

A New Beginning is a cinematic adventure-thriller done graphic novel-style. In this charming and witty adventure, Earth is on the brink of impending climate disaster. It's essential to travel the world in order to spare mankind and save the whole from this terrible fate.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8, Processor 2 GHz (Single Core) or 1.8 GHz (Dual Core), 1.5 GB RAM (2 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with OpenGL 2.0 with a minimum of 256 MB RAM (ATI Radeon or NVIDIA Geforce recommended) , 5 GB HDD, DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card, mouse, keyboard.

Install and play
