This fills a request from BabiesDontNeedSpleens.

As far as I can tell, this relatively recent Nothing-Novus release is a complete collection of the 3-part 2011 digital comic.

Please seed and share with our friends on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

The Thing Returns to Dark Horse Comics! Free Digitally, now!
09/21/2011 11:10am

A FREE DIGITAL COMIC THAT SERVES AS A PREQUEL TO THE NEW THRILLER IN THEATERS OCTOBER 14! 

Dark Horse Comics is pleased to announce that it has created an exclusive digital comic to serve as a prequel to the thriller "The Thing," in theaters October 14.  Starting today, the comic will be released in three parts on September 21, September 28 and October 5 and is available FREE online and via the free Dark Horse Comics mobile app.  The Thing: The Northman Nightmare tells the origin story of pioneering Norsemen who discover a shape-shifting creature that is hiding in a desolate village with few human survivors.

In December 1991, Dark Horse Comics first published The Thing From Another World #1.  In the style of Aliens, Predator and Terminator, Dark Horse Comics picked up where John CarpenterΓÇÖs classic 1982 film left off.  Now, 20 years later, Dark Horse shares a much earlier story about this creature from beneath the ice. 

Taking us into frigid Greenland, the comic introduces us to a group of Norsemen who find themselves caught in a game of survival when they discover a terrifying creature.  The shape-shifting monster has the ability to turn itself into a perfect replica of any living being.  It can look just like you or me, but inside, it remains inhuman.  And it hides somewhere in a desolate village with few human survivors, among them a strange group of women...

The Thing: The Northman Nightmare is written by Steve Niles (Criminal Macabre), with art by Patric Reynolds (Serenity), colors by Dave Stewart (Hellboy) and a cover by Menton3 (Silent Hill).  The Thing: The Northman Nightmare comes to readers as a prequel to Universal Pictures' upcoming prelude to John Carpenter's classic 1982 film of the same name.