Kaspersky Labs Kaspersky Password Manager

Kaspersky Password Manager is an indispensable tool for the active Internet user. It fully automates the process of entering passwords and other data into websites and saves the user going to the trouble of creating and remembering multiple passwords.

When you use Kaspersky Password Manager to log in, you can rest assured that your data is safe. The software creates exceptionally strong passwords and prevents your login information from being stolen. All confidential data is encrypted and kept in a dedicated database on your computer.

Kaspersky Password Manager makes your web experience safer, quicker and more convenient.

Highlights

Allows you to access websites and applications with just a single click of the mouse
Stores your passwords in an encrypted database on your computer
Creates a strong, unique password for each account
Includes a mobile version that can be loaded from a flash drive and run on another computer
Fills in lengthy forms for you automatically

System Requirements

Operating Systems

Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition
Microsoft Windows XP Professional
Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows Vista Business (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows 7 Professional (32/64 bit)
Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate (32/64 bit)
Windows 8 (32/64 bit)
Windows 8 Pro (32/64 bit)
Windows 9 Enterprise (32/64 bit)

Hardware Requirements

At least 512 MB available RAM
10 MB free space on the hard drive
computer mouse

Homepage: http://www.kaspersky.com/kaspersky-password-manager

Installation Instructions:

- Install Program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Use any serial to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.