Fela Anikulapo Kuti - Original Suffer Head [Mp3 128] TNT Village

.: Release Originale :.
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/index.php?showtopic=233402
 
http://img24.imageshack.us/img24/5527/originalsufferhead19808.jpg

Fela Anikulapo Kuti (15 October 1938 ΓÇö 2 August 1997), or simply Fela, was a Nigerian multi-instrumentalist 
musician and composer, pioneer of afrobeat music, human rights activist, and political maverick.
By the early '80s Fela had already honed his intensely polyrhythmic Afrobeat sound to perfection, and these two 
recordings feature all of the extended vamps, roiling rhythms, searing horns, call-and-response vocals, and 
political invective he was known for.

ORIGINAL SUFFER HEAD marks the debut of Fela's Egypt 80 band, an ensemble that continued the thread of Fela's 
earlier albums while adding an increasing musical complexity. As is the case with much of Fela's work, the album 
makes criticism of the lack of basic necessities for African citizens, despite a wealth at the time from oil deposits, 
and the lyrics here address the political injustices of Nigeria at the time, satirizing public officials while 
commanding the people to get up/stand up. But the real revolutionary tenor of this music comes through in its sprawling 
grooves, whether on the relentlessly driving "Original Suffer Head," the chill, jazzy "Power Show," or the roiling, 
polyphonal "I.T.T. Pt. 1 & 2." I.T.T. (International Telephone and Telegraph) is a direct attack upon the president of 
Nigeria and the head of I.T.T. It was clear attack on the corruption of these high level officials whp were in collusion 
with foreign business and exploiting the average Nigerian.

Personnel includes: 
Fela Kuti (vocals, tenor saxophone, piano); 
Lekan Animashaun (leader, baritone saxophone); 
Tunde Brown (guitar);
Akwete Owona (bass Guitar) 
Yomi Ogundipe, Okalue Ojeah (tenor guitar)
Kiala Ngala (rhythm guitar) 
Nana Femi Ankulapo Kuti (alto saxophone); 
Adeniran Oyinade (tenor saxophone); 
Acheampong Kola Oni, (baritone saxophone); 
Otenioro Olu-Ifayeun, Oye Shobowale (trumpet); 
Oye Sosowale (flugelhorn); 
Durotimi Ikujenyo, Dele Shosimi (rhythm piano); 
Nicholas Avom, Masefswe Anam (drums); 
Essiet Udoh, Dele Osho (congas).
Alele Adamu (percussion-sticks)
Alake Anikulapo-Kuti, Fehintola Anikulapo-Kuti, 
Ihase Anikulapo-Kuti, Ronke Anikunifa, 
Sewanu Akran (vocals)

1- ORIGINAL SUFFER HEAD     21,09
2- POWER SHOW     14,47
3- I.T.T.     24,02

Format: MPEG Audio
Format version: Version 1
Format profile: Layer 3
Mode: Joint stereo
Bit rate mode: Constant
Bit rate: 128kbps
Channel(s): 2 channels
Sampling rate: 44.1KHz