Leigh Ashford - Kinfolk [1971]





01 Dickens
02 Mighty Fine Cookin'
03 Never Give Myself
04 Juicy Lucy
05 County Country
06 Good Day
07 Lee Oompa Kum Pah Pah
08 Lady
09 Sicawine Part 1
10 Sicawine Part 2





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:



Leigh Ashford was a rock group formed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and which existed between 1966 and 1974.

The group was formed in 1967 by, the guitarist Gord Waszek, drummer Dave Cairns, bassist Joe Agnello and keyboard player Newton Garwood. In 1968 a lead singer was added for more dynamics...Percussionist Vocalist Glenn Brown was recruited from another iconic Toronto band , A Passing Fancy ...During his stint in the band Leigh Ashford opened for the bands The Foundations and The Who at the Rockpile in 1969....Glenn was also there for the successful audition with Jack Richardson but left the band for personal reasons before the recordings....Glenn was co-writer for Country Place... ., record producer Jack Richardson took the band to New York to record. A single "Country Place" was released on the Nimbus 9 label, but the album itself was never issued.

The band kept busy in the clubs in Toronto until 1970. At this time Garwood was replaced by keyboardist Bruno Weckerle, Craig Kaleal (of The Witness) became the permanent drummer and a new vocalist Buzz Shearman was added. The band was invited to appear at three day long, Strawberry Fields Festival, in August 1970. In 1971, they recorded their debut album called Kinfolk in the RCA studios in Toronto. Things were looking good for the band with a US tour. In addition, the album's first single, "Dickens", began gaining attention of US radio stations. However creative differences due to member turn-over rate was breaking the band up. It fell to singer Buzz Shearman to pick up the pieces and soldier on in 1972, when founding members Gord Waszek joining Fludd and Joe Agnello joining Grant Smith & The Power. Wally Cameron and Doni Underhill also decided to leave in 1974, with Underhill also joining Fludd. Shearman recruited Earl Johnson (guitar, and former member of the King Biscuit Boy band), Kim Fraser, then Terry Juric (bass guitar) and Bill Wade (drums), the latter being former members of Outlaw Music. This group ultimately evolved with a harder sound into the hit recording act Moxy in late 1974.

In 1997, Pacemaker Records re-issued the sole Leigh Ashford album, Kinfolk, on CD.

