 Colleen Craig, "Pilates on the Ball: The World's Most Popular Workout Using the Exercise Ball"
English | ISBN: 0892819812 | 2001 | EPUB | 192 pages | 3,9 MB

A unique and exciting synthesis of two highly acclaimed fitness techniques: Pilates Method and the Swiss exercise ball.
ΓÇó Non-impact Pilates exercises on the ball can be adapted for all levels of ability, from fitness trainers and weekend athletes to those healing from injury or chronic back pain.
ΓÇó Shows how to practice Pilates techniques without expensive equipment.
ΓÇó Profusely illustrated with black-and-white photographs for maximal learning.
The Pilates Method of body conditioning is a highly effective workout technique that strengthens the body while engaging the mind. Developed in the early twentieth century by accomplished boxer and gymnast Joseph Pilates, the Pilates Method aligns the body; builds long, lean muscles; and develops core abdominal strength. Many lifestyle and fitness magazines have named Pilates the hottest workout of the decade.
In a first-of-its-kind fusion, Pilates on the Ball merges the principles and exercises of the highly effective Pilates Method of body conditioning with the unique functions of the exercise ball, used by Olympic coaches, dancers, and athletes to fine-tune body awareness and enhance physical performance. The ball magnifies the benefits of the carefully developed and refined Pilates Method. Because maintaining balance on the ball recruits the deep, stabilizing muscles of the spine, the postural muscles are strengthened. The ball intensifies athletic performance by increasing resistance and heightening awareness of how the body moves in space. Chapters detail the Pilates principles step by step, with successive movements to challenge all levels of ability and "watch points" for careful evaluation of your form. Intense enough to engage seasoned athletes yet accessible enough to use as an everyday exercise routine or to alleviate chronic pain, Pilates on the Ball builds strong bodies and engaged minds.
