 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51AkPljrGJL.jpg


Prayfit: Your Guide to A Healthy Body and A Stronger Faith in 28 Days 

Publisher: Regal
Jimmy Pena
2010 
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0830756515
ASIN: B006CDCWIC
EPUB
256 pages 
5.66 MB

From the exercise physiologist of Tyler Perry and Mario Lopez comes PrayFit, a whole person fitness system designed to strengthen body and deepen faith. At its core, PrayFit is about effort: giving your best in two areas that are vital to well-being—faith and fitness. The underlying approach is simple: Make a daily appointment to spend quality time with the Lord and to exercise. 
 This 28-day plan guides readers of any fitness level to begin a workout routine that can be done at home with little to no equipment, to make small but effective changes in their diet and to grow in biblical knowledge and spiritual strength. As they follow the specially designed meal plans and workouts, readers will see the physical results of their efforts almost immediately—and as they reflect on the daily devotional reading (contributions from Pastor Jimmy Page, VP of Field Ministry and National Director of Wellness for the Fellowship of Christian Athletes) and Scripture verses, they will begin to understand the eternal dimension of giving their best. Living God’s promised abundant life isn’t only about faith . . . though that’s where it starts. PrayFit is the best way to claim that promise both inside and out.

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51EofwXkE-L.jpg


The Aztec Diet: Chia Power: The Superfood that Gets You Skinny and Keeps You Healthy 


Publisher: William Morrow
Bob Arnot
2013 
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0062124056
ISBN-13: 978-0062124050
PDF ,MOBI 
288 pages 
5.54 MB

Chia Power can make you skinny, strong, and healthy
 The Aztecs cultivated the world's most nutritious foods, which provided them with the strength to build one of civilization's greatest empires. The key to the astounding fitness and energy levels of the Aztec warriors? The miracle superfood: chia. Already fueling endurance athletes and distance runners like those featured in the bestselling book Born to Run, chia is quickly gaining popularity as the biggest diet breakthrough in years. Now, in The Aztec Diet, New York Times bestselling author Dr. Bob Arnot incorporates the eating habits of this mighty civilization into our modern-day lives to unlock the answer to lasting weight-loss success. 

 Follow The Aztec Diet's three-phase plan to lose weight quickly and effortlessly, improve overall health and wellness, end hunger cravings, and eliminate the exhaustion that accompanies blood-sugar spikes and drops.

 Phase I jump-starts your weight loss, supercharging your metabolism with three chia smoothies per day.
 Phase II keeps you satisfied, replacing the midday smoothie with a delicious and nutritious lunch to help avoid the all-too-familiar dieter's plateau.
 Phase III maintains your target weight for good with a guide to smart food choices and healthful recipes to keep your mind and body in top form.

 With simple, delicious recipes and countless ways to include the superfood benefits of chia in every meal, The Aztec Diet provides all the tools necessary to keep you motivated and on track as you begin the journey to a better, healthier you.

