STG FolderPrint Plus

Print and visualize your folders. Find out where your hard drive space went - and locate all your hard-to-find junk files.

Get a great view of your hard drive (sample) and find out what folders are using more space. Save money by avoiding buying a new hard drive, when all you had to do was delete files you didn't even know you still had! 

Use the move, copy and multiple file rename functions to quickly organize your files and save disk space. 

Choose just the columns you want - no need to waste paper or your time with columns you don't need. 

Lists can include extra music information - music titles, author names, and more. Get an easy catalog of your music with full detail. 

View, find and print all files inside ZIP files. No need to open them one by one to figure out just what is in files2011.zip. 

Export your folders to documents (Text), (CSV), Excel, PDF, images (JPG, PNG) or web pages (HTML). You can easily put them on the web, change them more in Excel or send them to a friend. 

Use our CD-ROM Cover Report to print cover for your data CDs and DVDs - and never again have to open them on your computer just to figure out where that file you need is! 

Features

Allows you to print and visualize large numbers of folders and files - your whole hard drive at once!
FAST!
MP3 and WMA support - add length, artist name, etc to your output.
View and print the files inside your ZIP files.
Graphical Output, including file type icons and the folder hierarchy.
Filter by as many file masks as you want (include or exclude), dates or file sizes.
Sort, reorder, resize or remove any column, get the exact look you want.
Many print options - colors, backgrounds, headers, footers, etc.
Export to HTML, Excel, CSV, JPG, PNG, PDF Or Text
Multiple file rename.
MP3 Copy/Move Tool - creates folders with the band, album name, or whatever you like.
File Versions for EXEs and DLLs.
File Type Report - easily figure out which kind of files are taking up space.
Compact Output - get the name of all files while saving paper.
CD-ROM Cover Report - get a nice printed cover you can insert in CD cases.
Print your Favorites with the URL extract option.
Multilingual Interface - English, German, Brazilian Portuguese, French and Spanish.

System Requirements: 

Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8

Homepage: http://www.stgsys.com/fpp.asp 

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.