Isochronic tones are regular beats of a single tone used for brainwave entrainment. Similar to monaural beats, the interference pattern that produces the beat is outside the brain so headphones are not required for entrainment to be effective. They differ from monaural beats, which are constant sine wave pulses rather than entirely separate pulses of a single tone. As the contrast between noise and silence is more pronounced than the constant pulses of monaural beats, the stimulus is stronger and has a greater effect on brain entrainment. Isochronic tones work by emitting sound at regular intervals. This excites the thalamus and causes the brain to duplicate the frequency of the Isochronic tones, changing its thought patterns. Isochronic tones are evenly spaced tone pulses unlike binaural beats isochronic tones do not rely on the combination of two tones in your ear via headphones. The beat or tone is created by turning a tone on and off repeatedly. Isochronic tones produce a very strong cortical response in the brain. People who don't respond to binaural tones often respond well to isochronic tones.

Beta, Alpha, Theta and Delta Brain Waves: Twenty four hours a day, your brain fires off electrical impulses at a speed that makes the fastest computer in the world seem slow by comparison. If you were hooked up to an EEG machine for 24 hours straight, without saying a word, your brain waves would give a pretty good picture of how youΓÇÖre feeling just by your brain wave activity. Brainwave states fall into 5 categories.

DELTA BRAIN WAVES: 0-4 Hz (cycles per second)
Delta brainwaves are the slowest brainwave activity. Delta brain waves occur during deep, dreamless sleep and are seen predominantly in newborns and infants. Delta brainwaves rarely occur in adults.

THETA BRAIN WAVES: 4-8 Hz (cycles per second)
Theta brainwaves are the second slowest brainwave activity. Theta occurs when your conscious mind is disengaged, such as in dreaming sleep, REM (rapid eye movement) sleep and deep meditation or self hypnosis. Many adults only attain the Theta brainwave state in their sleep, and can not seem to reach or sustain the Theta state when they are awake. Interestingly, the planet Earth resonates at a Theta frequency of 7.83 Hz, a frequency known as Schumann Resonances.

ALPHA BRAIN WAVES: 8-12 Hz (cycles per second)
Alpha is a state of relaxation and daydreaming and the state associated with pre-sleep and pre-waking drowsiness. Alpha brainwaves are associated with an effortless state of consciousness. Watching television can induce your mind to slip from Beta to the Alpha state, and children tend to play in Alpha. Serotonin release occurs in the Alpha brain wave state, at about 10 Hz.

BETA BRAIN WAVES: 12-30/34 Hz (cycles per second)
Beta brain waves are known as the awake state, indicating a strongly engaged mind. The Beta brainwave state is where we focus, learn, create, study, memorize, write and function in our day to day lives. Low Beta is associated with concentration and alertness and higher levels of Beta activity are associated with stress, anxiety and fight or flight reactions. Lack of low beta activity is associated with disorders such as depression, ADD, addiction, OCD and other anxiety disorders.