Never found this band in any tracker, so here it is! Enjoy and seed!
Tracklist:
[1993] Push & Profit:
 01 - Diminished
 02 - The Reasoning Wall
 03 - Carmilla
 04 - The Nursery Year
 05 - Faces of the Petty
 06 - Systems
 07 - Blueprint
 08 - America
[1997] Unfolded Like Staircase
 01 - Canto IV (Limbo)
 02 - Crutches
 03 - Into the Dream
 04 - Before the Storm, Part 1
 05 - Before the Storm, Part 2
[2010] Live Days
[2011] To Shatter All Accord
 01 - Circuitry
 02 - When the Walls are Down
 03 - Dead City
 04 - When She Dreams She Dreams in Color
 05 - Rogue

Only missing [1995] Live Into the Dream... 

Discipline biography
DISCIPLINE is one of those rare cases of obscurity combined with reverence. Much like Änglagård was the Swedish phenomenon, DISCIPLINE was the U.S. counterpart. They are bands that released two highly praised studio albums in the '90s, and then disappeared. The ensuing passage of time allowed them to become legendary. The most obvious difference from Änglagård being that the DISCIPLINE albums are still readily available.
 
Even though they did not have an official release until 1993, the band had been around since 1987. Guitarist John Preston Bouda, drummer Paul Dzendzel, bass player Mathew Kennedy, and singer/multi-instumentalist Matthew Parmenter began in a place that is not usually considered fertile ground for prog. When one thinks of Detroit (Michigan) music, it usually conjures images of Motown, Ted Nugent, or Iggy Pop. I lived in the area in 1987, and I can tell you that I was not looking for the next best thing to Marillion to emerge in my neck of the woods. However, they took the bull by the horns, and created a loyal following in the Detroit area. It wasn't just the challenging music that drew fans. The live shows harkened back to Gabriel-era Genesis. Matthew Parmenter changed costumes for each song, and wore his now trademark mime makeup. This led to his nick name, The Magic Acid Mime. They had no recording contract, but their cassette tapes were very well received.
 
In 1993 Discipline recorded their first proper album, "Push & Profit." It wasn't exactly a smash, but it was a critical success. A supporting tour in Norway also proved that they had moved far beyond local hero status. To get proper albums out there, they created their own independent label. DISCILPNE, and Matthew Parmenter, are the only artists on Strung Out Records. "Push and Profit" was not your typical Neo fare. They took cues from many different areas of the prog realm. Where lesser bands using this approach might seem unfocused, DISCILPNE blended it together as if this is the way it is supposed to be done.
 
1997 saw the release of the much-heralded "Unfolded Like a Staircase." Most (if not all) of the whimsy found on the debut was gone. This was a much darker album, and consisted of four long tracks. For this album, a Peter Hammill influence was very much in the forefront. That did not deter the fans, and it solidified what was to become their legendary status.
 
Although the studio albums were spaced out over four years, that did not mean these guys didn't keep busy. They toured often, and played ProgDay for five consecutive years. Parmenter also appeared as a guest on other artists' albums. However, by the end of the decade, it was over. Mathew Kennedy joined Parmenter's nephew in Eyestrings, and Matthew Parmenter focused on a solo career. He released his first solo album, "Astray," in 2005. The only other musician appearing on the album was Mathew Kennedy, so it wasn't that far from home. DISCILPNE was not completely out of sight before this either. There were a series of live recordings released between 2000 and 2005.
 
So, that brings us to 2008. Just when you thought it would never happen, DISCILPNE is reforming. The band was booked to play NEARfest 2008, and is doing a small gig on their home turf, with fellow Detroit proggers Tiles. At this time, these are the only dates scheduled. We can only hope it will lead to a full reunion, and new music.
 
H.T. Riekels (bhikkhu)
[From progarchives]