Barbie Doll MILF and XRCO Deep Throat Award Winner endures rough sex, throat fucking and orgasms! | Angelina Valentine | Matt Williams

January 9, 2013 
 
  
MP4 only 
    
 
Smoking hot Angelina Valentine is back on the fastest growing BaRRs site (Bondage and Rough Sex) in the world. With huge tits, and amazing phat ass and blow job lips, this girl is built for one thing and one thing only. Lets see if she can walk the walk.

Angelina is bound sitting spread on the edge of the bed, held in place by a neck rope. Breathing is easy, the rope merely holds her, while she sits there is no danger. However, if she chooses Angelina can pull against the rope to create stress. Every girl does pull, as they start to cum, t's in their DNA. 

We begin by vibrating this bombshell's hot shaved pussy. She is helpless to prevent the orgasms that overcome her body. When Angelina cums, she cums hard. Her body tries to twist away, her clit is too sensitive but we hold tight and she cums again. 

After her 3rd orgasm we quickly untie her legs, bend her back over the side of the bed and skull fuck her pretty face deep and hard. Her big, blow job lips wrap around the cock as we slide it deep down her throat, over and over. You can actually see the cock expand her throat as it plunges up and down. We now control her air intake with cock, we can hold it all the way deep down her throat and she must endure. How long can she hold her breath?

We skull fuck her into subspace, then flip her over on to her back and bury the hard cock ballls deep into her wet cunt. We fuck her deep and hard, bouncing those huge tits in the process. We cycle back and forth from brutal face fucking to pussy fucking. Angelina is being used and used hard, and she knows it. Back and forth we use each hole, she is a drooling slobbering cum drunk whore being fucked into the ground.

In the end Angelina is dazed. We set her up on the bed, spread her legs, tighten up the neck rope and make her cum with a vibrator over and over. Angelina is gone, cum drunk overload. Her eyes stare out into empty space, her body quivers with aftershocks. We leave her on the bed, tightly bound and helpless, wondering when we will return to use her again.... 
 
Screens  
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/01_09angelina2/SexuallyBroken-Angelina-Valentine-Matt-Williams-Barbie-Doll-MILF-and-XRCO-Deep-Throat-Award-Winner-endures-rough-sex-throat-fucking-and-orgasms.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

