Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:
	 Kristen Stewart	 ...	
Bella Swan
	 Robert Pattinson	 ...	
Edward Cullen
	 Taylor Lautner	 ...	
Jacob Black
	 Peter Facinelli	 ...	
Dr. Carlisle Cullen
	 Elizabeth Reaser	 ...	
Esme Cullen
	 Ashley Greene	 ...	
Alice Cullen
	 Jackson Rathbone	 ...	
Jasper Hale
	 Kellan Lutz	 ...	
Emmett Cullen
	 Nikki Reed	 ...	
Rosalie Hale
	 Billy Burke	 ...	
Charlie Swan
	 Chaske Spencer	 ...	
Sam Uley
	 Mackenzie Foy	 ...	
Renesmee
	 Maggie Grace	 ...	
Irina
	 Jamie Campbell Bower	 ...	
Caius
	 Christopher Heyerdahl	 ...	
Marcus
Full cast and crew »
Edit
Storyline
The final Twilight Saga begins with Bella now a vampire learning to use her abilities. And happy to see her daughter, Renesmme is flourishing. But when someone sees Renesmme do something that makes them think that she was turned. This person goes to the Volturri, because it is a violation to turn a child. And the penalty is death for both who turned the child into a vampire and the child, cause they deem a turned child too dangerous. Alice gets a vision of the Volturri coming after them. So the Cullens try to convince them that Renesmme is not a threat. So they ask friends and family to come stand with them. But when someone who has it in for the Volturri shows up and tells them they should be ready for a fight. And they get ready. Written by rcs0411@yahoo.com

Plot Summary | Plot Synopsis
Plot Keywords: Vampire | Witness | European | Head Cut Off | Half Breed | See more »
Taglines: The epic finale that will live forever
Genres: Adventure | Drama | Fantasy | Romance
Parents Guide: View content advisory »
Edit
Details
Official Sites: Official| Official site | See more »
Country: USA
Language: English
Release Date: 16 November 2012 (USA) See more »
Also Known As: La saga Crepúsculo: Amanecer - Parte 2 See more »
Filming Locations: Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA See more »
Box Office
Budget: $120,000,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend: $141,067,634 (USA) (16 November 2012)
Gross: $291,075,689 (USA) (25 January 2013)
See more »
Company Credits
Production Co: Summit Entertainment, Temple Hill Entertainment, Sunswept Entertainment See more »
Show detailed company contact information on IMDbPro »
Technical Specs
Runtime: 115 min
Sound Mix: Datasat  | Dolby Digital
Color: Color
Aspect Ratio: 2.35 : 1
See full technical specs »
Edit
Did You Know?
Trivia
The first "Twilight" movie in the entire series to have a complete opening credit sequence. See more »
Goofs
When Bella is on the highway back from Seattle, the speed limit marks 80kmph. The US uses miles, not kilometers. See more »
Quotes
Bella Cullen: Nessie? You nicknamed my daughter after the Loch Ness Monster? 
See more »
Crazy Credits
Every actor to appear in the Twilight Saga films is featured in the ending credits. See more »
Connections
Referenced in RiffTrax Live: Jack the Giant Killer (2011) 
But soon it will be Breaking Dawn parts 1 & 2 See more »
Soundtracks
"Love Theme"
