


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Victory Over Sin and Evil Vol 20 - The Judgment Seat




OVER

and

Thru Grace




POtHS says: Here's how you beat Satan at his own Game.

Description:

This download includes a variety of sermons from various preachers to lift your spirits and bring you closer to our Lord and Savior.  Such are the pleasures in our Victory over Sin and Evil.  Enjoy!


John D Martin -- The Kingdom:
In this sermon John D Martin preaches on the teaching of "The Kingdom of God." He describes this as a teaching that is very neglected by modern Christianity. He points out that this is particularly disturbing considering that it is the most popular topic of Jesus. In discussing the Kingdom John D gives a wonderful definition of what a "kingdom Community" should look like. He says that it is an example to the world of what it should look like if everyone would follow the teachings of Jesus. That's what the church should be! In describing the theme of the kingdom John D highlights a few of the "kingdom Teachings" that are most neglected including love, materialism, helping the poor, economics, servant-leadership, brotherhood and community.

This message was given at Kingdom Fellowship Weekend 2012. The audience was mainly conservative Mennonites or other Anabaptists. Therefore, dome of his rebukes are particularly addressed to them. However, I think it is fair to say that the rebukes can be given to the body of Christ at large as well.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Signs in the Heavens - Pastor Mark Biltz May 28 2012:
I found this simply AMAZING !!!  I hope you enjoy.  Below is the description from the original uploader...
Ge 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:
Lu 21:25 And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars;
Ro 10:17,18 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God. But 

                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
