Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue

The development team behind the award-winning game Decisive Campaigns: From Warsaw To Paris is back with a new and improved game engine that focuses on the decisive  year and theater of World War II!
 
Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue is the second title in the critically-acclaimed Decisive Campaigns series, with tons of new features and set on the epic canvas of the Eastern Front in 1942. Produced and developed by a dedicated and expert team of professionals, Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue comes packed with deep gameplay, detailed unit data and rich historical scenarios based on extensive research.  Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue sets a new standard and is sure to excite and entice any operational strategy game fan!
 
It is the summer of 1942 on the Eastern Front, and Case Blue is about to begin. The German Wehrmacht must continue their drive to Stalingrad and into the Caucasus in order to secure victory against the Soviet Army. As time passes and the battles rage on, winter arrives and with it the Soviet winter counter-offensive dashes hopes of a speedy victory for the Wehrmacht.
 
Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue features an easy-to-learn interface and a challenging AI for all levels of players. Among the many new features for the Decisive Campaigns series is the optional high command order system, which puts you in the position of the historical commander, with often difficult and unrealistic goals assigned by your superiors. Succeed and you may be able to guide the future strategy of the campaign ΓÇô fail and you may find yourself removed from command or facing a firing squad!
 
The new full campaign scenarios cover a remarkable sweep of history, including the full Case Blue campaign with all of its many historical options.  The order of battle may change based on your performance and the entire direction of the campaign is even within your reach if you do well enough.  Whether you start in the summer of 1942 or take control as Operation Uranus begins, there are virtually endless ΓÇ£what ifsΓÇ¥ in each of these remarkably detailed campaigns.
 
With three large campaign scenarios, additional smaller scenarios, and a 1st Panzer Army linked scenario campaign, along with a full scenario editor, Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue is sure to delight operational wargamers and fans of the Eastern Front.  DonΓÇÖt forget to take the battles online through the exceptional PBEM++ system, which makes finding opponents a breeze!




**ANONYMOUSJERK**


HOW TO INSTALL

1. Unzip using .7zip
2. Launch DWSetupCrack.exe
3. Launch "Decisive Campaigns - Case Blue.exe"
4. Once you reach the serial input screen click "Crack Setup" in DWSetupCrack.exe and it will allow to continue to next step.
5. Finish install.
6. Install patches from publisher website (www.matrixgames.com) and use DWSetupCrack.exe to install them in the same fashion.
7. Have fun!

WARGAMES RULE!