RELEASE NOTES:
--------------
        Clean. Simple. Powerful.
 

        Streamlined social news feeds:

        Trillian 5's Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn support is fast,
        uniform and integrated.
        ╖ Comprehensive: More types of feeds, like Facebook events and
          Twitter searches.
        ╖ Flexible: Store feeds in your contact list and/or system tray.
        ╖ Quick: Instant updates to all services are just one click away.
        ╖ Interactive: View likes and read/write comments directly within
          Trillian.
        ╖ Detailed: Links and pictures are expanded automatically to
          avoid opening the web browser.
 
        Designed for Windows 7
        ╖ Trillian 5 feels right at home in all versions of Windows. Our
          clean and pleasant user interface has been carefully designed
          to smoothly integrate with the operating system.
 
        Synchronized chat history
        ╖ Never miss a message again with Trillian 5's fully
          synchronized chat history. The power of the Trillian network
          ensures your contact list, accounts, and chat history are
          automatically shared between your desktops and phones!
 
        Foursquare with GPS support
        ╖ Our newly-supported Foursquare plugin lets you meet up with
          new friends and discover new places! Powered by the GPS support
          in Windows 7, you can even check-in right from Trillian!
 
        A truly compact interface
        ╖ Stuck on a netbook with a tiny screen? No problem. Switching
          between our full and compact user interfaces is only a click
          away in Trillian 5. No need to change skins, no need to wait,
          and no need to worry about Trillian hogging your desktop.
          Compact, slim and fast.



        What is Trillian?
 
        Connect to your IM, mail, and social networks in one place
        ╖ Trillian can connect to AIM, Windows Live, Yahoo!, Google,
          Facebook Chat, Jabber, Skype and a lot more. Trillian 5
          introduces improved Facebook Chat via XMPP and support for
          Foursquare, LinkedIn, and studiVZ / meinVZ / schuelerVZ chat!
 
        Fully customizable and extensible
        ╖ With a multitude of options and a comprehensive library of
          plugins, skins and skin packs, you can extend and customize
          Trillian in any way imaginable. Show RSS feeds or even play
          music while chugging along with a contact list right out of
          Terminator 5.
 
        Optimized for Windows
        ╖ Trillian is built directly in C++ using native Windows APIs.
          Not relying on third-party runtimes or toolkits means lower
          memory consumption and direct access to native Windows
          features as soon as they're made available to developers.
          Trillian 5 for Windows is the smoothest and fastest version
          of Trillian ever!


        Whats New In v5.3.0.16?:

        Fix Twitter connectivity.



        For More Info on Trillian 5 Pro for Windows Visit:
        http://www.trillian.im/learn/tour-trillian5.html



INSTALLATION NOTES:
-------------------
        Step #1:

        Run trillian-v5.3.0.16.exe and read below before doing install.

        It is prefered that you do not click Launch on the final
        installation Window, instead click the X at the top right.  If
        you clicked launch (don't worry nothing wrong can happen), close
        Trillian 5 down first.  Next copy precracked exe from the Crack
        folder to the installed folder of Trillian 5 Pro, making sure to
        overwrite the existing file.  If you have already setup your
        account with a previous version then your done, if not follow on
        to Step #2 below.

        Step #2:

        Launch Trillian 5 Pro and Register a new Trillian Account.  Fill
        out required information (real email is needed for confirmation)
        and make sure to UNCHECK I have previously purchased Trillian
        Pro.  Check your email and get confirmation code.  Apply code and
        now continue to setup your IM accounts.  You now how a fully
        registered version of Trillian 5 Pro!  Also remember the Trillian
        Account IS REQUIRED for your settings to be saved!

        You are now a Supreme Trillian Overlord is ONLY done by TE, its
        the PRO version in everyway, plus some.  We had people ask, this
        is why.  If you find this showing on another groups crack, they
        are stealing from TE and are just repacking whores.

        Thats it!  Enjoy.
