1CLICK DVD Converter

You can convert all your favorite DVDs with just one click. Unlike other software with complex settings and multiple steps, 1CLICK DVD Converter is easy to use. Movie and episode detection is automatic and doesn't require you to preview or try and guess which files to include. Just click the Start button and return to find your DVD converted.

Even though it's easy to use, there are advanced features for those who want more control. A preview window shows you exactly how the converted video will appear on your portable device. There are options to set zoom, resolution and video quality. Switching between mobile devices is as simple as one click. You can even convert a DVD to DivX compatible format which is compatible with streaming video players and media centers.

Use 1CLICK DVD Converter to convert your episode and movie DVDs into media files. You can select a custom profile for the following devices:

Acer Tablet (All Versions)
Amazon - Kindle (All Versions)
Apple - iPod, Nano, Touch, iPhone and iPad
Apple TV
Archos - 705,704,605,604,504,405,404
Asus Tablet (All Versions)
Barnes and Nobel - Nook (All Versions)
BlackBerry Playbook - (All Versions)
Creative Labs - Zen Vision
Generic DivX
Google Nexus - Tablets and Phones
Microsoft Windows - Tablets and Phones
Microsoft XBox (All Versions)
Microsoft - Zune (MPEG-4)
Samsung Galaxy - Tablets and Phones
Sony - PSP
Sony Tablet (All Versions)

Key Features:

Windows 8 Compatible.
CPRx technology for converting newer DVD movies.
Supports the most popular video players.
Automatically selects the movie and adjusts the settings for best results.
Automatically converts episodes to a single file per episode.
Blazing fast encoding - 3X faster than other types of encoders.
Multi-threaded encoding supports multi-core processors.
Supports zoom for wide-screen to full-screen conversion.
Video preview shows you exactly what the video will look like.
Quality slider makes quality and file size adjustments easy.
Supports both NTSC and PAL DVD movies.
Convert DVDs movies to DivX compatible video files.
Supports subtitle language selection.
Free software updates for a year.
Free technical support.

System Requirements

Windows 8, 7, Windows Vista, or Windows XP (SP2 or greater)
A DVD reader
One or more of the following mobile video devices: Acer Tablet (All Versions), Amazon - Kindle (All Versions), Apple - iPod, Nano, Touch, iPhone and iPad, Apple TV, Archos - 705,704,605,604,504,405,404, Asus Tablet (All Versions), Barnes and Nobel - Nook (All Versions), BlackBerry Playbook - (All Versions), Creative Labs - Zen Vision, Generic DivX, Google Nexus - Tablets and Phones, Microsoft Windows - Tablets and Phones, Microsoft XBox (All Versions), Microsoft - Zune (MPEG-4), Samsung Galaxy - Tablets and Phones, Sony - PSP, Sony Tablet (All Versions) or any DivX/MPEG-4 compatible video player. 

Homepage: http://www.lgsoftwareinnovations.com/1clickdvdconverter.asp

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.