- Includes: Night of the Living Dead - Just a Girl, Night of the Living Dead - New York, Night of the Living Dead - Hunger, Night of the Living Dead, and Night of the Living Dead Holiday Special.

- Unfortunately, I couldn't find Night of the Living Dead - Annual (2011), Night of the Living Dead - Annual (2008), or Night of the Living Dead - Back From the Grave.

**I dont own or take credit for any of the content contained in this torrent, all credit goes to the creator of the comic.**


Night of the Living Dead - Just a Girl description:

At five years old, Karen's dirt-poor mother succumbed to pneumonia, leaving her daughter behind. For four hellish years, she lived in an orphanage, where the other children picked on her mercilessly. Karen's only friend was her doll, Molly, the only gift her mother had ever given her.


Night of the Living Dead - New York description:

In 1968, the film Night of the Living Dead redefined modern horror. Now, writer John Russo unleashes the next chapter in the zombie epic: Night of the Living Dead: New York! This special, self-contained, double-sized tale of unrelenting terror details the attack of flesh-eating ghouls on the unsuspecting populace of America's largest city, as the island of Manhattan becomes an inescapable death-trap. Mistakenly thought to be contained in remote, rural areas, the army of the undead has crept through the night, converging of the largest concentration of fresh meat on the East Coast, and with nowhere to run and no hope for escape, all those in the path of the zombie horde face certain, gut-ripping death as undead, cannibalistic murderers stalk the streets of the city that never sleeps!


Night of the Living Dead Holiday Special description:

Ho ho ho 'tis the season.. for zombies! This winter, writer and artist Mike Wolfer unleashes the NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD HOLIDAY SPECIAL and brings a new brand of terror home for the holidays! There will be more than just chestnuts roasting on an open fire as a large family gathers to celebrate the season, a raging snowstorm has buried their remote, mountain farmhouse in virgin snow, with no way in, and no way out. But a dark, despicable family secret that lay buried in the barn will not stay dead, and the resulting orgy of bloodshed, murder and cannibalism will transform this into anything but a silent night! Warn your children: This year, it is NOT Santa Clause coming down the chimney! 


Night of the living Dead - Hunger description:

Starving herself for the sake of vanity, drive-in theater employee Laura Crampton is about to fall victim to stark-raving terror, but it will not been generated by the grade-Z horror film flickering on the outdoor screen. Tonight, blood will flow, lives will be torn asunder and bodies will be ripped apart, all by the hands of the nightmarish horde of zombies that lurk in the shadows on the night that would change the world forever! 