SecureCRT

SecureCRT for Windows, Mac, and Linux provides rock-solid terminal emulation for computing professionals, raising productivity with advanced session management and a host of ways to save time and streamline repetitive tasks. SecureCRT provides secure remote access, file transfer, and data tunneling for everyone in your organization.

Whether you need a Telnet or Terminal replacement with solid security and session management, or a more capable remote access tool to raise your productivity to the nth degree, SecureCRT is an application you can live in all day long.

Key Benefits

Securely access business applications on UNIX, Linux, or VMS from machines running Windows, Linux, and Mac ΓÇö employ the rich emulation support for VT100/102/220, ANSI, SCO ANSI, Wyse 50/60, Xterm, and Linux console.

Configure, manage, and customize 1 to 5,000 sessions with full control over scrollback, key mappings, colors, fonts, and more.

Access your full array of network devices from one client with SSH2, SSH1, Telnet, Telnet/SSL, serial, and other protocols.

Leverage the high-productivity UI with time-saving capabilities including multi-session launch, tabbed sessions, tiled sessions, cloned sessions, a button bar for repeated commands, and mapped keys.

Depend on the open standard Secure Shell protocol for encrypted logon and session data, flexible authentication options, and optional FIPS 140-2 -approved ciphers.

Automate repetitive tasks in SecureCRT by running scripts using VBScript, JScript, PerlScript, or Python. The script recorder builds your keystrokes into a VBScript.

Transfer files between network devices with SFTP, Xmodem, Ymodem, Zmodem, or Kermit. A built-in TFTP server provides additional file transfer flexibility.

Save steps with the close integration of SecureCRT and the SecureFX file transfer client, which share sessions and settings that let you run SFTP, FTP, SCP, and FTP/SSL file transfer sessions without reentering passwords.

Supported OS:

Windows Server 2012 R2
Windows Server 2012
Windows 8
Windows Server 2008 R2
Windows 7
Windows Server 2008
Windows Vista
Windows Server 2003 R2
Windows Server 2003
Windows XP
Internet Explorer 5.5 or later

Homepage: http://www.vandyke.com/products/securecrt/index.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register Application with given serial/name.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.