This is a cracked and fully working version.
If you like it or face any problem then leave a comment and seed longer..thankyou
          **By Toorentz**
 
Description:

 Important Notice! This application is for managing a movie collection library. You can not download or watch movies with it. 

My Movies for Android allows you to catalog your entire movie collection library from our high quality online data service containing data for more than 600,000 DVD, Blu-ray and HD DVD titles from various countries. If you have one or more titles that is not in our service, you can report it and it will be created within 48 hours by our staff - a service you will not find elsewhere.

The application is optimized for both phones and tablets, including a full Honeycomb tablet interface.

You can evaluate the full application, by downloading My Movies for Android Free, which is a freely available identical version with the exception of being limited to 50 titles, and only 10 items in release and trailer lists. 

You can use My Movies for Android as a standalone product, or use it as a companion to our My Movies software packages for Mac OS X or Windows, allowing you to keep your movie collection synchronized between clients. 

My Movies for Android requires you to create a user account, or log on to an existing My Movies account to be able to use the program. Your collection will follow your user account through our online servers, allowing you to switch between different clients without ever losing your data - we have clients available for Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac OS X and Windows. If you log in to an existing My Movies account, your current collection will automatically be synchronized to your phone. 

You can within the program activate an online collection website of your movie collection, allowing you to send friends and family a website that allows them to browse your entire collection. 

With My Movies for Android, you can keep track of movies you own, previously have owned, rented or movies you wish to purchase. Never again will you have to purchase or rent a movie twice.