Minor Threat - Complete Discography (2003 Remaster) [FLAC]


Complete Discography compiles Minor Threat's entire body of recordings on a single compact disc. Hardcore, as a rule, wasn't particularly musically diverse, but Minor Threat were one of the genre's groundbreaking acts and their music has held up better than most of their contemporaries. As the de facto leaders of the Washington, D.C., hardcore scene, the band pioneered the straight-edge mentality by emphasizing impossibly fast tempos, brief songs, political lyrics, and a drug- and alcohol-free lifestyle. Besides setting the precedent for several generations of punk rockers with their music and ideals, Minor Threat were simply a better band than most hardcore groups. They had a tight, distinctive sound that wasn't as heavy as their Californian counterparts and, therefore, were often more bracing and effective. Although some of the music on Complete Discography, like much of hardcore in general, hasn't aged particularly well -- with its cheap production, rigid song structures, and political concerns, it is very much a piece of the early '80s -- the sound remains invigorating; the band possessed a visceral energy matched by only a handful of their peers. Complete Discography, in fact, is not only one of the cornerstones of any hardcore collection, it's not a bad way to become acquainted with hardcore.

Despite its title, it only includes songs that were released on studio releases. It contains their three EPs, the Out of Step album and Flex Your Head compilation tracks, yet lacks the three tracks from the 20 Years of Dischord box set: the live version of the track "Straight Edge" and songs "Understand" and "Asshole Dub". It also doesn't contain the demo versions of the songs "Minor Threat", "Stand Up", "Seeing Red", "Bottled Violence", "Small Man, Big Mouth", "Straight Edge", "Guilty of Being White" and "I Don't Wanna Hear It" which were released on the First Demo Tape album. Both releases, though, were released several years after Complete Discography. The newly discovered song "You Betrayed Me By Growing Up" is also not included. The cover photo (later imitated by Nike) is of singer Ian MacKaye's younger brother, Alec MacKaye.

Two separate covers for Complete Discography were issued. The 1990 original version had a red cover, which looks exactly the same as the first Minor Threat EP, and the 2003 remastered issue of the compilation had a blue cover. There is also a yellow cover; the red cover is now out of print.


Tracklisting:

1. Filler
2. I Don't Wanna Hear It
3. Seeing Red
4. Straight Edge
5. Small Man, Big Mouth
6. Screaming at a Wall
7. Bottled Violence
8. Minor Threat
9. Stand Up
10. 12XU
11. In My Eyes
12. Out of Step (With the World)
13. Guilty of Being White
14. Steppin' Stone
15. Betray
16. It Follows
17. Think Again
18. Look Back and Laugh
19. Sob Story
20. No Reason
21. Little Friend
22. Out of Step
23. Cashing In
24. Stumped
25. Good Guys (Don't Wear White)
26. Salad Days


Complete album artwork and audiochecker logs are included. Enjoy!!!