Artist: The Witches of Elswick
Release: Out of Bed
Released: 2003
Label: Fellside
Catalog#: FECD180
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: UK
Style: folk

image

1	Daddy Fox	3:06
2	Sovai	1:42
3	Lord Randal	3:46
4	Two Sisters	3:19
5	The Blue Cockade	5:02
6	I Once Lived in Service	4:38
7	The Scarecrow	6:28
8	Bring Us a Barrel	2:57
9	Bonny at Morn	3:10
10	Maids at 18	2:45
11	The Tree in the Wood	4:31
12	Soldier, Soldier	7:14
13	Honey for the Bee	4:01

Over recent years the folk scene has concentrated on instrumental music and moved away from the 60s and 70s when singers dominated. Slowly the balance is being redressed. Fellside likes to feel that it played some role in this with the launch of its highly significant and acclaimed albums, VOICES (FECD87) and VOICES IN HARMONY (FECD158). So far there has not been a return to the unaccompanied harmony singing of those former times, but that is all about to change. The Witches of Elswick are four young lasses, Fay Hield, Bryony Griffith, Becky Stockwell and Gillian Tolfrey, who sing a-cappella harmony with style, panache, verve and attitude. They base their material on the traditional songs of these islands. ΓÇ£Four young women, each with melodious voices, bring fire, commitment, imagination and fun to a variety of traditional songs. Their vocal arrangements are delicious, and the sounds they create are gorgeous. They enchant, engage and excite. They are The Witches. They are magic!ΓÇ¥ Sandra Kerr, singer, songwriter, musician, lecturer on the Folk Music Degree Course, University of Newcastle Upon Tyne.
They describe themselves as: 'Four buxom lasses who in all honesty break wind, drink pints and, when they're not arguing about whose turn it is to pay the rent, they sing songs'. In other words, while Out Of Bed contains mainly traditional songs these are thoroughly modern lasses with what clubbers would call a lot of 'tude.

True, most members do have a grounding in the folk scene (member Fay Hield's mother was a Morris dancer while she herself attended Newcastle University's Folk degree: itself a huge breeding ground for homegrown talent at the moment), but listening and reading the album's sleevenotes leaves one with the impression that the overriding principle at work here is to have fun.

''Daddy Fox'' provides a suitably rousing introduction. A live favourite, it encapsulates their ability to pick a song not only for its beauty, but for its suitability for crowd participation. In fact that's the one element missing here. One longs to be in the same room and some of the infectious enthusiasm is inevitably lost in a studio setting.