This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Ronettes - The Best Of The Ronettes (1992)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41TCRRFYDRL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Steve Huey):

The Ronettes weren't the most commercially successful girl group, but their music was some of the most groundbreaking in the field, thanks to their association with the legendary Wall of Sound producer Phil Spector. Their biggest hit, "Be My Baby," is widely regarded as one of the crowning achievements of Spector's oeuvre, and of girl-group pop in general. In fact, many critics have deemed it one of the most supremely romantic records of the rock & roll era; Spector's production frames the song's yearning lyrics and Ronnie Bennett's sweetly sultry vocals in a sweeping, near-symphonic level of emotion. Even though the Ronettes never managed another hit as big as "Be My Baby," many of their subsequent singles boasted the same kind of creative synergy between Spector and Bennett. It apparently carried over into real life as well, since the two were married in 1968, not long after Bennett went solo. Unfortunately, the union was an unhappy one, as Spector soon turned reclusive and controlling, largely preventing her from recording (or even leaving the house). After their divorce, she recorded sporadically without much success, but became something of a female rock icon when she published her survivor's-tale autobiography.

Read all of the bio at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-ronettes-p20251/biography

All Music Album Review (by Ron Wynn):

For a couple of years, the Ronettes made music that was as moving and unforgettable as any made during the rock era. Their voices merged sensuality, longing, anguish, and sentimentality, with Ronnie Spector's angelic leads framed by Phil Spector's sweeping production, and the lyrics of Ellie Greenwich, Jeff Barry, Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil, Spector, and others. While such songs as "Walking in the Rain," "Be My Baby," "Baby, I Love You," and "(The Best Part of) Breaking Up" may seem hopelessly naive and possibly sexist in today's cynical world, they're still classic love poems. Ronnie Spector's voice retains its allure and appeal, and the 18 tracks on this CD will never become dated.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-best-of-the-ronettes-r59831

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000003BDO

Track List:

01. Be My Baby
02. Why Don't They Let Us Fall In Love
03. I Wonder
04. Baby I Love You
05. (The Best Part Of) Breakin' Up
06. So Young
07. When I Saw You
08. Do I Love You?
09. You Baby
10. How Does It Feel?
11. Walking In The Rain
12. Born To Be Together
13. Is This What I Get For Loving You?
14. Paradise
15. Here I Sit
16. I Wish I Never Saw The Sunshine
17. Everything Under The Sun
18. You Came, You Saw, You Conquered
