PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 024

Ravi Zacharias - RZIM - Foundations of Apologetics - With  Worrkbooks


POtHS - the Word 024 - Ravi Zacharias - RZIM - Foundations of Apologetics - With  Workbooks


POtHS Comment:   Excellent

Description

RZIM - Foundations of Apologetics (DivX)

Designed to introduce a comprehensive range of apologetic arguments and strategies, Foundations of Apologetics features lectures by RZIM's team of apologists including Ravi Zacharias, Michael Ramsden, John Lennox, Stuart McAllister, Alister McGrath, Amy Orr-Ewing, L.T. Jeyachandran, and Joe Boot.
Students of this rigorous curriculum will become adept at recognizing the many worldviews influencing our culture and equipped to challenge the assumptions of these worldviews.

It is our prayer you will find the studies foster no only knowledge but also cultivate the skills to communicate that knowledge in a way that is winsome and effective.

Contains All 12 Sessions, Also containing twelve printable PDF booklets.

In this series:

Introduction to Apologetics: Conversations That Count
Truth and Reality
The Existence of God
Establishing a Worldview
The Trustworthiness of the Christian Scriptures
The Uniqueness of Christ
The Trinity and Apologetics
Pluralism: Do All Religions Lead to the Same Goal?
Faith, Reason, and Integration
God, Evil, and Suffering
Seeing & Exploring Cultural Connections
Reasoning From The Scriptures

DivX
640 x 480
24 Fps
Stereo
128 Kbps

Enjoy


Ravi Zacharias (Pack) DivX

Ravi Zacharias looks at Biblical authority and the cultural crisis in which we live. This is a 2 DivX set and includes:

1. Cultural Relativism and the Emasculation of Truth

The 19th century writer George Macdonald once said, 'To give truth to him who loves it not is but to give him plentiful material for misinterpretation.' Indeed, Ravi argues that the ideas of rationalism and agnosticism and the institution of the media have altered our social landscape, such that belief in God's revelation seems wholly implausible for many individuals. Without such an understanding, proclamation is pointless. 49 minutes

2. Creedal Affirmation in Search of Commitment.

Love thy neighbor as thyself is widely believed to be a moral imperative which everyone can accept and try to follow without religious faith - as if it were a belief which came naturally to man. But this is a terrible error. All moral imperatives can only be affirmed if they are rooted in the absolute. Here the authority of the Scriptures is cogently defended and from such authority precepts for life's origin and destiny emerge.  50 minutes

720 x 540  24 Fps  Stereo

Also:

The Mystery Of Evil & The Miracle Of Life

It is ironic that we experience such evil in a society that posits relativism. In this video, Ravi presents a piercing analysis of human wickedness. He traces the origin of evil and particularly the lure of sin before Adam and Eve when Satan made God's truth suspect. Dr. Zacharias examines our hunger for the fulfillment of needs that God alone is big enough to fill and offers a challenge to surrender the human will to Christ's control.

480 x 320  24 Fps  Stereo

Enjoy.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  