MOVIE IMBD:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2440354/

Cast:
Ram Charan Teja as Charan 'Cherry' / Siddharth Naayak
Kajal Aggarwal as Madhu
Amala Paul as Nandini
Brahmanandam as Jilebi
Pradeep Rawat as Minister Rawat
Ashish Vidyarthi as CBI Officer
Dev Gill as Rawat's Second Brother
Rahul Dev as Gandipeta Babji
Jaya Prakash Reddy as Babji's Paternal Uncle
M. S. Narayana as Drunkard CBI Officer
Raghu Babu as Babji's Henchman
Posani Krishna Murali as Shukla Bhai
Surekha Vani as Siddharth's Sister
Rajeev Kanakala as Siddharth's Brother in Law
Ajaz Khan as Rawat's first brother
'Sathyam' Rajesh in a Special Appearance
Sudha as Cherry's Mother
Charmee ΓÇô item number

Plot:
The movie opens with a person (Ram Charan Teja) killing Minister Rawat's (Pradeep Rawat) brother (Ajaz Khan) and his henchmen thus saving three men. Rawat orders CBI Officer (Ashish Vidyarthi) to catch the criminal so that he may kill that killer. The scene shifts to Hyderabad where Cherry (Ram Charan Teja) is a software engineer in CgTrix. He has an uncle named Jilebi (Brahmanandam), who unexpectedly runs into trouble and angers the local Don Gandi Babji (Rahul Dev). Cherry hatches a plan to save Jilebi from Babji and succeeds but falls for Babji's sister Madhu (Kajal Agarwal) in the process. Though Madhu initially rejects him, after his act of saving children from a mafia don, she reciprocates his love.
This angers Babji and he goes to kill him but shocks seeing Cherry shooting the DCP of West Bengal hiding in the bushes. As fate would have it, at this point, The CBI Officer finds out that Cherry is responsible for the two murders, who is innocent in reality. With Jilebi, the CBI Officer goes to Kumbha Mela at Kasi to catch him. Meanwhile when Rawat is offering holy rituals and the CBI Officer catch Cheery and hold him, the look-alike of Cherry, who killed Rawat's Brother, rises from the Ganges and hurts him with a trident, injuring all his men fatally. As he was about to deliver a Finishing Blow, the CBI Officer attcks him and arrests him, exonerating Cherry. Then Cherry comes to know the story of his look-alike.
The Look-alike is Siddharth Naayak, who goes to his sister's house in Kolkata to pursue higher education. Siddharth shares a strong bond of love and affection with his Sister (Surekha Vani), Brother-in-Law (Rajeev Kanakala) and his Sister-in-Law Nandini (Amala Paul). Siddharth and Nandini are about to be married. Meanwhile his Brother-in-Law, who is a Doctor, attends a case of a minor effected with Steroids by Rawat's Second Brother (Dev Gill) and sent for Prostitution. He Complaints to the Police but is Killed by Rawat's Second Brother as the Police officer was his Friend. Siddarth is unable to bear this and kills Rawat's Second Brother, thus becoming a Sensational Leader overnight. Soon he seizes each and every property of Rawat and distributes it to the Public. Rawat then kills the Minister, blames Siddharth for it and stabs him with a knife and throws him into the Ganges. Rawat becomes the Minister within a week and Siddharth survives, planning to kill Rawat.
Cherry, after listening to his story, decides to help him. Cherry along with Jilebi goes to the CBI Jail where Siddharth is kept under Custody. He introduces himself, and hatches a plan to get Siddharth exonerated. At the Court, since Siddharth admits that he committed the crime, the Judge orders to put Siddharth to death by passing Capital Punishment. But Cherry enters the court, admitting that he is Siddharth Naayak and the one standing there is his fan. Siddharth too tells the same that he is Siddharth and the one who entered the court is his fan. Thus due to Confusion, the Judge orders to CBI to find out real identities of the two persons in a span of 10 Days. In these 10 Days, Siddharth manages to bring Madhu and her family including Babji and his Paternal Uncle (Jaya Prakash Reddy) to Kolkata, thus uniting Cherry and Madhu. Meanwhile the next day, Rawat makes a call to Siddarth to come to his place in order to save the kidnapped school children. But Cherry lifts the phone, listens to the conversation, goes to Rawat's place only to be attacked by Rawat severely. Siddharth reaches the place after seeing an MMS by Rawat, frees Cherry and kills Rawat with the help of Cherry. The Case becomes void because of lack of evidence and in the end, all goes well with the union of Cherry and Madhu and Siddharth and Nandini.

= Release Info =-

Format:MKV
Total Size:804 MB
Runtime:02:39:19
Total bitrate:1039 Kbps
Source: 720p ddr
Encoder: PAVANace


-= Video Info =-

Format:x264/Mkv AVC High
Bitrate:939 kbps
Maximum bit rate:6.5 Mbps
Encoding:2 Pass
Resolution:1280 x 544
Quality Factor (QF):.32
Frame Rate:same as source
Display Aspect Ratio:2.35:1
Size:804 MB 

-= Audio Info =-

Type:AC3
Bitrate:48
Sample Rate:48K
Channels:2 channels:Front L R.

Subtitles:no
Sample:YES.










