Ahoy! Pirates Uploading is fun and makes good Karma! I have s.o0 many hours of enjoyment from the Pirates Bay, it's time to give back. This is torrent # 3 for this SeattleBeach. Who knows at this rate maybe I'll get a skull in a year or 2! I still don't have a single comment on any of my uploads, so I hope they are treating you all well.
 
By the way Pirates how do I upload more than just a movie file, you like an info sheet, art work, sample??? Hit me up if you got a clue! If not maybe I'll ask Google and get a answer!

 
 Enough chatter on to the main event Today's feature is 'King Kelly' I must say I picked up for Miss Krause not expecting much more than a little T & A, but I was pleasantly surprised at a pretty descent  film. So without further ado, I present:  

KING KELLY in 720p HD and Dolby Digital 2.0.


Stars: Louisa Krause, Libby Woodbridge, Roderick Hill


Storyline: King Kelly is an aspiring internet star who performs webcam stripteases. When Kelly's car - filled with illegal narcotics that she must deliver - is stolen by her bitter ex-boyfriend on the 4th of July, Kelly and her best friend Jordan embark on an epic whirlwind of drugs, sex, violence and mischief-making as Kelly tries to reclaim what's hers. Kelly's biggest online fan, a wayward State Trooper, joins the journey as the night spirals into chaos. Made entirely from camera-phone footage, King Kelly is a sensational journey through hedonistic American youth culture and the YouTube generation.
Compatibility: Works on my Sammie 46" 7100 Series 3D 1080p LED HDTV. I just hook WD Passport  hard drive up to the USB connection {on the input panel} and it works. I personally run it through my Sammie Blu Ray player {through the front USB port} so I get to use my Onyko TX-SR875 Audio/Video Processor for better sound and picture. Plug and Play no conversion necessary!
Plays With: WMP, PowerDVD, Nero Kwik Media, QuickTime. haven't tried any others but doesn't seem to have any problems playing on whatever I open it with it's .mp4 should play on most anything.


Unrated: But I can say It has: BooBs!, drugs, Adult  Situations, and harsh language; so a hard "R" is what I'd call it.
 
Duration: 1 hr. 24 min.



Stay Thirsty my Friends!

&gt;ΓÇ┐ΓÇ┐Γùò SeattleBeach .∩╜íoO

