This is a fully working version.
If you like it then leave a comment and seed longer..thankyou
           **By Toorentz**

 Description
* More than 30 million professionals’ choice over the world
* 7 Must-Have Apps for Salespeople – Inc.com
* “CamCard outdoes competitors …” -- The New York Times 
* “Not only is the app highly accurate, but it also lets you group contacts, make notes, and search LinkedIn.” – Inc.
* A must-have business app for your smart phone

Pay Once, Scan Card and Say Goodbye to business card black hole.

CamCard is a professional business card reader and business card scanner. Simply take a picture of a business card, CamCard recognizes the business card and saves contact information in Card Holder or your Address Book. Then feel at ease to manage cards with CamCard - business card reader and business card scanner.

KEY FEATURES
✔ Scan card, recognize card and save in Card Holder and your Address book 
✔ Recognize 5 languages including English, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Korean and Japanese. 
✔ All your cards can be saved in the Cloud securely, privately, and never missing. 
✔ Restore cards in case of accidental deleting. 
✔ Manage and Synchronize cards across multi-devices with Cloud Sync. 

Other Features
✔ Save cards into your address book, Gmail or other Exchange account.
✔ Categorize cards into different groups and accounts ✔ Merge with exiting contact

✔ Batch Scan card 
✔ Auto-detect text orientation
✔ Auto-rotate card images
✔ Auto-crop card images 
✔ Auto-enhance business card images
✔ QR Code creation and recognition and share cards with QR Code 
✔ Email Recognition

✔ Introduce friends to each other and let them save each others' cards right away
✔ Share contact information via Email, SMS, QR Code
✔ Export all cards to vCard or Excel files
✔ LinkedIn search and send invitations

✔ Card Holder to manage all contacts including making phone calls, sending SMS, sending emails, browsing web pages and locating address on map
✔ Card Holder with passcode protection, searching, sorting and grouping

✔ Display the corresponding image when edit business card information
✔ Double-side business card image 
✔ Make notes to cards
✔ Create a card with card templates: when creating a card manually or importing a contact from phonebook, a card will be created automatically. You can choose from different card templates.