genre: action / adventure / horror 
release date: January 16, 2012 
compatible with: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit) 
languages: Audio and Text: English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Japanese.Text: Korean, Russian, Polish, Traditional Chinese. 
developer / publisher: Remedy Entertainment / Remedy Entertainment 
game modes: single-player 

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase: 
manual 
wallpaper 
3 making of videos 
7 writer in the cabin 
9 Night Springs episodes 
Alan Wake Files book 

What's cool about it: 

    Includes Alan Wake Special Episodes The Signal and The Writer. 
    INTENSE CINEMATIC ACTION  from Remedy, the masters of cinematic action, comes a 3rd person action game filled with overwhelming odds and desperate near escapes 
    RAZOR SHARP SUSPENSE  Gripping storytelling at its best, Alan Wake is like a tightly paced thriller TV series, offering endless twists and cliffhangers, and building up to an epic conclusion 
    LIGHT IS YOUR WEAPON  Light is your greatest weapon and only protection as darkness takes over everything and everyone, and turns them against you. 

Overview: 

When the wife of the best-selling writer Alan Wake disappears on their vacation, his search turns up pages from a thriller he doesnt even remember writing. A Dark Presence stalks the small town of Bright Falls, pushing Wake to the brink of sanity in his fight to unravel the mystery and save his love. 

Presented in the style of a TV series, Alan Wake features the trademark Remedy storytelling and pulse-pounding action sequences. As players dive deeper and deeper into the mystery, theyll face overwhelming odds, plot twists, and cliffhangers. Its only by mastering the Fight With Light combat mechanic that they can stay one step ahead of the darkness that spreads across Bright Falls. 

With the body of an action game and the mind of a psychological thriller, Alan Wakes intense atmosphere, deep and multilayered story, and exceptionally tense combat sequences provide players with an entertaining and original gaming experience. 

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Violence, Use of Alcohol and Tobacco, Language, Blood. PEGI Rating: 16+ with Violence. 

Minimum system requirements: OS: Windows XP SP2 Processor: Dual Core 2GHz Intel or 2.8GHz AMD, Memory: 2 GB RAM, Graphics: DirectX 10 compatible with 512MB RAM, DirectX: 9.0c, Hard Drive: 8 GB HD space, Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible, 
Recommended system requirements: OS: Windows 7, Processor: Quad Core 2.66GHz Intel or 3.2GHz AMD, Memory: 4 GB RAM, Graphics: DirectX 10 compatible or later with 1GB RAM, DirectX: 10, Hard Drive: 8 GB HD space, Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible 

Installation 

1. Double click the .exe 
2. Click next, accept the EULA, select which path you want the game installed to, ect. 
3. Play
