Nicole informs Chloe that Kate has apparently told Jennifer about her past as a prostitute. Fearing Jennifer will blab all to Daniel, Chloe races out to find him. Meanwhile, Jennifer contemplates telling Daniel about Chloe's past (for Parker's sake). She backs down, however, when Daniel reiterates how much Parker loves his mom. Chloe arrives and quickly realizes Jennifer didn't say anything to Daniel. 

After getting insight into Jennifer from Nicole, Chloe comes up with a plan and meets with Anne. Chloe goes to the hospital and confesses to Daniel about her call girl past. Daniel is stunned, especially when Chloe mentions that Jennifer knows. Meanwhile, Anne has a candy-striper leave a mysterious slip of paper in Jennifer's office. When Daniel goes to ask Jennifer if she knew about Chloe, he is taken aback to see the paper on her desk; it's a number for Child Services. Protective Daniel asks Jennifer if her having this number has anything to do with Chloe's secret. 

Nicole and Eric make amends, and she is shocked to learn Brady is involved with Kristen. She later confesses to Eric that Chloe is trying to win back Daniel at all costs, which she has very mixed feelings about given her own history with him. 

Brady questions Kristen about the torn up note that reads, "I know what you're doing." Kristen covers - badly - but before Brady can press her further, he gets dizzy and passes out. As Cameron checks him out, Kristen is reminded that Brady could still be suffering from injuries he received while saving her from muggers. She privately recalls paying off the muggers - and feels just a twinge of guilt. With her own meaning, she tells Brady she feels terrible that he has suffered due to her actions. 

John has listened to Marlena's recording of her confrontation with Kristen and has heard Kristen accuse Marlena of wanting her to be with Brady to keep her away from John. John questions an emotional Marlena, who finally admits it's true. John is disappointed in her for not trusting him. He's leaving town to figure out what to do about Brady, and his marriage. He exits, leaving behind a devastated Marlena. 

Sami finally sits Will down to talk about him getting Gabi pregnant. Things get tense when Will accuses her of making things worse, and Sami realizes he's been making decisions to avoid some of her own parenting mistakes. She asks Will if he's going to step up and be a father to his child. 