#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	01-25-13
Host: 	John B. Wells
Guests: 	Open Lines

Filling in for George, John B. Wells hosted a night of Open Lines. Mack phoned in from an undisclosed location to share a strange story from his days in basic military training. He characterized himself as a spiritually-natured person, who took an opportunity to visit a temple in San Antonio during his first leave. Mack said he returned to base to find a full-bird colonel looking for him at his barracks. The two shared a deep interest in far eastern spiritual practices so the colonel escorted him from the facility to a house where they spent the day meditating together with a few other people, he explained. According to Mack, things got weird when he observed one of them began to levitate off the ground.

John in Maryville, Tennessee, reported having vivid dreams of alien contact and abductions since early childhood. Such an experience occurred fairly recently, just six years ago, when John remembered waking aboard a craft surrounded by Grays. He described seeing the aliens reach over their heads and pull down cables tipped with various instruments which they used to perform a series of tests on him. One instrument with small spinning wires left an indelible impression on John and he recalled being telepathically warned by a Gray about the pain he would endure as it entered the base of his neck. He now believes these experiences actually happened, as an MRI revealed that surgery have been performed on his C6 and C7 vertebrae. The doctors who reviewed the MRI results wanted to know who did the surgery because it was done so well, John noted.

Rich from Bellingham, Washington, spun a rather suspicious story about secretly videoing a friend's neighbor in a community outside of Atlanta. According to Rich, the neighbor was a substance abuser who they wished to shame into moving away by recording him using drugs with micro-cameras hidden in his house. Rich said the alleged footage of 'a naked man bouncing off the walls' turned out to be so entertaining that they sold it around the neighborhood, and even began supplying its star with drugs so they could continue making videos. Rich claimed the neighbor gets a share of the profits, which has made him a multimillionaire, and that they are still shooting his life all over town in a way similar to The Truman Show.

John B. Wells also referenced the following video links during the program:

- JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon Says You Don't Need To Know How Banking Works
- Prototype Quadrotor With Machine Gun 
