No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
These are a few things that makes a '1-click run' version a, better version.

System requirements: Windows Hardware & OS: Windows 7, 8, Vista and XP (64-bit OS required for 64-bit installation) 1 GHz Intel Pentium or equivalent RAM, Display and Other: 700 MB free hard drive space 512 MB RAM 1024x768 Resolution 16-bit Color display CD-ROM Drive (for physical version of Application) Windows Internet Explorer 8 for Windows or Newer Systems Internet connection for Content Paradise Poser ?« 7 or later needed to import Poser Scenes Anime Studio PRO - the professional version of one of the best programs for creating high-quality 2D animation. This program is ideal for professionals looking for a more efficient alternative to creating animations without the hassles of detailed time-lapse processing. With an intuitive interface and a library of ready-made characters and additional objects (animated objects, backgrounds, pictures, etc.), The program provides advanced animation tools and effects to speed up your workflow. Anime Studio PRO combines advanced features with powerful technology to create unique animations digital artists to create animations, you can use the library facilities and built-in tools to create your own objects. The program supports working with layers. Finished project, you can save as a video clip, a graphic image or SWF-file.

Features: ?Çó Add special effects to your animations ?Çó Save video and animation in a variety of formats ?Çó Create animations using several techniques, time-saving ?Çó Create a skeleton using a unique technology based on the construction of bones ?Çó Support the creation of layers ?Çó Animation of individual points on the object ?Çó Support for Adobe Photoshop documents ?Çó Integrated sequencer ?Çó Scripting with LUA 01.05 ?Çó Built-in library of visual objects ?Çó Full support for import and export HD video files		