
                                      nERv


                           Zeno Clash 2 (c) ATLUS

      04/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
            1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action, Indie


Ghat's story is far from over: Zeno Clash 2 picks up where the deliciously
brazen first game left off.  After 4 years of waiting, the sequel to the
surreal first-person brawler brings more variety in combat and levels, and
even more bizarre storytelling into the beguiling world of Zenozoik.  Join
forces with your former foe Rimat and battle against scores of angry
denizens, preventing their dastardly machinations from being realized.

Zeno Clash 2 welcomes new players to the Zeno Clash universe with a new game
that will bring them into the universe and fill them in on the backstory.
Returning players will delight in the connections between the new settings
and the first adventure. All players will thoroughly enjoy playing a
first-person brawler that provides a rarity in modern gaming: a truly unique
experience.

Zeno Clash 2 has beefed up its combat engine with precision punch targeting,
blocking, and high-impact hits that only make the bone-crunching,
face-rattling fistcuffs more satisfying. The new "Lock-on" function gives
players a wider range of control for dishing out the damage. New RPG
mechanics will allow Ghat and Rimat to punch harder, defend better, and
recruit more powerful allies to aid in their quest. Zeno Clash 2 now
harnesses the full power of the Unreal III engine to bring the bizarre and
beautiful world of Zenozoik to life. ACE Team's boundless imagination brings
gamers into a universe of surreal foes, fantastic locations, and truly unique
visuals that is unlike anything else you will ever play. With the newly added
drop-in/drop-out co-op play, Zeno Clash 2 invites you AND a friend to dive
once more into the fray!


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
   your game BinariesWin32 directory.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]