Encasement Games

Mar 29, 2013 - Performers: Star 


WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.


Scene 1

Star is encased in pantyhose. Her ankle is folded to her thigh and pantyhose tightly bind the leg to itself in a nylon cocoon. A tight hug that makes most people feel comforted - is entirely violating to our blonde beauty. Leather is added as an extra measure of security. Her hands, wrists, and neck are too wrapped in tight leather and secured to the bar at her shoulders. Her face gets the same treatment. Fortunately for Star, her tongue is pierced. A jennings gag is added and Claire ties her toungue to her nipple clamps... bitch won't have an opinion now or ever in that predicament. Out comes the cane and the cattle prod. Worked over in her little safe harbor of nylon, this bitch breaks early on... the perfect state to be in for her next predicament.


Scene 2

Star is placed in metal bilbos and shackles with her feet and genitals exposed. Her head is encased in a breathing restricted latex hood. There is only a small hole that permits her to get air and push the used air out. If she gets over excited, the latex suctions to her face and she has a harder time getting the air she needs... perfect for torment. Claire grounds herself with the violet wand and goes after Star, with special attention to the feet and utilizing the wartenburg wheel for added discomfort. Since Star can't see anything as well as challenging breathing patterns, Claire clamps Star's cunt with the strongest clamps in the DB arsenal and uses them to suspend and hold in the large dick inserted into Star's cunt. Star is then given the ultimate in breathing challenges - orgasm games. As she gets more turned on and to the brink of orgasms, she starts asphyxiating herself! HOT! 


Scene 3

We turn the intensity up in the last scene with Star bound standing in the clear strap set. The vibrator/mic stand is brought out. Star thinks this is a pleasure item, but she could not be more wrong. Claire takes the mean black clips and covers Star's labia with them. She laces them together and wraps all the clamps AROUND the vibrator like a purse string. Any movement is painful for Star, even when she cums. Add caning, nipple clamps, and an intense pussy flogging and we have this bitch in a writing hot mess, not knowing which is better - cumming or not cumming!

Screens    
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=29528

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

