Simply the best

ComicRack is the best eComic reader and manager for Windows computers. It is an all-in-one solution to read and manage your eComic library. It is actively maintained, has a strong user base and is FREE


Overview 

As a reader ComicRack supports all the state of the art features you can expect: different display modes, full screen, information overlays, magnifier, color adjustments, automatic backcolor matching and a multi tab interface to quickly switch between eComics.
 
As a manager you can browse and search your eComics in the library, create folders and lists to organize them. You can customize the lists to show just the information you need and use advanced tools to tag and edit the information for your eComics. Or create Smart lists to display dynamic lists based on eComic info (never read, author, series etc.)

Like with iTunes you can share your library across your home network and read your eComics on your Tablet/Notebook via wireless.
 
And of course, it is your swiss army knife when batch converting between different formats. Ever wanted to create CBZs from your PDFs - now it is just a click away.
 
ComicRack is multilingual: English, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese and other language packs are available.
 
Main Features
 Native 32 bit & 64 bit versions
 Supports reading cbz/zip/cbr/rar/cbt/tar/cb7/7z/pdf/djvu comics.
 Database management (extended info storage, thumbnails, quick search, smart searches, custom lists, etc.)
 Full screen reading mode with two page display, various zoom modes, auto rotation (for tablet PCs), etc.
 Smart parsing of file names for good initial values (series, number, volume, year etc.)
 Comic Library Network Sharing with optional password protection
 Custom display grouping, sorting, stacking and filtering
 Multiple views formats
 User definable Keyboard shortcuts
 Thumbnail generation with customization
 In-viewer extended info editing
 Batch conversion to cbz/pdf/cbt/djvu of all supported import formats
 Synchronize your library with ComicRack for Android
 And much, much more....
 
Supported Formats
 Reads: cbz, zip, cbr, rar, cbt, tar, cb7, 7z, pdf, cbw, djvu
 Exports: cbz, cbt, cb7, pdf, djvu
 
http://comicrack.cyolito.com/