      The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Dragonborn (c) Bethesda Softworks

      02/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
            1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: RPG


With this official add-on for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, journey off the
coast of Morrowind, to the island of Solstheim. Encounter new towns,
dungeons, and quests, as you traverse the ash wastes and glacial valleys of
this new land. Become more powerful with shouts that bend the will of your
enemies and even tame dragons. Your fate, and the fate of Solstheim, hangs in
the balance as you face off against your deadliest adversary - the first
Dragonborn.

Features

* Explore Beyond Skyrim - Leave the province of Skyrim and travel to the
  coastal island of Solstheim. Encounter the Dark Elven settlers of Raven
  Rock and the native Skaal, as you unravel the mystery of a Dragonborn's
  return.
* New Powers - Discover dark powers as you journey into a new Daedric
  realm. Collect books of forbidden knowledge and choose new paths for your
  skills and abilities.


Note:

This release is cracked so you won`t need to copy nothing :)
Just follow the steps bellow:



1. Install the addon in your Skyrim folder. The initial Skyrim release is needed*.
2. Play the game.
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=12825.0

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      

	