                           S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                           .the leading force.

                            proudly presents
       Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier Khyber Strike DLC


   03-03-2013......Release Date  Protection...........Ubisoft DRM
   FPS/TPS............Game Type  Disk(s)......................DLC


   RELEASE NOTES


The third downloadable content pack for Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future
Soldier, Khyber Strike features three new multiplayer maps, a new
multiplayer game mode called Takeover, a new Guerrilla Mode co-op map,
new achievements, and an increased level cap.

Content includes:

Three new multiplayer maps
- Switchback: Step off the main road leading down into the city and
  into a maze of ancient buildings and narrow alleys. The twists and
  turns of the alleyways turn every corner into a close-quarters
  deathtrap.
- Palace: There's no time for reflection even in this magnificent
  relic. What once was a museum dedicated to showing the glories of the
  past is now a battlefield, with a massive courtyard at the heart of
  its contested ground.
- Transit: A Moscow metro station makes for close quarters and
  close-range combat. Trains pulling into and out of the station add to
  the danger as Ghosts and Bodark slug it out underground.

One new multiplayer game mode: Takeover
Similar to a classic team deathmatch, score points for your team by
eliminating enemies.  Tip the scales by taking control of the enemy's
objective and earn a score multiplier for your team.  Defend your
team's objective to prevent the enemy from gaining the same advantage.
Choose to split your team to defend and attack at the same time, or
move as a group and overwhelm your enemy.  When the mission ends, the
team with the highest score wins.

One Guerrilla Mode map Village (four players online / two players in
local split screen)

A peaceful country village finds itself transformed into a
battleground, as fighting rages around its central bus station. Long
alleyways that run between war-damaged buildings make a perfect
hunting ground for snipers, and a shootout near the town's gas station
could turn explosive.

Level cap increase of +10


   INSTALL NOTES


1. Install our Tom.Clancys.Ghost.Recon.Future.Soldier-SKIDROW release
2. Unpack this release
3. Install every update in chronological version order - if you haven't
   updated your game to v1.7 yet. All updates are included in UPDATES
   folder with this release
4. Run GRFS_DLC3_installer.exe
5. Install
6. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
   install folder and overwrite
7. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
   secure/trusted in your antivirus program
8. Start game from Future Soldier.exe
9. Play the game
10. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


   ADDITIONAL NOTES


This DLC package requires v1.7 Update!

We decided to implent and emulate the latest version of the Ubisofts
orbit launcher, to enable every offline function, that their orbit
service gives users who actually owns the original. Simply to offer
emulated functions that noone else in the scene currently offers.

You'll notice it when you see it!


   GREETINGS


To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!


                                ascii art by the
                               godlike & terrific duo
                                   malodix + irokos
                                    titan artdivision
[/pre]		