American Myth is a 2006 album released by Jackie Greene

Track Listing

    "Intro" – 0:50
    "Hollywood" – 4:59
    "So Hard to Find My Way" – 4:10
    "Just as Well" – 4:57
    "I'm So Gone" – 4:13
    "Never Satisfied (Revisited)" – 3:58
    "Love Song; 2:00 AM" – 5:05
    "When You're Walking Away" – 4:46
    "Cold Black Devil/14 Miles" – 4:53
    "Closer to You" – 3:57
    "I'll Let You In" – 5:19
    "Farewell, So Long, Goodbye" – 3:30
    "Supersede" – 9:57
    "Marigold" – 5:34

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Greene was born Chris Nelson   in Salinas, California, and developed an interest in music at an early age, starting with the piano. At 14, he began to play guitar and within a short time, was able to sit in with local bar bands. As he got older, he began composing his own songs. He recorded in a makeshift garage studio, burning his own CDs and selling them everywhere he could. Using the money he saved, Greene was eventually able to record and release his first full-length album, Rusty Nails, on his own. In late 2002, Greene released his first album with DIG, Gone Wanderin', which won the California Music Award for the Best Blues/Roots Album in 2003 and remained on the national Americana charts for over a year. In 2004, Greene released his third album, Sweet Somewhere Bound, and began receiving radio play for singles like "Honey I Been Thinking About You".

Greene has toured nationally with Gov't Mule, Los Lobos, Mark Knopfler, B.B. King, Phil Lesh, Ratdog, Huey Lewis, Susan Tedeschi, Taj Mahal, and Buddy Guy, and has played major U.S. festivals, including All Good, Gathering of the Vibes, Mountain Jam, Grateful Garcia Gathering, Newport Jazz, Newport Folk, South by Southwest, Wakarusa, Winnipeg Folk, Bonnaroo, Outside Lands, and Rothbury. He has performed with Levon Helm at several Midnight Rambles.

In early 2005, he signed with a major record label, Verve Forecast. Sweet Somewhere Bound was reissued that year, followed by a new release, American Myth, in March 2006.[3] The following year, Greene joined Phil Lesh and Friends, the Grateful Dead bassist's ensemble dedicated to the interpretation of the Dead's extensive song book. Other members of the band at the time included John Molo, Larry Campbell and Steve Molitz. Also in 2005 his song "I Will Never Let Go" was used in the score for the movie Brokeback Mountain winning the Academy Award in 2005 for Best Original Score, and which was also released on the Verve label.

Meanwhile, Greene continued to pursue solo efforts, releasing Giving Up the Ghost on 429 Records in April 2008, and made his second visit to Late Night with Conan O'Brien in June 2008, performing "Like A Ball & Chain". Another song from the album, "I Don't Live in a Dream", was featured on episodes of the NBC television series Life in November 2008 and ABC's Private Practice in March 2009.

In October through November 2009, Jackie Greene played a series of shows with Gov't Mule, culminating at the end of the tour on Halloween at the Tower Theater in Upper Darby, PA, during which Jackie played and sang through an entire set of Rolling Stones songs with Gov't Mule. 

The Jackie Greene band currently features Nathan Dale on guitar, Jeremy Plog on bass, Steve Taylor on keyboard, and Zack Bowden on drums. Past members included Henderson Phillips, Matt McCord, Bruce Spencer, Ben Lefever and Nick Swimley.

Greene is currently a member of Trigger Hippy along with Joan Osborne, Steve Gorman, Tom Bukovac, and Nick Govrik. In the Spring of 2012 Greene, Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead and Chris Robinson of the Black Crowes embarked on an acoustic tour. They called themselves the Weir, Robinson, Greene trio. Or WRG, for short.

In late 2012, the Black Crowes announced that Greene would be joining their lineup starting in Spring of 2013.
