Screeny 3 Professional

Screeny 3 Professional is capture utility.

Screeny 3 Professional, the software for individuals, is a very powerful and flexible tool for professional desktop screenshots and videos, which you can hold everything from your screen as an image or video.

Screeny 3 is the screenshot program for professional screen shots, even from DirectX games, passing opportunities with innovative, comprehensive assessment and. Through seamless integration with MS Office, Screeny 3 Professional also fits perfectly into your office environment.

Who takes screenshots every day, the work makes it easier to Screeny 3 Professional!

Forget rigid operating concepts from other providers! Configure your user interface itself! Set yourself, what to include and what to do with it. All settings are stored in macro profiles, which you can customize to your needs. Modify the existing profiles from macro to your liking, or create new, completely personalized with your settings. You can sort your macro profiles in groups, and so the user interface Screeny 3 Adjust your wishes. All consumption-related settings are managed in this macro profiles, configurable. You can create your own macros, customize, whether shooting range, hotkey, effect settings! .... And with the different styles you can also customize the look of Screeny 3 individually to your taste

The applications for Screeny 3 Professional are very diverse

for assistance in the user interface of programs
for image copies of programs that can not otherwise be saved
for error documentation from an image
for demonstration videos of programs for product advertising
Installation procedures illustrate
Using a software mediate
...
The concept

Bedienkozept flexible, to adapt the functionality to your needs
Macro-based interface, create your own macros, each with different properties for the recording area and output, etc.
Macro-based or global termination of the hosting (activation, output, etc.)
Appearance of the user interface (themes) to your personal taste choice (Black, Blue ...)
Built-in tools

Powerful image editor for your images
Image browser with 2-window view and Explorer functionality
Image Converter can convert, just shooting in different file formats
Recording options screenshot mode

Screeny 3 Professional, has a high budget shooting to really take everything exactly from the screen as you want recording.

Shooting:

Recording selection rectangle
Choice about receiving
Free admission selection
Host region selection
Window Capture
Window Capture client
Window Capture all visible windows
Record menu, record nested menu structures child's play
Scrolling areas receive
Subject receiving
Full screen
DOS window
Output options screenshot mode

Screeny 3 Professional, has extensive deployment options to bring your recording to the destination of your choice.

Recording can be saved in the following formats:

JPG file
GIF file
PNG
BMP file
TIFF file
PDF file
The recordings can also be made directly from Screeny 3 Professional passed on to different targets:

Save as File
Print
Send by e-mail
Upload to FTP server
To application
The internal editor insert
In MS Excel
In MS Word
In MS PowerPoint
insert into MindManager
Save in clipboard
Drop drag and drop in almost any application
Save as PDF file

Recording video recording capabilities

With Screeny 3 Professional, you also have the option of video recordings of the event record on the screen, ideal as of intuition or training video to illustrate eg operating steps in programs, including natural sound from such a connected microphone.

Here, too, different shooting modes and output formats to choose from:

Shooting:

Full screen
Selection area
Selectable window

Output formats:

AVI
WMV
FLV
SWF

Language:

-German
-English

System Requirements

XP/Vista/7/8 Windows (x86)
Pentium IV, 1.2 GHz
DirectX 9 or higher
Graphics card 16 bit color depth (High Color), 64 MB RAM
50 MB of hard disk space
Internet connection (only for online update)
512 MB RAM (1 GB RAM or higher for Windows Vista / 7 and above)
Windows Media Player version 9.x

Recommended:

Pentium IV, 2.4 GHz or higher
Graphics card 16 bit color depth (high color), 256 MB RAM or higher
2 GB RAM or higher

Homepage: http://www.kaemsoft.de

Installation Instructions:

- Install program 
(it will install in German Language, will give you option to change language on first time Application run).
- Register Application with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.