Kelly Devine and her MASSIVE BOOBS bound, Brutal deep throat fucking, Screaming Orgasms! | Kelly Divine | Matt Williams

April 15, 2013 


MP4 only.

 
Kelly Devine is back, and look, she brought her massive tits and amazing ass! Kelly was built for sex, and small countries have gone to war over her. Kelly is a sexual Goddess and none of us are worthy.

This was the Meet and Greet with Kelly, it is the first scene we do for the day. It is where we test our girls to find strengths and weakness. We do all the bondage on screen and the scene flows. There is no plan, we just create before your eyes. 

There is not much to write that the video preview didn't show. This was about great breast bondage, brutal face fucking, and sex. We overload Kelly and severely challenge her with cock. With her hands bound to her HUGE tits and her elbows bound tightly behind her, there is nothing Kelly can do as the cock skull fucks her silly. 

Copious amounts of deep throat spit get fucked out of Kelly's pretty mouth and throat. She can't help but drool all over her tits and body. We take that deep throat spit lube up the hard cock and fuck Kelly from behind. It only takes a couple deep hard strokes and Kelly is cumming and cumming hard!

We re-bind kelly on her knees with her hands above her head and we continue her sexy trip into subspace with more skull fucking. Balls deep, no air brutal throat fucking at its best. When Kelly is blasted, eyes glazed over, staring off into no where, we pull her to her feet. She is pulled by her wrists to the very tip of her toes, left to suffer while we enjoy her body. She suffers as we look on, enjoying the view... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/04_15kdivine/SexuallyBroken-Kelly-Devine-Matt-Williams-Kelly-Devine-and-her-MASSIVE-BOOBS-bound-Brutal-deep-throat-fucking-Screaming-Orgasms.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

