Their debut self-titled album was released on October 12, 2011, and features English-language heavy metal covers of several anime theme songs, 
ranging from Dragon Ball's "Makafushigi Adventure!" to Neon Genesis Evangelion's "A Cruel Angel's Thesis". The songs were arranged by 
Impellitteri and former Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman. A second album is in production, having asked their Japanese and American 
fans to submit requests for songs they should cover on it.

In March 2012 it was revealed that the band have collaborated with Hironobu Kageyama of JAM Project to provide the opening theme to the Naruto 
anime spin-off series Rock Lee & His Ninja Pals. This song is set to be released as a single and will also be included on their forthcoming 
second album due for release in Japan in June 2012.

In the summer of 2012, they will be teaming up with JAM Project for a limited national concert tour called the Japan-America Anison Summit 
(μùÑτ▒│πéóπâïπé╜πâ│πé╡πâƒπââπâê, Nichi-Bei Anison Samitto).

Animetal USA (www.animetalusa.com) takes up where the original Japanese Animetal band left off in 1996, 
combining classic anime music with original metal riffs, solos, vocals, bass and drums, as well as some very cool surprises. 
In fact, you will hear a few familiar metal riffs from some of your favorite legendary metal bands that gave their blessing, 
mixed with new originals. Animetal USA features singer Mike Vescera (Obsession, ex-Loudness), bassist Rudy Sarzo (ex-Ozzy Osbourne, 
Quiet Riot, Whitesnake, Dio), drummer Jon Dette (Slayer/Testament) and guitarist Chris Impellitteri. 
Their debut features the band covering Japanese anime theme songs ΓÇô a spin on the original Animetal band launched in Japan by 
Anthem vocalist Eizo Sakamoto that was launched in 1996 and called it quits in 2006. 

This album is produced by Greg Reely, with all songs arranged by Marty Friedman (ex-Megadeth) & Chris Impellitteri. (2012)


Track listing:

01  Touch 

02  Cats Eye

03  Hero Medley

04  Dragon Ball Medley

05  The Galaxy Express 999

06  We Are!

07  Yuzurenai Negai

08  Joshi Animedley

09  Ai Oboete Imasu ka

10  JAM Project Medley

11  Give Lee Give Lee Rock Lee (Extended Version)