Nitro PDF Professional v8.5.1.10 32 Bits & 64 Bits
 
http://www.nitropdf.com/es/default.aspx

Multilingual including Spanish | 285 Mb | Incl Medicine | 32 Bits & 64 Bits

Description:
---------------
Create + Merge
Nitro Pro 8 lets you easily create standard PDF files from virtually any file format.
In addition, sharing files becomes a harmonized process: The created PDF in Nitro Pro can be opened and viewed on virtually any computer, and displayed exactly as you expect.

Edit text & images
From simple typos corrected to apply many formatting changes, Nitro Pro 8 lets you get PDF files are exactly as you want. Simply click on the item you want to edit the document and make changes (PDF file directly).

Convert + export
Nitro Pro 8 features three modes of conversion and advanced extraction tools that allow you to reuse PDF content more accurately. You can extract text and images from reports, presentations and other documents for reuse in another application.

Processing with OCR Scan +
Instantly convert any paper document into a PDF file editable and suitable for searches with OCR (optical character recognition) of Nitro Pro is easier to search, index, archive, share and distribute digital documents. They are also more environmentally friendly and more affordable.

Collaborate + Review
Never been easier to share comments. Nitro Pro 8 streamlines your review cycles to facilitate communication of multiple teams of people, documents, and geographic locations. Nitro Pro is 100% compatible with Adobe ® Acrobat ®, Adobe Reader and other solutions.

Sign & Certify
Never again waste time with the printing process-signing-Scan-shipping. Nitro Pro 8 lets you convert documents to PDF forms and then add digital signatures and encrypted, making it possible for all the electronic approval process is faster than ever.

Control + protect
With Nitro Pro 8, you can rest assured that your PDF content will always be protected and never be vulnerable. You can easily restrict access to PDF and use these, set password protection, remove sensitive information and controlling how your system interacts with potentially malicious content.

Requirements:
-----------------
Desktops: Windows ® XP, Windows ® Vista, Windows ® 7, Windows 8 (x64 editions supported).
Servers: Windows ® Server 2003, Windows ® Server 2008, Windows ® Server 2008 R2 (Terminal Server supports configurations and Citrix XenApp / Access Essentials.) For more information about server-side deployment, visit the program website Citrix and Terminal Server.
Processor: 1 gigahertz (GHz) or faster processor.
RAM: 512 MB RAM (1 GB recommended).
Display: 1024 × 768 screen resolution.
Installer size: 43 MB
Installation space: 163 MB
Space available: up to 520 MB of free space on the hard disk.
Microsoft Office 2003 or higher (required for Microsoft Office integrated features)
Microsoft. NET Framework 2.0 (or higher)