
Pirates! Showdown is a fast-paced game combining real-time strategy(RTS) and defense tactics. Face off against the fearsome Red Hand privateers in thrilling head-to-head pirate battles on the high sea! Capture towns and other structures to strengthen your defense and increase your gold supply. Capture your enemy's base to win, but make sure you are also defending your own base!

INSTANT ACTION RTS!
Fast paced gameplay with RTS and defense tactics without heavy resource management or the need to micro-manage units.

WEIGH ANCHOR!
Command your fleet of pirate ships as you send them to intercept the enemy pirates or lay siege to land targets. Send an armada of Brigantines or save your gold for a massive Ship of the Line!

CAPTURE!
Towns, guard towers, shipyards, lighthouses, mystical obelisks, and more can all be captured. Structures all have a unique purpose and will supply you with gold, attack your enemy, buff up you ships, allow you to launch more ships, etc.

UPGRADE!
Upgrade towns to increase gold production. Upgrade guard towers to increase their firepower and strengthen your defenses.

STRATEGY!
Will you aggressively capture towns to loot their gold or invest in the towns you have to increase their gold production? Wage a purely pirate ship battle or strengthen your defenses with upgraded guard towers? Find the right RTS strategy to beat each level.

50 UNIQUE LEVELS IN THREE WORLDS!
Combat the enemy in the tropical Caribbean then follow them into Hades in the River Styx world. And the Open Sea world have the largest levels of any of them.

ADJUSTABLE AI DIFFICULTY!
Set the game to be as easy or as difficult as you want. Set the AI to adjust to your skill or set it to play a completely even/fair match every time. Pirates of all strategy skill levels should be satisfied

***GALAXY S4 note***
The crash bug that was affecting some Galaxy S4 users has now been fixed

What's in this version:
Fixed Galaxy S4 crash bug
Separate optimized texture sets for Tegra, PowerVR, and ETC1, capable GPUs
Misc. tweaks

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flashpointgames.piratesshowdown
