No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

If everybody seeds, you will get higher downloading speeds.

System Requirements:
 - Windows 8/7/Vista/XP(32/64 bit)
 - Pentium II 500 MHz
 - 256 MB of RAM
 - 10 GB of Free Hard Disk Space
 - A DVD-R(W) or DVD+R(W) Drive

DVDFab 9.0.4.5 Updated!
 New: Added support to rip Blu-ray and DVD with DTS audio to mp4 file.
 Fix: A messy code displays problem when installing DVDFab in Swedish.
 Fix: Some localization problems.
 Fix: A problem that FabRegOp.exe pops up twice when launching DVDFab and UAC is open.
 Fix: A crash problem when previewing with DirectShow engine and DXVA decoder is enabled.
 Fix: A crash problem when previewing with Internal engine in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that DVDFab should not read and analyze blank Blu-ray or DVD disc when user insert a blank disc to driver.
 Fix: A problem that should not save the settings after clicked cancel button on Common Settings page.
 Fix: A problem that should not allow user drop & drag source in home page.
 Fix: A problem that cannot delete task when cancelling burning task in Copy and Creator.
 Fix: A problem that cannot play back the ripped files by QuickTime.
 Fix: An error 1010/1000 problem when copying Blu-ray 3D disc in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem when ripping Blu-ray with 3d.mkv.h264.audiocopy profile, such as: HUGO_3D.iso.
 Fix: Improved the accuracy of calculation for copying Blu-ray video output bitrate.
 Fix: An oversize problem when copying Blu-ray 3d disc to BD25 in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem when copying Blu-ray 3D disc to BD25 in certain cases, such as: Megamind_3D, Life of Pi_3D, Adventures of Tintin_3D and Ice Age Continental Drift_3D.
 Fix: A freeze at beginning problem when ripping and Intel Quick Sync decoder and encoder are enabled.
 Fix: A problem that the language of subtitle is ?ǣNull?ǥ when playing the ripped mkv file, if the subtitle output mode is set to ?ǣRemux into file?ǥ.
 Fix: A problem that slight electric sound in the left audio channel when playing back the ripped file which is made for Galaxy Note II profile.
 Fix: A problem that the ripped mp4.h264.aac files cannot be opened by DVDFab.

Homepage: www.dvdfab.com