Chanel Preston ORGASMED beyond the capacity for rational thought. Trapped on a SYBIAN, skull fucked | Chanel Preston | Matt Williams

February 8, 2013 

    
MP4 only.
    
 
Welcome 2012 AVN performer of the year nominee Chanel Preston to Sexually Broken. It won't take very long to figure out why she was nominated, this woman is beautiful, tough, with an amazing body and endurance you don't find just anywhere. 

Trapped and helpless in custom made stocks and stuck on the world's most powerful vibrator, Chanel find herself is her worst nightmare. She hates the Sybian, with a passion. You see, Chanel's sexy little clit is very sensitive and the Sybian drives her insane. It makes her cum, it rips orgasm after orgasm out of her helpless body, each more brutal than the last. Pain-full pleasure, and there is nothing Chanel can do to stop it. Nothing at all.

With her legs pulled out and her head and hands trapped in hard wood, Chanel is utterly and completely helpless. Her mouth is at cock height and the bondage is rigid and permanent, she is hooded and blindfolded. She will be in a dark hell of skull fucking and brutal orgasms from which there is no escape.

We turn up the Sybian slowly at first, teasing and taunting. It's not high enough to cause pleasurable distress, just enough to excite and tease. Drool drips out of her gagged mouth as moans of helplessness escape her throat.

We turn up the machine full tilt and within seconds Chanel is coming. She tries to fight it, because she knows if she cums once it will make her cum over and over in a series of brutally painful orgasms that will destroy her brain and ability to even think about anything other than cumming and cumming.

We rip out the gag and replace it with hard cock. We deep throat fuck our AVN nominated porn star into subspace. We punish her throat and mouth while the vibrator keeps making her cum. Air is hard to come by, and that makes her cum even harder. The cock abuses her throat and with her head trapped in place, her mouth and throat open up and take a heroic skull fucking the likes of we have never scene. In the end Chanel is a drooling babbling mess, a shell of what she was 10 minutes earlier. We leave the vibrator on high, turn out the lights and leave her to cum. She has no will in the matter, the machine owns her soul and her soul can't stop the orgasms....  
 
Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/02_08cpreston3/SexuallyBroken-Chanel-Preston-Matt-Williams-Chanel-Preston-ORGASMED-beyond-the-capacity-for-rational-thought-Trapped-on-a-SYBIAN-skull-fucked.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

