Genuine 20yr old Farmer's Daughter, former Cheerleader, Gymnast, gets destroyed by cock & orgasms. | Allie James | Matt Williams

May 8, 2013 


MP4 only.
 
 
Welcome Allie James to Sexually Broken, the most realistic Sex and Submission site on the net. Allie is your all American 20yr old, blond hair, athletic girl, raised on a 900 acre farm. Allie is also a former gymnast and cheerleader. At 5'9 with natural big breasts she is the perfect candidate for a cock overload. 

We love former gymnasts, they are bendy, tough and can take whatever you throw at them. Today we put our sexy farmer's girl in a back arching bondage device from hell. We oil up her hard body and try to suck all of her boobs into suction tubes. We tickle and flog her to warm her up, and a specialized vibrator directly on her clit makes her cum and pee at the same time. 

With her head bent back and upside down, we deliver a brutal face fucking to our helpless Farmer's Daughter. The spit runs down her face into her eyes and nose. She is a messy cock sucker and we are ruthless in our skull fucking. We pull out a vibrator and make her cum over and over while the cock is jammed balls deep down her throat. 

With a hard wet cock well lubed from her throat spit we walk around and slide it deep and hard into her 20yr old shaved pussy. We fuck her hard, her grunts and moans can be heard throughout the entire building. Back and forth we move, fucking her hot tight pussy, then deep throating her into subspace. Back and forth, over and over, we never give her a chance to get on top of it. In the end we make her cum again with the specialized vibrator and leave her with all her throat spit covering her, arched helpless and dazed. She looks out with empty eyes staring at nothing from the depths of subspace. Another broken one... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/05_08ajames3/SexuallyBroken-Allie-James-Matt-Williams-Genuine-20yr-old-Farmers-Daughter-former-Cheerleader-Gymnast-gets-destroyed-by-cock-&-orgasms.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

