Authors: David Sadava, David M. Hillis,
H. Craig Heller, May Berenbaum
Title: Life: The Science of Biology
Publication Date: October 15, 2009
Publisher: W. H. Freeman
Pages: 1267
List Price: $105
File Format: PDF
File Size: 142 MB

Description

The science of biology evolves. The science classroom and lab evolve. In this edition, as always, Life: The Science of Biology evolves with them, in innovative, authoritative, and captivating ways.

From the First Edition to the present, Life has set the standard for being the most balanced experimentally-based introductory biology text. Life has always presented how we know (the process of science through experiments) as well as what we know (concepts and facts derived from these experiments). The new edition builds on this legacy, again teaching fundamental concepts and the latest developments by taking students step-by-step through the research that revealed them. To achieve this, all of the Ninth Edition’s innovations—new authorship, new and reorganized chapters, new experimental content, enhanced features, and art, and new media tools—are focused on giving students and instructors the best tools for bringing the best of biological research and applications into the introductory majors biology course.

Enduring Features

Balanced experimental coverage. Life stands out from the other introductory biology texts in that it is not simply a “laundry list” of facts, nor is it so filled with strings of experiments that it obscures the concepts students need to learn.

Cutting-edge content. Life has always broken new content ground and continues to do so in the Ninth Edition.

Innovative balloon art. Consistently praised as having the best illustration program in introductory biology, Life uses step-by-step illustrations with strategically placed balloon captions to guide students through experiments and biological processes with succinct, clear explanations.

The best media. Life continues to lead the pack with cutting-edge teaching and learning support, every component of which was created for this book alone. The new BioPortal provides a complete online gateway to all of the student and instructor resources available with Life. Extensive presentation resources allow great flexibility in incorporating engaging images, videos, and animations into the lecture. Newly updated and integrated assessment resources help instructors keep close track of student and class progress.


Table of Contents

PART ONE The Science of Life and Its Chemical Basis
PART TWO Cells
PART THREE Cells and Energy
PART FOUR Genes and Heredity
PART FIVE Genomes
PART SIX The Patterns and Processes of Evolution
PART SEVEN The Evolution of Diversity
PART EIGHT Flowering Plants: Form and Function
PART NINE Animals: Form and Function
PART TEN Ecology