Hotspot Connectify Pro 4.3.0.26370 Full + Serial - If you do not want to spend your money on a new router that would help you set up a wireless network, it's probably the time to give a try Connectify. In case the name does not tell you that much, Hotspot Connectify Pro 4.3.0.26370 Full + Serial is a downloadable application that can turn your wireless-capable computer into a virtual router, thus allowing you to use the same Internet connection on multiple devices . The interface is definitely the ace up its sleeve, Because all the Things have been designed to make the whole process very easy to use, even by those uninitiated. The configuration process can be done in a minute, as Connectify prompts you to choose the hotspot name, the password, the WiFi device to be used, the security mode and choose Whether to enable Internet sharing or not.
 
Hotspot Connectify Pro 4.3.0.26370 Full + Serial - Of course, you'll have full control over your wireless network all the time, so you will know exactly who is connected to your server. We've tested the application on a Windows 7 laptop and everything worked quite smooth, but keep in mind that a wireless network adapter is a must have in order to use the program. All in all, you will not find an application that's Easier to use than Connectify and although you'll have to purchase a pro license to unlock its full powers, it's definitely worth the price.
Highlights of Connectify Pro Include:
 
Hotspot Connectify Pro 4.3.0.26370 Full + Serial - Share Wi-Fi from 3G/4G Networks - Connectify Pro now supports sharing Internet from 3G/4G cards in addition to a wide variety of other USB cards and dongles.
Scannify "Service Discovery - Connectify Pro will automatically scan your network for available shared folders or drives, web servers, and other remote services.
AutoInternet Selection - When set to "Automatic," Connectify Pro intelligently chooses roomates Internet connection to share and makes Necessary configuration changes to your hotspot.
Fully Customizable SSID - Name your hotspot whatever you want! Connectify Lite requires your hotspot name to start with "Connectify."
Support for Windows XP and Windows Vista - Ad-Hoc Mode only.
 
Changes in 4.2.0.26.088:
User Interface Improvements: Better use of vertical space. Adapters keep the same colors and graphs across all pages in the application.
Improved support system: After running the troubleshooter, you'll be directed to your profile page Dispatch for further assistance, and a simpler way to submit your ticket to Connectify Support
Improved algorithm Dominate: Correctly uses bandwidth adapters Whose values ??are manually overridden
Feature: Improved tooltips throughout application
Feature: Changing a connection to "Backup" now prompts the user to ask Whether to break any sockets that are currently active.
Feature: Dispatch now warns the user with a message at the top of the Dashboard when DNS errors are detected, and suggests using the DNS Override option.
Feature: Support for subscriptions. Users can now pay for the software via subscription, instead of a one-time license.
Feature: Longer length graph options in the Dashboard.
Bugfix: Green line for fastest speed of the connection is now for the fastest connection that you are allowing Dispatch to use.
Bugfix: Shows less messages when the computer wakes from hibernation.
Bugfix: More accurate reliability metrics in the Dashboard.
Bugfix: When adapters are removed from the system, they no longer instantly disappear from the graphs.

~ Install Notes ~
Step 1: Run the setup and install.
Step 2: Use the given serial key to activate

Enjoy.