ARROW (2013) SEiZOEN 1 DVD 6 DD5.1 NL Subs 

ARROW - Seizoen 1 - DVD 6


Cast:

Oliver Queen - Stephen Amell (Private Practice, Hung)
Laurel Lance - Katie Cassidy (Harper''s Island, Melrose Place, Gossip Girl)
Tommy Merlyn - Colin Donnell (Pan Am)
John Diggle - David Ramsey (Blue Bloods, Ghost Whisperer, Dexter)
Thea Queen - Willa Holland (The O.C, Gossip Girl)
Moira Queen - Susanna Thompson (NCIS, Kings)
Det. Quintin Lance - Paul Blackthorne (Lipstick Jungle, The River, 24)

** PLOT **

5 jaar nadat Oliver Queen schipbreuk heeft geleden en dood gewaand
werd, wordt hij levend aangetroffen op een afgelegen eiland in de
grote oceaan. Nadat hij door zijn moeder, zus en beste vriend met
open armen weer is ontvangen in Starling City, merken zij op dat
er iets in die 5 jaar Oliver heeft veranderd. Terwijl Oliver
geheim probeert te houden wie hij is geworden, probeert hij in het
reine te komen met de keuzes welke hij als jongen heeft gemaakt.
Terwijl Oliver opnieuw zijn relaties met zijn vrienden en familie
probeert op te pakken, creëert hij zijn alter ego, The Green Arrow,
waarmee hij de strijd aan gaat met de verkeerde acties van zijn familie
en de ziektes van de maatschappij om zo Sterling City weer in de
vergane glorie te herstellen.

English

After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. When he returns home to Starling City, his devoted mother Moira, much-beloved sister Thea, and best friend Tommy welcome him home, but they sense Oliver has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While Oliver hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Laurel Lance. As Oliver reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the persona of Arrow - a vigilante to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory. By day, Oliver plays the role of a wealthy, carefree and careless philanderer he used to be - flanked by his devoted chauffeur/bodyguard, John Diggle - while carefully concealing the secret identity he turns to under cover of darkness. However, Laurel's father, Detective Quentin Lance, is determined to arrest the vigilante operating in his city. Meanwhile, Oliver's own mother, Moira, knows much more about the deadly shipwreck than she has let on and is more ruthless than he could ever imagine. 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2193021


[img]http://i845.photobucket.com/albums/ab16/hortencia9/plaatjes%20film/marjan/extrainfoplain.png[/img]

Aflevering

16. Dead to Rights
17. The Huntress Returns
18. Salvation
19. Unfinished Business

Audio...........: Engels (DD5.1)
Video...........: 720x480
Size............: 4.99 GB
Bron............: x264 (WEB-DL)
Beeldverhouding.........: 16:9
Framerate........: 29,970 fps
Standaard........: NTSC
Subs............: Custom NEDERLANDS
Formaat.........: Video_TS
Menu............: JA 16:9 (full Motion HQ Menu)
DVD-Cover.......: JA
production-Team.: THC, Seabert & Pinhead
Quality over Quantity (QoQ) Releases
Vertaling: r3p0, Dream013 & Inartie
Controle elthijsie & Ren Hoek

Enjoy the Movie

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.