- Contains Scarface: Scarred for life & Scarface: Devil in Disguise. Also in order of release!

**I don't own any of the content contained within this torrent, all credit goes to the creators of the comic**


Scarface - Devil in Disguise description:

The definitive prequel to the 1983 cult-classic film! Before Tony Montana came to America, he cut his teeth as a young military assassin in Cuba, and rose up as a hustler in Havana. He knows the world is his, and he craves the American dream. But first, he's gotta get out from Castro-imposed solitary confinement. Add to this Molotov cocktail mix the CIA, La Cosa Nostra, and the scumbag who gave Montana his infamous scar. Make a deal with the devil... just know which devil you're dealing with first. Hell hath no fury like the ghetto opera brought to you by the outlaw team of Joshua Jabcuga (Doomed) and Wizard magazine's Heat Index artist Alberto Dose (Desperadoes: Buffalo Dreams).


Scarface - Scarred For Life description:

When we last saw Cuban exile and Miami gangster Tony Montana, his cocaine-fueled body was riddled with bullets in the 1983 Brian DePalma cinematic classic, Scarface. Now, IDW Publishing proudly presents the second coming of Tony Montana in the sequel to the end-all-be-all of gangster movies with an all-new five-issue comic book miniseries—Scarface: Scarred for Life.

The blood-soaked tale picks up where the movie left off, as Tony Montana survives—you read that right—but just barely. Having lost almost everything—including very nearly his life—Tony must once again claw his way to the top of the sun-drenched Florida underworld. If the odds were stacked against the gangster before, he now stands in the shadow of odds stacked twice as high.

The creative team responsible for the resurrection of Scarface is writer John Layman (Fantastic Four, House of M) and artist Dave Crosland (Hack/Slash: Land of Lost Toys), the demented duo responsible for the wickedly depraved and seriously funny comic series, Puffed.

"It is indeed over-the-top, and it will be funnier and darkly comic than the movie, which was played pretty much with a straight face," says Scarface: Scarred for Life writer John Layman. "Times have changed since the movie, and what was shocking in 1983 is a little more commonplace today. So you're going to see some very creative murders— and if you have any sort of decency in your soul, you're going to feel bad for laughing as hard as you do when you read this stuff."