
 
http://img811.imageshack.us/img811/9227/defeatchronicpainnow978.jpg


Defeat Chronic Pain Now!: Groundbreaking Strategies for Eliminating the Pain of Arthritis, Back and Neck Conditions, Migraines, Diabetic Neuropathy, and Chronic Illness 

Publisher: Fair Winds Press
Charles Argoff, Bradley S Galer
2010 
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1592334075
ISBN-13: 978-1592334070
272 Pages 
EPUB 
9.52 MB

If you are one of the millions of people suffering from chronic pain, it can often seem as if your discomfort is running—and ruining—your life. Maybe you’ve even been told that “it’s all in your head” and you just have to endure the debilitating effects of migraines, arthritis, back and neck pain, and chronic illness. You can feel good again! Defeat Chronic Pain Now! is your survival guide to preventing, reversing, and managing chronic pain.

Referencing breakthrough medical research, two of the leading pain specialists in the field, Bradley S. Galer, M.D., and Charles E. Argoff, M.D., present hidden and little known causes of common chronic pain conditions, how to avoid misdiagnosis, and the latest treatments under development including:
 —Myofascial Dysfunction: The real (undiagnosed!) culprit in 90% of Back and Neck Pain
 —DMARDS and NSAIDS: Two breakthrough drugs that promise significant relief for Arthritis
 —Nutraceuticals: The natural wonder treatment for Peripheral Neuropathy
 —Focal heat trigger-point (FHTP) therapy: The new drug-free approach to Migraine relief

The first practical book on integrative pain management, Defeat Chronic Pain Now! gives you the latest information on surgical options, new medications, complementary therapies, and psychological interventions that can be used to rewire your body for pain relief. For each condition and procedure, you’ll learn what to expect in the hospital and the doctor's office, and what self-therapy solutions you can do on your own. Detailed illustrations and easy-to-understand descriptions help you select the best treatment options to improve your unique type of pain and take back your life.
