One Night With Sole Regrets Series (.5-5) by Olivia Cunning in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

Note*: Entire Descriptions Could Not Fit

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 

Share Me (One Night With Sole Regret #0.5) by Olivia Cunning (November 2012)

After a benefit concert, Lindsey longs to spend an amazing Christmas Eve with her favorite band, Sole Regret, to thank them for their generosity. Even though she followed their tour bus up a slick mountain pass during a blizzard, she never expected to spend an entire snowy night with two generous rock stars who love to share their gifts. Trapped on a tour bus with her best friend, a rock band, and the bus driver, what can these naughty ladies possibly do to keep warm? Perhaps a better question is what won't they do?

Try Me (One Night With Sole Regret #1) by Olivia Cunning (June 2012)

For the five sexy rock gods of Sole Regret, finding love is easy, keeping it is hard.
Melanie has no desire to meet the members of the rock band, Sole Regret, but her groupie of a best friend gets them both backstage and then rushes off with the band’s lead singer. Left alone at an after party with a bunch of scary tattooed and pierced metal-heads, sheltered Melanie is relieved when the only normal-looking guy in the room insists on keeping her company.
By the time Melanie discovers that Gabe is the band’s drummer and not as normal as she assumed, she has already made a complete fool of herself. She can’t help but be interested in him, not as a rock star, but as the sexiest man she’s ever encountered. Strangely attracted to his hidden tattoos and body piercing, she wonders what it would be like to spend a night with a bad boy.
Gabe is more than willing to show sweet Melanie there’s more to him than meets the eye. All she has to do is try him. Will they only share a single night of passion? Or will their hearts entangle as quickly as their bodies?

Tempt Me (One Night With Sole Regret #2) by Olivia Cunning (September 2012)


Take Me (One Night With Sole Regret #3) by Olivia Cunning (October 2012)


Touch Me (One Night With Sole Regret #4) by Olivia Cunning (April 2013)


Tie Me (One Night with Sole Regret #5) by Olivia Cunning (June 14th 2013)

His heart is tied to his past…
When Sole Regret’s rhythm guitarist, Kellen Jamison, vowed to be faithful to his fiancée and love her forever, he meant it. He never expected to lose her to cancer so early in life. He’s certain he’ll never love again, but destiny has another plan for him.
Her heart is tied to her work…
Grammy-winning classical composer and piano virtuoso, Dawn O’Reilly, is overwhelmed with music-writing deadlines, a fickle muse, and high-expectations. She doesn’t have time to find love, but chance seeks to interfere with her carefully devised plans.
They’re bound to become entangled...
From the instant Kellen hears Dawn’s latest musical composition, his spirits rise. The stirring melody and the remarkable woman responsible for its creation are impossible to resist. His attraction is undeniable; her passion unquenchable. Kellen teaches Dawn there’s freedom in bondage, while her sensuality drives him to unleash his tightly controlled self-restraint. Will the ropes Kellen uses to secure Dawn’s body be the force that binds them together or ultimately sever all ties between them?

Seed and Enjoy!