GENRE: Soundtrack

DATE: 2011

COUNTRY: USA

AUDIO CODEC: MP3

QUALITY: 320 kbps

PLAYTIME: 49:02

Sucker Punch is the soundtrack for the film of the same name. It was released on March 22, 2011 by WaterTower Music. The album consists of covered songs, mainly by the film's stars. Emily Browning sings three songs, and Carla Gugino and Oscar Isaac performs a cover of "Love Is the Drug" as a duet. Recording artists Björk, Skunk Anansie, Emilíana Torrini, Queen, Carla Azar, Alison Mosshart and Yoav also have songs on the soundtrack.

All of the covers on the album were produced by Marius de Vries and Tyler Bates, who utilized orchestral and rock sounds. Director Zack Snyder wanted the songs to add depth, dimension and meaning to the fantasy aspects of the film. The recording sessions began in September 2009. Part of Browning's audition for her role in the film included recording herself while singing. Snyder liked her voice and offered her to sing The Smiths' song "Asleep". The crew and Smiths' frontman Morrissey were happy with the result, and Browning recorded two more songs for the soundtrack, including the Eurythmics' "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" which is played during the film's opening sequence.

The album received generally positive reviews. Critics considered it one of the best soundtracks of the year, although the rap by Armageddon in the mash-up of Queen's "I Want It All" and "We Will Rock You" was cited as the album's bad point. Browning was praised for her performance throughout the album, mainly on "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)". Sucker Punch reached number twenty-two on the Billboard 200, and the top of the Top Soundtracks chart. Internationally, the album reached the top fifty in Australia, New Zealand, Austria and Germany.

TRACKLIST :

1. "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)
2. "Army of Me (Sucker Punch Remix)
3. "White Rabbit" 
4. "I Want It All / We Will Rock You Mash-Up"
5. "Search and Destroy" 
6. "Tomorrow Never Knows" 
7. "Where Is My Mind?"   
8. "Asleep"   
9. "Love Is the Drug" 

ARTISTS:

1. Emily Browning 
2. Björk featuring Skunk Anansie
3. Emilíana Torrini 
4. Queen featuring Armageddon aka Geddy 
5. Skunk Anansie  
6. Alison Mosshart and Carla Azar
7. Yoav and Emily Browning 
8. Emily Browning 
9. Carla Gugino & Oscar Isaac

SEED AND SHARE!!! ;)