Artist: Sea Wolf
Release: Old World Romance
Discogs: 3882205
Released: 2012-09-11
Label: Dangerbird Records
Catalog#: DGB091V / DGB091
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: US
Style: Rock, Folk Rock, Alternative Rock, Indie Rock

Tracklisting:

01. Old Friend
02. In Nothing
03. Priscilla
04. Kasper
05. Blue Stockings
06. Saint Catherine St.
07. Changing Seasons
08. Dear Fellow Traveller
09. Miracle Cure
10. Whirlpool

New is overrated. Both in the frenetically trend-cycling province of indie rock and the world as a whole, the novel and unfamiliar can often initially appear to be more exciting and challenging than that which seems based in already-explored territory. After a while, however, that buzz band or new trend starts to seem sillier and sillier while familiar themes and questions are repeating themselves and demanding attention. Alex Brown Church, the man behind Sea Wolf, knows that thoughtful depth can be far more rewarding than dilettantish breadth and uses the band’s third album, Old World Romance to illustrate his point.

Sea Wolf started as a bedroom recording project fleshed out with a band in the studio, and its first two albums were full of songs that felt like fleshed-out solo acoustic numbers. However, on Old World Romance, Church takes full advantage of his backing band and the time production possibilities of his home studio, crafting a set of songs that rely on atmosphere and instrumentation just as much as songwriting. The sound of the record is rooted firmly in northwestern indie-pop of the mid-‘00s, calling to mind Nada Surf’s Chris Walla-produced albums, early Rogue Wave and Plans-era Death Cab For Cutie.

Although Sea Wolf is based in LA, Church grew up in Berkley and the small mountain town of Columbia, California, which helps explain the music’s sound because Old World Romance has a distinctly autumnal vibe that the City of Angels just can’t provide. The album’s songs center around the ideas of returning home and coming to grips with accepting one’s life on its own terms. Like many of his generation who were just spit out by their tumultuous twenties, Church wanders around his old haunts, staying out late, looking at the oceans, meeting friends from his past and otherwise trying to ground himself in time and space.
 
http://dickthespic.org/