POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 14 - Apostle Peter and The Last Supper



POtHS says: This is good for all ages. This is a Movie of Faith, Faith that Few of Us Have.

Description:

Apostle Peter and the Last Supper
2012  NR  88 min

Awarded the Dove Foundations ΓÇ£Family Seal of ApprovalΓÇ¥ and recommended for ages Twelve and above, Apostle Peter And The Last Supper is a must see family Faith-based biblical story of hope, forgiveness, prayer and the message that anything is possible. Relive the time Peter spent with Jesus, from the Great Commission to the life-changing Last Supper and the garden of Gethsemane. Set in Rome. AD 67. Two Jailers at the ancient Mamertine Prison take custody of a famous criminal. He is Simon Peter of Galilee-apostle, disciple, and the personal friend of Jesus (Bruce Marchiano), also called The Christ. Condemned to death, the elderly Peter (Robert Loggia) recounts his life as a simple fisherman who became one of the boldest figures in all of Christianity. As Peter prepares to depart this earthly life, he will make an unforgettable impression on his jailers through the saving power of the Gospel.
--------------------------------------------------------------
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
