 http://imgload.me/img-50f8929e84455.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50f8929e8ce1f.html 

Information
Title: 7 Sins
Released: May 18, 2005
Genre: Adventure, Arcade, 3rd Person, For Adults
Developer: Monte Cristo
Publisher: Digital Jesters, Akella
Language: Russian / English
Crack, NoCD: Not required

Description
Apple City - city of dreams come true, the power of capital, the cradle of all human sins. Real magnet for big businessmen, show business stars and other fat cats with their seductive girlfriends. And if fate brought you here, do not miss your chance to quickly and easily get on in people. Uhlestyval for every skirt, never missed a pretty Thumbelina, GONE zhenushek at his unfortunate neighbors, in order to pass for a real Casanova. If you need information, you must do everything to get it: listen, to beg in the good or knock out power. Popularity and respect you need like air - otherwise how are you going to make money even on a modest 12-room apartment with three bathrooms, not to mention a decent penthouse on top of the big city skyscraper? Follow these simple rules: only love yourself, to trust only themselves and do purely for myself - and you'll get something that everyone strives to Apple City: unlimited power!

Game 7 Sins primarily addressed to adults - those who already knew the temptation to small and inevitable human sins. Fully three-dimensional graphics engine able to display the luxury and splendor of the apartment in which you settle your character, as well as all the details and from any angle to show all the evils which he and his guests will indulge.

Like any person, power-hungry and power, your character will not have to sit at home all day: he must at least sometimes it is at work, as well as appearing in the society. For example, a good idea to pay a visit to friends (playing at 7 Sins, you better forget for a while the word "friends") to see how they are doing. At the same time you can still pull off a vending last time the statue or some little thing that is so integrated into the interior of your apartment. Or visit your nearest disco club, in order to invite one of his regular visitors of the home "for a cup of tea" Just do not think that a game character will do everything for you. The player himself will have to persuade opponents pretty blows, or fondle naked beauties, though often not only look.

Tweaking character's appearance will allow you to create a character who, in your opinion, would be worthy of the utmost admiration. You will be proud of his ward, watching as he overcomes game episodes, winning one hot heart for others and gradually stepping over those whose authority was unquestioned until recently. Be bold - and Apple City with all of its inhabitants will be miserable in the end at your feet!

Features
Bring fame and success over the 60 episodes in 7 chapters
20 interactive locations Apple City, inhabited by more than 100 characters
Over 200 items to decorate their own "modest" apartment: you can go to the store and buy another trinket, but you can simply snitch it from a neighbor, looking to visit
Seducing another beauty, you can get not only fun, but also valuable information
Bring fame and success over the 60 episodes in 7 chapters
Flatter, rub in the trust, deception to elicit information, not shun violence - to achieve a goal of all good!

Installation manual
1. Mount image in Alcohol 120%, DEAMON Tools ...
2. Install the game
3. Play and enjoy!

System Requirements
Processor: Intel Pentium 1 GHz
Memory: 128 MB RAM
Video Card: DirectX 9.0c-compatible graphics card with 32 MB VRAM
Space on HDD: 1.3 GB
