Twisted (Tanya Hydes / Harmony Films) [DVDRip]

Starring : Karlie Simon, Lexi Ward, Liza Del Sierra, Rebecca More, Havana Sin, Jasmine Webb, Michelle Moist, Paige Turner Description : Perverted Sex Today is Rife SO Sit back and Enjoy the ride as Tanya Hyde Take you on a Twisted tale Packed full of Cock Hungry Whores with Their eager butts spread wide ready for some action. Take in the Utter filth and the chaos Watch Unfold before your very eyes! Black Beauty Jasmine Webb busty Rebecca Finds More Ready for Action in the gyno chair. First Jasmine gives Rebecca an examination with an array of sex toys juicing up her tight pussy and ripe arse ready to be joined by a stud wearing a rubber clad mask. Jasmine is Fully Armed with a strapon and Rebecca's Ass Gives a hard Pounding in this threesome Mind Blowing! Stunning British babe Paige Turnah Has All Pleasures answered by her well-endowed Omar. He Gives her a mouthful of HIS Mighty Black Cock, Mouth filling her to the brim as she laps up before IT Getting her perfect pussy Dealt with. Gorgeous French scarlet Liza Del Sierra PATROLS the cells to Give her chained up some Prisoners Fetish Punishment. She Shows Them Whose Boss as she sucks on one Cock while Being fucked up the Arse in this threesome Cock Sliding! Sultry Lexi Ward Has slender Beauty Havana Sins Caged up Like a Wild Animal, Lexi sits back and Plays with herself as two masked Studs arrive to give Havana a meaty lunch of pulsating cock before being unleashes to taste Lexi wet clit while being rough fingered. This hot and Heavy foursome Will have you Begging for More! Down in the dungeon British babe Michelle Moist Dressed as a Fine filly Delve into some hot Lesbian Action with Blonde stunner Karlie Simon, she Licks her pussy while Dry Being Watched by a skeleton masked Stud from the dimly lit corner. Karlie soon gets her fix of pulsating cock as her red luscious lips suck hard on his throbbing member before getting her arse probed and licked in this fast paced unforgettable threesome!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=7jc25bzrbe37tz71h5tn.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=e3tdj9495rffhopaus15.jpg