Defiance S01E06 XviD [JKS]
.
Video
XviD
Length: 42:56
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 406
Data rate: 1180kbps
Total bitrate: 1308kbps
Frame rate: 29 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 128kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034303/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defiance_(TV_series) 
Official Site: http://www.defiance.com/en/
.
Defiance is an American science fiction television series developed for television by Rockne S. O'Bannon, Kevin Murphy, and Michael Taylor. The series is produced by Universal Cable Productions, in transmedia collaboration with Trion Worlds, who are producing an MMORPG video game of the same name which will be tied into the series. Defiance stars Grant Bowler as Joshua Nolan, the local lawman in a border town known as Defiance, as well as Julie Benz, who plays the newly appointed mayor of Defiance, Amanda Rosewater. Also starring are Stephanie Leonidas, Jaime Murray, Tony Curran, and Graham Greene.
---
Defiance Season 01 Episode 06
Title: Brothers In Arms  Directed by: Andy Wolk  Written by: David Todd Slavkin & Darren Swimmer  Original air date: May 20, 2013
.
The episode begins with a slightly eccentric looking Castathan man being chased by a human bounty hunter in the marketplace. He uses a crystalline drop blast explosion in an attempt to escape. Before he can, Nolan catches him and arrests him before the human bounty hunter. Nolan recognizes the bounty hunter as Eddie; an old war comrade. They take the Castathan back to the cell. Eddie identifies him as petty ‘pyro freak’ and asks “No man” Nolan permission to sell him to the Earth Republic for prosecution. It is later confirmed by Tommy that the Castathan man is in fact infamous Pol Mads; a weapons designer and inventor of the crystalline drop blasts. Meanwhile, as Doc Yewll examines Mads, he whispers a vague extortive warning that he will reveal details of her involvement in the Pale wars unless she helps him escape. Eddie apologizes for lying but keeps asking Nolan for Mads. Nolan finally refuses after hearing 15 people were injured in the blast. He then attempts to appease Eddie with all the money he has on him. Eddie decides to get drunk and spend the money on a prostitute and meets with Kenya. When Kenya and Eddie are in the room, Kenya realizes she can’t go through with this commitment and makes an excuse to leave. Nolan asks Amanda to release the Castathan to Eddie. Amanda refuses and tells him she made contact with the Earth Republic to negotiate an extradition. Quenten McCawley is still examining the book and artifacts left behind by his brother. Ex-Mayor Nicky spots him. Upon hearing about Nicky’s interest in the book, Quenton’s father, Rafe McCawley tells him that Nicky is dangerous and he should get rid of the book. Amanda and Kenya talk about her relationship with Nolan as well as their past disastrous relationships. Someone drops a yellow chemical blast package for Mads through the vent; which he uses to break out of jail. After finding remnants of the strafing powder, Nolan initially confronts Eddie but then recruits him for help in finding Mads. Amanda seems to know the Earth Republic representative who lets her know that ER will tear Defiance apart looking for him. Mads poisons Datak with a nano tab to coerce Datak to help with his escape. When Nolan interrogates him, he nicely denies any involvement. The law keepers along with Eddie catch Mads and Datak when they are out of the town. Mads reveals to Nolan that ER wants Mads to manufacture weapons, not to charge him for war crimes upon which Nolan shoots him. Eddie gets mad and reminds Nolan that he saved both Noland and Irisa. The ER officials arrive. Nolan was about to confess but Eddie does instead citing that Nolan has a daughter and that he would do the same for him. Eddie gets arrested for his great sacrifice. Meanwhile, mayor Nikki’s associate come into McCawley’s house looking for the book. Quentin catches him and proceeds to kill him, egged by a hallucination of his older brother. Kenya breaks up with Nolan and tells him she doesn’t want to see him again. While Eddie is being transported, he is shown holding a packet of yellow chemical blast. Nolan tells Irisa about her Uncle Eddie; she had seemingly forgotten he saved her life as a child.
