Etta James - 1961 - The Second Time Around (1988)

Born Jamesetta Hawkins, January 25, 1938, Los Angeles, California

The Etta James on The Second Time Around is probably precisely the performer the Chess brothers thought they were signing a little over a year before the record was released. Here was a young veteran singer, barely 23 years old, yet already a 6-year recording vet (her first R&B hit, "The Wallflower," was in "55) who could croon and/or belt R&B ballads, mainstream pop, and teen anthems with the best of them. Leonard and Phil Chess didn't have to be introduced to the word "crossover." (See Chuck Berry.)
Furthermore, using well-honed orchestrations by Riley Hampton as backdrop, her first Chess album, At Last, produced no less than four top 5 R&B hits, three of which cracked the pop top 40. So a second helping of Hampton's musical choreography was culled from four sessions in late 1960 and early to mid-'61, that continued the winning formatΓÇöoldline standards, some modern fare, all with full but spacious orchestrations, with an upbeat blues number on each side to break the mood.
The funny thing was that by sticking to and even honing this formula further, Chess created perhaps the most consistent album of Etta James' early career. The song selection is nearly impeccable, and Etta shows that she did more than just party when knocking around honky tonks while on late '50s/early '60s R&B tours; she had become a saloon singer of the first magnitude. "Fool That I Am," "One For My Baby," and "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" have as much to do with '40s supperclub/bar singing as they do with '60s R&B/pop. "Don't Cry Baby" brings her more into the mainstream R&B fold, and "Plum Nuts" shows off her joyous rocking side. Etta James was in early full bloom as a vocalist.
However, "Don't Cry Baby" was the only track here to crack the top 40 pop and the R&B top 10. "Fool That I Am" hit 14 on the R&B charts, but only 50 on the pop charts. So it's not surprising that the singer's music, for the most part, acquired an added R&B-gospel-blues-edge (a la "Don't Cry Baby") thereafter. Which, of course, was lucky for both us and the performer, as she went on to create such classics as "Something's Got A Hold On Me," "Pushover," and "Tell Mama," all of which firmly secured her reputation as one of the great R&B/blues performers of all time. The Second Time Around, though, gives us a peek at a somewhat softer, yet world-weary 23-year-old Etta James who crooned even more than she roared.
-Andy McKaie

Track list:
1. Don't Cry Baby
2. Fool That I Am
3. One For My Baby
4. In My Diary
5. Seven Day Fool
6. ItΓÇÖs Too Soon To Know
7. Dream
8. IΓÇÖll Dry My Tears
9. Plum Nuts
10. DonΓÇÖt Get Around Much Anymore

No .cue or .log. Checked with Adobe Audition and spectral view looks alright.

Enjoy and share!