The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.

The series is set in the fictional South-Midlands town of Denton, and is marked by a gritty tone. It is believed that Denton is in Oxfordshire, with many references to Reading, Oxford, and in particular, Swindon, especially in the earlier episodes, as the M4 and A417 are often seen, and the map of Swindon was seen in the control room, although a map of Reading was used occasionally. The programme is produced by ITV in Leeds, and most of the outdoor locations are shot in West Yorkshire. Several scenes are filmed in and around the city and district of Wakefield and neighbouring small towns of Pontefract and Castleford, West Yorkshire.[3] The role of Frost was notable in changing the public perception of David Jason from a predominantly comic actor to a dramatic actor.

Season 2

S2, Ep1 - Jan. 9, 1994 - A Minority of One
While Frost is investigating a series of burglaries in a black area of Denton, one of his informants, a single mother, is murdered as Mullett worries about bad press.
 
S2, Ep2 - Jan. 16, 1994 - Widows and Orphans
Frost investigates two serial criminals preying on senior women, a burglar and a serial killer while working with a beautiful new partner.
 
S2, Ep3 - Jan. 23, 1994 - Nothing to Hide
Although DCI Frost is initially advised that a young addict found in a public toilet died by choking on his own vomit, he later learns that he was beaten to death.
 
S2, Ep4 - Jan. 30, 1994 - Stranger in the House
DI Frost has been making no progress in finding a serial rapist in the Denton area, so Mullet assigns WPC Wallace to him to broaden his perspective.

This torrent includes the .xml and .jpg files for the WDTV Live SMP media library feature.