
Release: The Naked Maja [Ava Gardner] (1958) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Naked Maja
Title in Brazil: O Grande Amor de Goya
Uploader: labok
Size: 932 MB
Genre: Adventure / Drama
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 111 mins
Resolução: 640 x 272
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: Spanish
Audio Codec: AC-3  
Taxa de Biltrate: 192 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 5,2 (awaiting 194 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051891/
Directed By: Henry Koster

Starring:  

Ava Gardner ... Maria Cayetana, Duchess of Alba
Anthony Franciosa ... Francisco Jose de Goya
Amedeo Nazzari ... Prime Minister Manuel Godoy
Gino Cervi ... King Carlos IV of Spain
Lea Padovani ... Queen Maria Luisa
Massimo Serato ... Conte Rodrigo Sanchez
Carlo Rizzo ... Juanito
Audrey McDonald ... Anita 
Ivana Kislinger ... Pepa
Renzo Cesana ... Bayeu
Carlo Giustini ... José
Carmen Mora ... Prima Ballerina
Patrick Crean ... Enrique 
Peter Meersman ... Dr. Peral
John Karlsen ... Inquisitor

Synopis:

The slow pacing of this fanciful tale about the life and one reputed love of the Spanish artist Francisco Goya makes for an uneven drama. Anthony Franciosa is the artist, and Ava Gardner plays his paramour, the Duchess of Alba. While the Prime Minister of Spain schemes to betray his country to Napoleon's forces and the Spanish Inquisition is winding to a close (overplayed here) Goya is trying to survive the pangs of love he feels for the aloof Duchess. In reality, the artist was seriously ill during this period -- in the last decade of the 18th century -- and actually went deaf. But reality is set aside for high romance, as the pair of star-crossed lovers take center stage over art and politics. ~ Eleanor Mannikka, Rovi
     
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
O camponês Francisco de Goya torna-se um pintor famoso sob a influência da duquesa de Alba. O século XVIII é uma época de intrigas na corte espanhola. A duquesa de Alba, um monarquista ardente, começou um caso escandaloso com o célebre pintor da corte, Francisco de Goya. Enquanto isso, agentes do rei planejavam trair a nação, facilitando a entrada das tropas de Napoleão ... Este filme é um épico de amor, traição e triunfo artístico, ambientado na revolução espanhola, marcada pelo caos social. Uma obra prima . Indispensável.

