This fills a request for ggaanneesshhaa. Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

Hawk and Dove are fictional characters and a superhero team that appear in comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Steve Ditko and Steve Skeates and first debuting in Showcase No. 75 (June 1968) during the Silver Age of Comic Books, the duo has existed in multiple incarnations over the years. The most prominent incarnations have been the original pairing of teenage brothers, the temperamental and militant Hank Hall (Hawk I) with the well-read and pacifistic Don Hall (Dove I), as well as the current teaming of Hank Hall with Dawn Granger (Dove II), an unrelated young woman who assumes the role of Dove in Hawk and Dove (vol. 2) No. 1 (October 1988) following Don's death in 1985's Crisis on Infinite Earths maxi-series.

The central concept was originally inspired by the emerging political divides of the 1960s (see war hawks and war doves) and revolves around two young heroes with contrasting personalities and diametrically opposed ideologies. With Dove representing reason and nonviolence and Hawk representing force and aggression, they complement one another and find a state of balance in order to effectively combat evil. With Dawn's introduction, it was revealed that Hawk and Dove receive their powers from the Lords of Chaos and Order, respectively, and that their powers are mystic in origin.

------

From Bob Greenberger's online response to Sean Howe's "Marvel Comics - The Untold Story":

"[...] Rob Liefeld was drawing the Hawk & Dove miniseries for DC, as editor Mike Carlin tried to carefully art direct the enthusiastic and artistically limited young man. During this time, Bob Harras blew enough smoke up Rob's ass to lure him to Marvel where any attempt at training and improving him was abandoned.

DC even offered at least one project to Todd McFarlane (who got his start there with Infinity Inc., where he cleverly decorated his pages to hide his drawing flaws) to write when it was clear he wanted to stretch as a creator. It was a movie adaptation, a chance to train him how to write before moving on to big projects, but Marvel just gave him the keys to the Webslinger [1990's Spider-Man #1] and lived to regret it."