Bachelorette (2012) [MICROHD 720p] [DUAL]
 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Bachelorette-Blu-ray/64056/

Format: Matroska
Size: 1.72 GB
Nominal Bitrate: 2,120 Kbs.
Audio: Spanish AC3 5.1, 448 kb / s.
Audio: English AC3 5.1, 256 kb / s.
Subtitles: Spanish
Subtitles: English
Resolution: 1280x528

Original title: Bachelorette
Country: USA
USA release: 07/09/2012
Released in Spain: 04/01/2013
Released on DVD (rental): 08/05/2013
Producer: Gary Sanchez Productions
Directed by Leslye Headland
Writer: Leslye Headland
Starring: Kirsten Dunst, Isla Fisher, Lizzy Caplan, Adam Scott, Rebel Wilson, James Marsden, Paul Corning, Andrew Rannells, Anna Rose Hopkins, Sue Jean Kim, Horatio Sanz, Hayes MacArthur, Kyle Bornheimer, Ann Dowd, Ella Rae Peck
Rating: Not recommended for children under 16 years

Synopsis:
The night before the wedding of an old friend three bridesmaids looking for a bit of fun but find much more than they wanted. With the lovely Becky (Rebel Wilson) about to marry her handsome boyfriend, Dale (Hayes MacArthur), the remaining members of the institute gang gather for a party last single in the Big Apple. Regan (Kirsten Dunst) is super bridesmaid, secretly upset about not being the first to be home while Lena (Lizzy Caplan) is a sarcastic but also a romantic secret, and Katie (Isla Fisher) is a pretty silly to who loves the good life. But when Becky insists that the bachelorette party is light, the girls set up their own party. Things get wild very fast, with the trio touring Manhattan with a wedding dress torn, flying to a dry cleaner and looking for a tailor, plus bachelor smash Dale. That's where Regan meets her ideal partner in the hedonistic Trevor (James Marsden), Katie is pursued by his former classmate, Joe (Kyle Bornheimer) and Gena is attracted to his old love Clyde (Adam Scott). Will they get the girls through the night alive? Can they fix the dress, be with Becky, and get to the ceremony on time? The clock is ticking, but the single is only beginning what will be a memorable weekend that will change their lives.