Yamicsoft Windows 7 Manager

Why Should I use Windows 7 Manager?

Windows 7 is the newest Operating System for home users and professionals alike. Windows 7 brings clarity to your world, so you can more safely and easily accomplish everyday tasks and instantly find what you want on your PC.

Windows 7 Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak and optimize your Windows 7, it bundles more than 30 different utilities in one and help your system faster and more stable, secure and personal!

Features and Benefits of Windows 7 Manager

Information

Get detailed system and all hardware information on your system; help you find out the installation key of Windows, Office products; show all detailed information of running processes and threads on your machine; Windows 7 Manager offers 1-clicking cleans your system automatically.

Optimizer
Tweak your system to improve windows startup and shutdown speed; tweak your hardware to increase system speed and performance; Optimize Task Schedule to turn off unnecessary system tasks.

Cleaner
Find out which files or folders engross your disk space and shown with chart; Find and clean junk files to increase Hard Disk space; Duplicate Files Finder can scan your computer for files with the same size, name and modification time; Registry Cleaner can easily checks your registry and repair incorrectly linked registry entries, automatically remove invalid entries; Registry Defrag rebuilds and re-indexs your registry to reduce application response time and registry access time.

Customization
Control what is started on Windows startup; tune up Windows 7 boot menu; edit context menus of mouse Right-Clicking; customize system desktop, menus, toolbar and notifications settings; automatically change your desktop wallpaper on background.

Security
You can improve desktop, menus, Windows logon securities, and enable numerous hidden performance options of system, disable system updates and error reports; hide and restrict to access drives, specify which applications are not allowed to be executed on your computer; encrypt/decrypt and shred files, change the location of system folders; Privacy Protector can maintain your personal privacy by eliminating the tracks that you leave behind; create lots of randomization password once.

Network
Optimize your Internet connection speed, manage all shares items; tweak your Internet Explorer easily.

Misc. Utilities
Show the collection of Windows utilities; split and merge any file.

Windows 7 Manager 4.2.3 Released!
Smart Uninstaller updated to v3.7
Live Update updated to v2.6
IE Manager updated to v4.0, add the support for Internet Explorer 10.0
Junk File Cleaner updated to v4.1
Registry Cleaner updated to v5.8
JumpList Quick Launcher updated to v4.9
Add some tweaks
Task Scheduler Manager updated to v3.5
Context Menu Manager updated to v4.0

Supported Operating Systems

Microsoft Windows 7.

Other Requirements

50MB disk space.

Homepage: http://www.yamicsoft.com/index.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use Keygen to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.