Six Sigma for Everyone

Author: George Eckes
File size: 1.35 MB
ISBN: 0471281565, 9780471281566
Publisher: Wiley & Sons
Year: 2003
Subjects: business and economics, quality control, management, leadership
Pages: 124

A practical, straightforward guide to Six Sigma for employees in organizations contemplating or implementing Six Sigma.

A user-friendly guide to the basics of Six Sigma.

From noted Six Sigma consultant and author George Eckes, Six Sigma for Everyone explains a practical guide that explains the underpinnings of the revolutionary quality assurance methodology, offers in-depth examples, and outlines the impact and desired end result of implementation. 

Whereas, most Six Sigma books are written for executives and practitioners of Six Sigma and tend to be overly technical or strategically focused, this book is written specifically for employees of organizations thinking about or already attempting implementation.

Appropriate for employees and top management alike, this book is the only one you need if your company is currently implementing or contemplating Six Sigma. It tells you what Six Sigma is and is not, what it does and how it does it, and what your role likely will be in the implementation process. 

Eckes uses straightforward definitions and in-depth examples to outline the processes, impact, and desired end result of implementation-eliminating the confusion and fear many feel when first introduced to Six Sigma. If you need to understand the basics, then this is the book for you. Topics include:
* The origins and history of Six Sigma
* Business Process Management: Six Sigma as management philosophy
* Individual and team tactics
* The ten basic tools each team member needs to succeed
* How you and your organization must change to make Six Sigma work 

About author:
George Eckes (Superior, CO) is founder, President, and CEO of Eckes & Associates, Inc., a Colorado-based consulting group specializing in results driven by continuous improvement, Six Sigma training and implementation, organizational development, and change management. 

Among his clients in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Mexico are Volvo Trucks North America, Honeywell, Wells Fargo, and General Electric. He is also the author of Six Sigma Team Dynamics (Wiley: 0-471-22277-1), Making Six Sigma Last (Wiley: 0-471-41548-0), and The Six Sigma Revolution (Wiley: 0-471-38822-X).

Contents:
Chapter 1. Why Has My Company Adopted Six Sigma? What Can Six Sigma Do for You?
Chapter 2. The Strategic Component of Six Sigma
Chapter 3. The Tactics of Six Sigma Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, and Control
Chapter 4. 10 Technical Tools to Master While on a Six Sigma Team
Chapter 5. 10 "Soft" Tools You Will Need on a Six Sigma Team
Chapter 6. 10 Common Questions about Six Sigma
APPENDIX - Process Capability and Sigma Conversion Table
