                       PART  506



           STEVIE WONDER  -  Master Blaster (Jammin)  (1980)
           STEVIE WONDER  -  Happy Birthday   (1981)
           STEVIE WONDER  -  Part-Time Lover  (1985)
           STEVIE WONDER  -  So What the Fuss  (2005)




       "Master Blaster (Jammin)" is a 1980 single by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder from his 1980 album "Hotter than July". It was a major hit, spending seven weeks at number one on the Billboard R&B singles chart, reaching number five on Billboard's pop singles chart in the fall of 1980 and peaking at number two on the UK Singles chart. The song, built on a heavy reggae feel, is an ode to reggae legend Bob Marley; Wonder had been performing with Marley a few times in concerts (and actually billed him as an opening act) on his US tour in the fall of that year. Lyrics mention Marley, joining as "children of Jah", and the end of the civil war in Zimbabwe.
     "Happy Birthday" is a 1981 single written, produced, and performed by Stevie Wonder for the Motown label. Wonder, a social activist, was one of the main figures in the campaign to have the birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr. become a national holiday, and created this single to make the cause known. Besides being released as a single, the song also appears on Wonder's album "Hotter Than July". Although the single failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100, it charted on the R&B chart, and it became one of Wonder's biggest hits in the UK, reaching No.2 in the charts in August 1981
     "Part-Time Lover" is a 1985 single by Stevie Wonder, from his album "In Square Circle". The song reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100, R&B, dance and adult contemporary charts. The song's simultaneous chart success made him the first artist to score a number-one hit on four different Billboard charts. The song also reached number three on the UK singles chart. The song also featured R&B crooner Luther Vandross humming at the end of Stevie's verses and on backing vocals. Stevie Wonder earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance in 1986, for the song.
     "So What the Fuss" is a song from Stevie Wonder's 2005 album A Time to Love. The single, which features Prince and the original four members of En Vogue, became a minor hit on the Billboard Hot 100 and went top 40 on Billboard's R&B chart.