Hardy Bucks Series 1 [RTE Ireland] PDTV Xvid

Filmed in Swinford, Co Mayo, Hardy Bucks follows the lives of four lazy but like able lads from the fictional Castletown.

Hardy Bucks explores life in small town Ireland for a group of 20 something slacker lads and their attempts to find the craic wherever that may be. Despite the economic down turn, life in Castletown, Co Mayo hasn't changed much for 20 something Eddie Durkan. When things start to go belly up his friends Buzz, French Toast and Boo are there to give him advice and help him find the craic despite local drug dealer The Viper always trying to get one over on him.

Hardy Bucks is an Irish series of web-based comedy short films written by Chris Tordoff and Martin
Maloney. The series won the 2009 Storyland competition held by Irish national broadcaster, RTÉ.

From a total of 122 applications to participate in the competition, nine projects were commissioned to make one episode each. These episodes were released in March 2009. With all nine projects on the website, the public could vote for their favourite and at the end of every month the shows with the smallest response would be ‘voted off’, leaving the remaining teams to make the next episode with the same €8000 budget per episode.[1] The show has been likened to the Trailer Park Boys, a Canadian mockumentary, with Tordoff citing the show as an influence. To date, ten webisodes have been released amongst several short compilations of outtakes. The cast have performed live shows in The Academy, Dublin, the Róisín Dubh in Galway and Trinity Rooms in Limerick. As of March 2010, total hits for the videos produced have exceeded 3 million.

Episode 1 The Skyline

Episode 2 Zambez1 Nites

Episode 3 King of the town

Thanks to original cappers/rippers, If your looking for more irish stuff check out sharingirish.com or my other torrents on TPB, stay away from the other private irish site previously known as CT, its run by a right muppet who renames other peoples files to put them into his pay only VIP section and never credits the original cappers, most of the stuff on his site is either sourced elsewhere from sites like sharingirish or ripped from RTE player in the lowest quality! I should know, i used to moderate there until i realised what was going on, so stay away from there and help keep irish torrents FREE forever! :D