#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-14-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Roger Tolces, Michael F. Bell, Jaimal Yogis

Private investigator specializing in electronic counter-measures Roger Tolces was joined by Michael F. Bell to discuss the unbelievable story of how Bell was tracked and tortured by a covert organization via implants and microwave harassment. Bell said the episodes began in 2005 when he started noticing small but noticeable damages in his apartment, as well as an unusual amount of car horns honking at him, and oncoming traffic flashing their lights at him as he drove during the day. By conducting Internet searches on his "symptoms" he began to realize that he was the victim of what he called "organized stalking."

Eventually the episodes escalated, culminating with an abduction from his apartment, where he believes he was drugged with scopolamine which has powerful hallucinogenic and amnesia-related properties. The abductors, who wore carnival masks, continued to drug him over a one-week period, and subjected him to mind control experiments, like in A Clockwork Orange, in which he was forced to view violent films and images. Bell said his dreams were infiltrated by the stalkers, and he suffered burns on his body from a directed energy microwave weapon. He also discovered a number of implants on his body, and had one of them removed-- a bead-like object, about half the size of a BB.

Bell, who estimated that some 100,000 people in the US are being harassed in this fashion, concluded that the perpetrators are part of a covert or black ops government program, but has no idea why he was targeted. Tolces has dealt with 3,000 to 4,000 such cases, and has characterized the technology involved as a kind of weapons system development. Their goal is probably to determine what kind of manipulations are successful, he continued, whether turning someone into a Manchurian Candidate, or to silence individuals so they won't speak out against the government. In aiding his clients, Tolces has developed types of electrostatic shielding that can protect people from directed energy.
Confronting Fears

First hour guest, journalist Jaimal Yogis talked about confronting and understanding fear. There are ways to have fun overcoming fear, such as extreme athletes who've embraced certain fears, and even used them as a performance enhancer, he said. We live in a world where we're constantly bombarded by threats played up in the media. But Yogis advocates recognizing the threats that are relevant to a person in the now, so they can act on them, rather than living in a state of anxiety. Our brains are trained to focus on the negative (one of the neuroscientists he spoke with said that brains are like Teflon for positive experiences, and Velcro for negative ones), but we can retrain them to look at situations realistically rather than negatively, he pointed out. For more, check out a trailer for Yogis' book, The Fear Project.

News segment guests: Dr. Sky, Kelly Sweeney, John Lott, Rob Katz & D. Hoffman
Website(s):

    bugsweeps.com
    invisiblecrime.com
    fearproject.net

Book(s):

    The Invisible Crime
    The Fear Project

