Dragon's Lair 3 (DVD Game)                            Rel. 2004



Format:           DVD9 NTSC-USA
Discs:            1
Image:            .DVD/ISO
Genre.:           Action/FMV
Rating:           Everyone
Requirements:     A DVD Player, Windows Media Player,
                  or a PS2/Xbox.



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Release Notes - This is the Standard Remastered DVD-ROM Game
                From Digital Lesiure. This Version DVD Game
                is in DVD9 Format, so you'll have to use
                your good choice of DVD9 Dual layer media
                to burn with. You can play on your dvd
                player with remote, or on a Playstation 2,
                and XBox. If you can't get a burned copy
                to work on a ps2 or xbox you can still
                play this on a dvd player or computer.



Game Description:


Dirk's All-New Adventure.  Dirk the daring. The brave yet rumbling knight.
Is ready to venture back into the lair in this all-new adventure!
The evil wizard mordroc has again kidnapped the fair princess daphne
and you are her only hope. Save the princess, defeat mordroc, and watch
out for the treachery that lies at every step!

You will need razor sharp reflexes to triumph in the Dragon's Lair.
Within the deceiving hallways of an enchanted castle. Princess Daphne
calls out for your help. Lead on Brave Adventurer...
Your Quest Awaits.


Features:

* Relive the Arcade Experience with this All-New Adventure.

* New, State-of-The Art graphics with toon shading technology.

* All the Excitement of the original with New levels, and
  Characters.

* 5 New Bonus Scenes, Playable after defeating the Evil
  Wizard.

* 43 Levels and 9 exciting boss battles await you!

* Art Gallery with never before seen images from Don Bluth
  Studio.

* Includes the complete Christopher Stone Dragon's Lair
  Soundtrack.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected DVD Dual Layer media.


If using DVD Decrypter make sure layer break is set to 2052464 as
DVD Decrypter doesn't recognize .DVD Type files.


You can also mount the Image and play on your computers
dvd player software.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!					