Artist: Matthew and The Atlas
Release: To The North
Discogs: 4080314
Released: 2010-04-12
Label: Communion Records
Catalog#: COMM002
Format: CD, Single
Country: UK
Style: Folk, World, & Country, Folk

Tracklisting:

01. I Will Remain (3:26)
02. Within The Rose (3:52)
03. Veins Of Your History (3:16)
04. In Winter (3:46)


Following the hype and riding the wave of the indie folk revival comes Matthew Hegarty of Matthew and the Atlas. After a slot supporting Mumford & Sons, he is in good hands at Communion Records if Mumford’s phenomenal success is anything to go by. With a voice best described by Ben Lovett of Mumford as a ‘UK cross between Bon Iver and Ray LaMontagne’, this newcomer is quickly gaining a following with his earthy sounding voice and pared down folk style. Matthew’s husky voice is a perfect match for banjos, hand claps and drumming, with his sweet melodies swathed in the delicate backup vocals of fellow folk artist Lindsay West. 

The opening song on the EP ‘I Will Remain’ is an awakening folk anthem, with the energy of Mumford & Sons, but with a little more depth and soul than the foursome. This is probably the standout on the EP, whilst ‘Veins In Your History’ with its old blues sound and Matthew singing ‘Oh my love, you’re not alone’ is just stunning. ‘In The Winter’ is slow and gentle, with a thunderous reprisal at the end. Finishing off the EP as if finishing off an album (we hope one is in the works), but essentially leaving us wanting more from the singer. 

Whilst Bon Iver was beautifully sad, the subject matter was almost nauseating. Matthew and the Atlas is all at once world-weary and soulful with a sense of hopefulness about the music, rather than depression.

Matthew’s songs are stories, emotional and with the honesty that some of his folk compatriots lack. I would almost hate to see Matthew and The Atlas become as commercially successful as some of his peers, bur rather that he stay the best kept secret. The kind of singer you tell your friends about and sneak off to see whilst everyone is looking the other way.