Artist: Phil Lee
Release: So Long, It's Been Good To Know You
Discogs: another not on discogs
Released: 2009
Label:   Palookaville
Catalog#: PAL08
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: USA
Style: rock, country, folk, americana

1	25 Mexicans 
2	Sonny George 
3	Neon Tombstone 
4	Let There Be Love, Tonight 
5	Just Because 
6	Last Year, Pt. 2 (Killing Time) 
7	Miller's Mill Pond 
8	Lovers Everywhere 
9	We Cannot Be Friends Anymore 
10	Taterbug Rag 
11	Where a Rat's Lips Have Touched 
12	So Long, It's Been Good To Know You 
13	I Hope Love Always Knows Your Name 

The most important thing to know about 'So Long...' is that it's one of those rare albums where every track shines, thirteen songs of varying style and consistent excellence, each with something to latch on to and relish. The title track, of course, is the old Woody Guthrie song, performed with sly good humour; there's the traditional song, Miller's Pond; love songs that are loving, bitter and blue and social commentary of the highest order. The standout track is 'Sonny George', a country ballad on a tragic theme with a big tune and glorious resonator guitar; flirting knowingly with cheesiness but falling comfortably on the right side. 'Let There Be Love Tonight', another gloriously irresistible tune, has you checking that it's not a Bob Dylan (early 70's version) song that you've overlooked. Phil Lee and his producer Richard Bennett (ΓÇ£Dire StraightsΓÇ¥ Neil DiamondΓÇ¥ Notorious Cherry BombsΓÇ¥ ) know this, too, and tease you with everything from his vocal style to the organ sound. It put a big smile on my face and who cares how close to pastiche it is? Dylan's done it to enough people, after all. In fact, there's references all over this album to musical heroes, including a Phil Lee as Tom Petty photo on the back cover, and I love it all, it's done with such affection and panache. Playing and production is shared amongst a bunch of familiar Nashville Good Guys, George Bradfute to the fore. The relaxed, joyful playing is recognisable from the work of Paul Burch and the WPA Ballclub. Paul Burch is a guest player on this record but George Bradfute seems to be the major common factor, so three cheers for George with Mr Bennett providing Guitars of course.

I can't really recommend 'So Long...' highly enough. It sounds like an old friend when you first put it on and as time goes on, it just becomes an even better loved old friend.