International Sweethearts of Rhythm- America's Hottest All-Girl Band (2012)
An anthology of films about women in jazz by Gretta  Schiller and Andrea Weiss

compiled restored and released by Jezebel productions (www.jezebel.org)

Title One

International Sweethearts Of Rhythm- America's Hottest All Girl Band (1986)
Runtime 30 minutes

" From the Piney Woods School in the Mississippi Delta to the Apollo Theater in Harlem, New York City, this toe-tapping music film tells the story of the swinging, multi-racial all-women jazz band of the 1940s. A 16 piece band with a strong brass section, heavy percussion, and a deep rhythmic sense, the Sweethearts were not just a novelty but featured many of the best female musicians of the day.  Starring Anna Mae Winburn, Ernestine “Tiny” Davis, Vi Burnside, Roz Cron, Evelyn McGee Stone, Helen Jones, Helen Saine, and Pauline Brady, of whom drummer Panama Francis says, “She played drums like a man!”

Produced and directed by Greta Schiller and Andrea Weiss.  Produced in association with Channel 4 (UK)"


Title Two

Tiny and Ruby- Hell-Divin' Women (1987)
Runtime 28 minutes


"  Profiling legendary jazz trumpeter Tiny Davis and her partner of over 40 years, drummer-pianist Ruby Lucas, Tiny & Ruby: Hell Divin’ Women weaves together rare jazz recordings, live performances, vintage photographs, and narrative poetry by Cheryl Clarke.

Tiny’s contribution to jazz history is documented in an informal, intimate style in which the 78-year-old demonstrates that her chops and humor are both quite intact.

Produced and directed by Greta Schiller and Andrea Weiss. Produced in association with Channel 4 (UK)."



Title Three

Maxine Sullivan: Love To Be In Love (1988)
Runtime 47 minutes

"  Maxine Sullivan: Love to Be In Love is a lyrical film portrait of the once famous, and now, largely forgotten jazz vocalist Maxine Sullivan. Sullivan won fame in the 1930s with swing renditions of traditional songs like “Loch Lomond” and “Annie Laurie.”

By the late 1930s she became one of the foremost women in jazz.  A black, female vocalist in America, she inspired young musicians like Ella Fitzgerald. Film footage, vintage photographs, reminiscences by other jazz luminaries, as well as Sullivan’s wonderfully seductive music are used to tell her story and document her place in jazz history.  Featuring interviews with pianist Marian McPartland of NPR’s Piano Jazz and tenor saxophonist Scott Hamilton (Blue Note Records)."


Extras included in this torrent


Item four

Director's Q & A with Gretta Schiller and Andrea Weiss (2006)
 recorded at The Film Society of Lincoln Center


Bonus material:  the interview with Roz Cron who performed with
The International Sweethearts of Rhythm as heard on NPR's program Riverwalk Jazz

Runtime 59 minutes

This torrent is a way for interested persons to get the dvd material from Jezebel
for their libraries.  The Jezebel site also includes teaching materials and other
audio visual material on The Sweethearts and The Kit McClure Band which is currently
performing who include a Sweethearts tribute.

  

Other References:

Kit McClure who has her own all woman band has made a tribute cd to The Sweethearts
which can be seen here:  


An illustrated book for young readers with a bibliographical index is also available:


   These references are provided for your acquisitions at your own libraries for the next generation of women musicians.


   Notes and torrent compiled February 6th, 2013



