Manhunt-Duology Repack R G Revenants

Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 3rd Person / Stealth 
Developer: Rockstar North 
Publisher: Rockstar Games 
Publication Type: RePack 
Game Version: 1.00.0000 
Language:  English / Russian 
Sound language: English 
Crack: Razor1911 

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7; 
Processor: Intel Pentium III or AMD Athlon processor with a clock frequency of 1 GHz; 
Memory: 192 MB; 
Video: NVIDIA GeForce2 with 32 MB memory, compatible with DirectX 8.1; 
Sound device: compatible with DirectX; 
Hard disk space: 1.9 GB 


You wake up in panic, deafened by his own breath.  You must run, hide, survive.  These are bloody and brutal rule of the game.  America is full of bleak industrial towns, where there is permissiveness.  In solitary confinement City appreciates only the thrill of the most powerful of them - playing with human life.  Her victim could be anyone.  At this time no luck James ...


Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer: Rockstar London, Rockstar Toronto & Rockstar North 
Publisher: Rockstar Games 
Publication Type: RePack 
Game Version: 1.00.0000 
Language: English / Russian 
Sound language: English 
Crack: RELOADED 


Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7; 
Processor: Intel Pentium IV processor with a clock speed of 1.8 GHz or AMD Athlon 64 2600 +; 
Memory: 512 MB ??(XP) / 1 GB (Vista); 
Video: Video device with 128 MB memory, compatible with Direct X 9.0 and Shader 2.0; 
Sound device: compatible with DirectX; 
Hard disk space: 3,7 GB; 



PC-version of the second part of the bloody thriller - one of the most controversial games in the history of the global entertainment industry. 
In the secret laboratory tests occurred fatal error that led to catastrophic consequences.  Of all the participants failed experiment survived two patients - Daniel Lamb and Leo Kasper.  Now, "Pickman Project" will stop at nothing to destroy the witnesses and to hide the truth about what happened. 
The last six years have you been in a psychiatric hospital.  Opening his eyes, you see a person in a white coat.  His body slowly settles to the floor.  From your trembling hands falls bloody syringe.  What's going on?  How are you here?  Who are you? Doors are open.  This is your only chance.  Once upon a time you were denied the right to life.  It's time to get it back. 


REPACK FEATURES

Manhunt:

Do not recoded / not cut 
Sewn fix for Vista / 7 
Installation time ~ 3 minutes 

Manhunt 2:

Do not recoded / not cut 
Installation time ~ 10 minutes 

Repacked by RG Revenants 
