Hose.Monster.5.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON

Starring : Cayenne Klein, Sophie Lynx, Cherry Kiss 

Sexy, skinny Cayenne Klein, a motel barmaid in short shorts and red fishnets, loves making the customers feel at home. The slender blonde meets director David Perry in a warm bathtub for a private sex session. Cayenne sucks his big rod and gets her sweet cunt drilled on the bathroom tiles. Soon they're joined by two additional well-hung guests; the dudes surround this insatiable slut, thrusting their throbbing dicks between Cayenne's talented lips. The Blonde Beauty Gets Invaded thoroughly as Three Huge Cocks stretch her ΓÇïΓÇïMouth, Pussy and asshole, and her Cayenne Gets Pretty Face splattered with cum. Brunette Lingerie model Sophie Lynx, A glamorous vision in sheer stockings and Black High heels, masturbates with A Dildo to prepare her holes for a filthy encounter with three throbbing cocks. Soon her well-hung dates, Steve Holmes, Choky Ice and Totti, show up to simultaneously stuff their meat into Sophie's flawless body. She rides these boys like a champ, taking all cummers. Steve slaps her small, natural boobs while Sophie grinds her rectum on his dick. After A Wild Anal Session of fucking, Brutal Ass-to-Mouth cocksucking, asshole gaping and double-Penetration, sweet Sophie Multiple slurps down, messy loads of hot semen. Soft, glamorous Blonde teen Cherry Kiss Young is the wife of wealthy Steve Holmes . While some plumbers are working in their house, Cherry struts around in a tiny thong and high-heeled pumps, flaunting her perfect, all-natural body. She masturbates in the sauna, inviting her big-dicked husband to fuck her. Cherry wraps her sweet lips around Steve's massive schlong. Soon the horny laborers join in; they all surround Cherry for some ruthless face fucking, butt-pounding anal action and hot double-penetration. After a marathon four-man gang bang, Cherry's pretty face gets splattered in a sloppy, spermy climax.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=eefd0l2tysomznmtkdo3.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=n5b7aw094i1jjmxnphfw.jpg