KooLoader Plus

Kooloader Plus is a versatile and wide-ranging download manager and FTP Explorer with powerful download acceleration capabilities, supporting multiple downloads, resuming interrupted downloads, downloading from sites such as YouTube, RapidShare and including many other features. The program’s functionality responds primarily to a downloader’s need for speed, simplicity and ease of use.

It comes ‘equipped’ with advanced features including queue management and allows you great liberty in setting the download configuration. Kooloader Plus is an open source software that works with Windows platform and is compatible with Microsoft .Net FrameWork 3.5.

To use the program one needs no special technical skills: just specify the URL for the video you want to download and hit the Ok button. Of course, depending on how experienced you are you can fully benefit of the functionality Kooloader Plus offers.

This software is totally clean and includes NO adware or spyware! 

Here are the main features of Kooloader Plus:

Offers multiple simultaneous downloads;
Offers direct and indirect HTTP downloads, HTTP redirects, FTP download;
Resumes interrupted/failed HTTP and FTP downloads;
Offers details log for downloads and FTP explorer;
Offers support for both HTTP 1.0 and HTTP 1.1.;
Operates with multiple queue definition files;
Allows configuration for HTTP;
Hosts manager that lets users store credentials for various sites;
Offers download prioritization – users can choose to favor one download in the bandwidth over others;
Offers bandwidth management capabilities;
Offers FTP explorer history;
Intuitive, user-friendly interface;
Can be minimized to tray feature.

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.kooloader.com/kooloader-plus.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.