Netwalk Enterprise Edition

AthTek NetWalk concentrates on enterprise network management.It enables the enterprise owner or the network administrator to monitor traffic throughout the network, and gives a graphical real-time collection of data which the network adapter is accessing, including all the different websites/host address, ports, trends, etc. AthTek NetWalk is expert in packet sniffing. It works together with Wireshark and WinPcap, and has achieved better performance in packet sniffing and network analysis. 

AthTek NetWalk supports almost all protocols,including those unnamed ones. It also perfectly support IPv6, which only a few network monitoring tools can deal with.

AthTek NetWalk can be used as network intrusion detection system (NIDS). It allows users to set up the alerts to trigger events such as sending an email or text, running programs, etc. If there were doubtful network communication on your network, simply set up a filter in event manage to identify it, even to block it from accessing.

Network Monitoring:

Most of people are being pressured to see more of the usage, performance hurdles, and security risks across their networks. Especially for the enterprise network, it contains huge business data which should be protected seriously. Network monitoring is becoming increasingly important at all place and all times. A well designed network monitoring system helps to boost network performance, security, and compliance. It guarantees network and application performance and easily packet sniffing to get communication details. Network monitoring also enables the ability of intrusion detection on your network. AthTek NetWalk should be a best choice for business network monitoring. It monitors the network traffic by packet sniffing, and generates graphical representations by communication details via protocols.

Network Traffic Analyzing:

AthTek NetWalk is a super network analyzer for network administrators. It monitors the real-time data traffic on the network, and leads them to the professional analyzer to generate network traffic analyzing charts. Multi-protocols enables you to know every detail about your network within different layers, including Application Layer, Transport Layer and Physical Layer. It is good at packet sniffing and enables analyze the real-time packet by built-in Wireshark. All the captured traffic data can be saved as trace files for further use. And by using the Matrix Map, you can see all the connections directly.

Intrusion Detection:

Network intrusion detection is a type of security management system for networks. An intrusion detection system integrates and analyzes data from various areas within a network to identify possible security risk, which includes both intrusions from outside and misuse of local area network. Intrusion detection monitors the entire network and kicks intrusion out by packet sniffing. AthTek NetWalk can help network administrators conveniently build up the intrusion detection system to assure your network security.

System Requirements:

OS: Microsoft® Windows 2003/2008/XP (SP2 or later), Vista, Windows 7 & 8
Processor: 2GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM: 512MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk: 2GB space for installation
Graphics Card: Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.athtek.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register application with any name/key.
- Done, Enjoy

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.