
Sean Michael's Daddy Knows Best #2

"I always make sure all my students follow tha rules!" -Professor Sean Michaels

Porn icon Sean Michaels is a veteran performer, but in recent years the suave black stud has carved out a special niche as a director, producing sexy vignettes that push social taboos in the most exciting ways. Sean Michaels' Daddy Knows Best 2, presented by the Buttman Choice line of fetishy specialty videos, features Sean and his huge cock filling the interracial void in the lives of four gorgeous females who crave an authority figure to guide them. These wayward girls can only be truly satisfied by a strong Daddy who understands their most shameful desires. First, Sean thoroughly enjoys a private session, tutoring stunningly voluptuous Latina Rose Monroe. Rose shows Sean her enormous, tanned ass, then wraps her lips around Daddys giant shaft and slides his member deep in her tender rectum. After pumping the foxy slut in every hole, he spurts his load all over her face and boobs. Next, pale, petite, bespectacled sweetheart Penny Pax masturbates by the pool waiting for her Daddy to arrive. When he does, the bikini-clad cutie takes on her first-ever black cock in a nasty anal and oral lesson that leaves her face covered in hot jizz. Tiny, soft-spoken Jennifer Anderson can barely fit Seans massive meat inside her tight pussy, and super-busty Asian tart Mia Rider gets her juicy cunt and plump butt completely stuffed with black dick. Personal tutor Sean never lacks beautiful students in need of his style of encouragement. Their parents may not get it, but Daddy always does!

    Scene 1. Rose Monroe XXX, Sean Michaels
    Scene 2. Penny Pax, Sean Michaels
    Scene 3. Jennifer Anderson, Sean Michaels
    Scene 4. Mia Rider, Sean Michaels

Length 2 hrs. 29 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Sep 20 2012
Production Year 2012
Studio  Evil Angel

Actresses:
    Jennifer Anderson [Facial IR]
    Mia Rider [Anal Facial Bald IR]
    Penny Pax [Anal Facial Bald A2M IR]
    Rose Monroe XXX (as Rose Monroe) [Anal Facial IR]

Actors:
    Sean Michaels

Body of Review: Sean Michaels has stood the test of time in porn as both a performer and a director, currently releasing various titles at Evil Angel. His latest movie is called Daddy Knows Best 2, the black stallion giving the hot beef injection to the youthful ladies under his control. The four lengthy scenes were staffed by cuties such as Penny Pax, Rose Monroe, Jennifer Anderson, and Mia Rider; each capable of draining the balls dry of lesser men. The company website described the show like this: ΓÇ£Porn icon Sean Michaels is a veteran performer, but in recent years the suave black stud has carved out a special niche as a director, producing sexy vignettes that push social taboos in the most exciting ways. "Daddy Knows Best 2," presented by the Buttman Choice line of fetishy specialty videos, features Sean and his huge cock filling the interracial void in the lives of four gorgeous females who crave an authority figure to guide them. These wayward girls can only be truly satisfied by a strong Daddy who understands their most shameful desires. First, Sean thoroughly enjoys a private session, tutoring stunningly voluptuous Latina Rose Monroe. Rose shows Sean her enormous, tanned ass, then wraps her lips around Daddy's giant shaft and slides his member deep in her tender rectum. After pumping the foxy slut in every hole, he spurts his load all over her face and boobs. Next, pale, petite, bespectacled sweetheart Penny Pax masturbates by the pool waiting for her Daddy to arrive. When he does, the bikini-clad cutie takes on her first-ever black cock in a nasty anal and oral lesson that leaves her face covered in hot jizz. Tiny, soft-spoken Jennifer Anderson can barely fit Sean's massive meat inside her tight pussy, and super-busty Asian tart Mia Rider gets her juicy cunt and plump butt completely stuffed with black dick. Personal tutor Sean never lacks beautiful students in need of his style of encouragement. Their parents may not get it, but Daddy always does! Sean Michaels' "Daddy Knows Best 2" is a single-disc DVD with behind-the-scenes footage, cumshot recap, photo gallery, cast list, filmographies and trailers.ΓÇ¥ HereΓÇÖs a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:


Summary: Daddy Knows Best 2 by director Sean Michaels for Evil Angel was another strokable set of interracial scenes where the limited vignettes set the stage for the director to engage the ladies in carnal misconduct. The technical values were fair and the extras a nice touch, the single disc package earning a respectable Recommended or better depending on what your personal tastes might be. In short, Daddy Knows Best 2 combined authority figure interracial sex with some heated trysts based on mutual desire, making the movie well worth looking into for those that prefer chemistry over brute force or trash talk (as so many titles in the IR field rely on these days) so give it a look.

