Because it doesn't take a lot to be the change in someone's life...

Winner - Best Short Film - Maryville Film Festival
 Winner - Best in Genre - Maryville Film Festival
 Winner- Audience Choice Award - Gateway Film Festival 
 Winner - Audience Choice Award - Moonlight Film Festival
 Nominated - Best Female Filmmaker - Short Category - Action on Film Intl Film Festival
 Nominated - Sirroco Award - Action On Film Intl Film Festival

Starring	Robert P Campbell, Laura Strugar, Michael Greenlee Jr, Haley Erickson

Directed By	Sharon Wright

Screenplay By	Sharon Wright

Produced By	Sharon Wright

“Change for a Dollar”, a short film directed by Sharon Wright, is picking up awards and inspiring a “pay it forward” ethos among viewers. An uncouth man sits on the pavement looking for loose change. What kind of change is he looking for? Follow a man as he affects multiple peoples’ lives with just one dollar, proving that it doesn't take much to be the change in someone’s life.

~


Change For a Dollar was offered on YT and others free for all to share. Websites and blogs featured it everywhere. This beautiful little video went viral.  Now it's pay per view (1.99 for 2 days) available only throughSynergyTV | GiftPlayLove which also requires installation of an additional app to view.  Supposedly all the money goes to charity but when have we heard that one before? Administrative cost anyone???

When it was available people shared as holiday wishes, teachers played it for their classrooms and well, people just shared it freely for such a poignant message.

Some comments on fb…change for a dollar but 1.99 to view?  Sharon's reply, she doesn't control price (who does then if it's all about spreading love?) she only controls which charity (but makes no mention of which charity).  There are some charities that I fully support and some I have disfavor towards.  This not only removes my choice that my 'change for 1.99' supports but doesn't even tell me what I am supporting.

That it is only available on FB is also something I have issue with.  Not everyone wants a FB account.  Playing it for classrooms further indoctrinates children to sign right up.

Regardless of the politics involved it is a beautiful little video.  

Shared here in 3 different formats for your viewing AND SHARING pleasure.
