This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - Missing Links, Volume 2 (1990)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51AVP1VY2SL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

All Music Album Review (by Richie Unterberger):

Nineteen rare and unreleased tracks that, like the rest of the Monkees' output, ranges from excellent to insufferable, with plenty of mediocre material between. The highlights are the sprightly pop-rocker "All the King's Horses" (a 1966 Mike Nesmith original) and alternate versions of two of the group's best singles, "Words" and "Valleri." These alternate takes aren't exactly better, but they are definitely different and less elaborately produced. Most of the rest is either lightweight 1966 pop/rock or weedy 1968 Mike Nesmith country-rock tunes that foreshadow his solo work; several cuts are alternate versions of songs that were hardly notable efforts in the first place. An exception is the live 1968 recording of the unusually forceful Nesmith original "Circle Sky," which was featured in their movie Head (although a studio version was substituted on the actual soundtrack album). Odds and ends like an instrumental banjo piece by Peter Tork and a Spanish Christmas carol are pleasant but inessential. A thoughtfully compiled CD, it nonetheless really gives this group more respect than they're due by treating these artifacts with such importance.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/missing-links-vol-2-r13328

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000032QI

Track List:

01. All The King's Horses
02. Valleri
03. St. Matthew
04. Words
05. Some Of Shelly's Blues
06. I Wanna Be Free
07. If I Ever Get To Saginaw Again
08. Come On In
09. I'll Be Back Up On My Feet
10. Michigan Blackhawk
11. Hold On Girl
12. The Crippled Lion
13. Changes
14. Mr. Webster
15. You Just May Be The One
16. Do Not Ask For Love
17. Circle Sky
18. Seeger's Theme
19. Riu Chiu
