Adina Hoffman and Peter Cole - Sacred Trash: The Lost and Found World of the Cairo Geniza (Schocken Books, 2011).

ISBN: 9780805242584 | 304 pages | EPUB


One May day in 1896, at a dining-room table in Cambridge, England, a meeting took place between a Romanian-born maverick Jewish intellectual and twin learned Presbyterian Scotswomen, who had assembled to inspect several pieces of rag paper and parchment. It was the unlikely start to what would prove a remarkable, continent-hopping, century-crossing saga, and one that in many ways has revolutionized our sense of what it means to lead a Jewish life.
 

In Sacred Trash, MacArthur-winning poet and translator Peter Cole and acclaimed essayist Adina Hoffman tell the story of the retrieval from an Egyptian geniza (or repository for worn-out texts) of the most vital cache of Jewish manuscripts ever discovered. This tale of buried scholarly treasure weaves together unforgettable portraits of Solomon Schechter and the other heroes of this drama with explorations of the medieval documents themselves--letters and poems, wills and marriage contracts, Bibles, money orders, fiery dissenting tracts, fashion-conscious trousseaux lists, prescriptions, petitions, and mysterious magical charms. 

Presenting a panoramic view of nine hundred years of vibrant Mediterranean Judaism, Hoffman and Cole bring modern readers into the heart of this little-known trove, whose contents have rightly been dubbed "the Living Sea Scrolls." Part biography and part meditation on the supreme value the Jewish people has long placed on the written word, Sacred Trash is above all a gripping tale of adventure and redemption.


Reviews

"Beautifully written, learned and lucid, Sacred Trash is a treasure that should not be hidden . . . Exquisitely realized." -- San Francisco Chronicle
 
"A literary jewel whose pages turn like those of a well-paced thriller, but with all the chiseled elegance and flashes of linguistic surprise that we associate with poetry. . . Sacred Trash has made history beautiful and exciting." -- The Nation
 
"Hoffman and Cole unfold this saga with dramatic flair, peppering their narrative with the Geniza's own distinct voices, from the ancient and medieval to the modern and contemporary. Skillfully they embed the drama contained within the old texts with the contemporary dramas of the people handling the texts. . . It is a testament to [them] that they have fleshed out these ghosts, and patiently constructed a vivid, human saga every bit as extraordinary as a miracle." -- Haaretz (Israel)

"Both lively and elevating . . . An extended act of celebration of Cairo's historical Jewish community, their documents, and their documents' 20th-century students . . . wonderfully revived by Hoffman and Cole." -- Anthony Julius, New York Times Book Review
 
"A multi-layered work that provokes admiration and excites the imagination on many levels." -- Moment
 
"Hoffman and Cole's vivid portrayal of the discovery of the ancient Cairo Geniza . . . is equal parts treasure hunt for the sacred and historical, and Herculean rescue of important texts . . . Sacred Trash is a wonderfully accessible and exciting account of ‘numerous heroes, medieval and modern' and their discoveries of artifacts that have transformed our understanding of the interplay between history and religion." -- Boston Globe
 
"The real behind-the-scenes story of the Cairo Geniza and the Western scholars who retrieved and studied it is . . . also a very human story, as Adina Hoffman and Peter Cole show in their charming and unobtrusively erudite new book." -- Jewish Review of Books
