****American film institue (AFI) has published top 10 movies of 20th century.****

Top 10 Sports Movies - The following list includes the top 10 sports movies of all time, according to the American Film Institute, including movies such as Raging Bull, Rocky, and The Pride of the Yankees.

It really took long to convert and get all of these, so if u download please seed, ty.


#10. JERRY MAGUIRE

Jerry Maguire is a man who knows the score. As a top agent at Sports Management International, Jerry is unquestionably master of his universe. Trouble is, Jerry’s mind, mouth and soul are usually on automatic pilot. He’s good at friendship, but (as his numerous ex-girlfriends testify) bad at intimacy. Still, there’s absolutely nothing wrong with Jerry that a sudden dose of failure can’t cure. More at AFI.com

#9. NATIONAL VELVET

In the English coastal village of Sewels in Sussex, twelve-year-old Velvet Brown and her older sisters, Edwina and Malvolia, happily finish their last day of school before summer vacation. While walking home, Velvet meets young drifter Mi Taylor and strikes up a conversation with him. As the horse-crazy girl is talking to Mi, she sees a beautiful, rambunctious gelding being chased by its owner, farmer Ede, and is awestruck. More at AFI.com

#8. BREAKING AWAY

Dave is a recent high school graduate in Bloomington, Indiana, who is caught with his friends coasting between high school and deciding what to do with the rest of their lives. The four friends are snobbishly looked down upon by the college students of the town as “cutters,” since they were born in Bloomington and their parents worked in the local limestone quarries that built the university. More at AFI.com

#7. CADDYSHACK


At an exclusive country club for WASPish snobs, an ambitious young caddy from an overpopulated home eagerly pursues a caddy scholarship in hopes of attending college and, in turn, avoiding a job at the lumber yard. In order to succeed, he must first win the favor of the elitist Judge Smails, then the caddy golf tournament which the good judge sponsors… More at AFI.com

#6. THE HUSTLER

Newly arrived in New York from California is “Fast” Eddie Felson, a brash pool shark who makes his living hustling in billiard parlors around the country. Taking on unwary opponents, he allows them to win until the stakes are high enough; then he makes his killing and leaves town. Eddie has come to New York with his longtime crony and manager, Charlie Burns, to challenge Minnesota Fats, the undisputed champion pool player in the country. For 36 hours the two men battle, and, at first, game after… More at AFI.com

#5. BULL DURHAM


Bull Durham follows the intertwining of three lives brought together by the great American pastime. Crash Davis is a perennial Minor Leaguer assigned to the Durham Bulls, a hapless team with a long tradition of mediocrity. There he tutors a young, dim-witted pitching prodigy, Nuke LaLoosh in the ways of baseball, life, and love. Each strikes up a romance with Annie, the team’s “mascot” who takes it upon herself to sleep with a new player every season…More at AFI.com

#4. HOOSIERS


A hard-luck, unemployed college basketball coach, Norman Dale, gets a chance to coach a small-town Indiana high-school basketball team. Facing resentment from the community and the team itself, Dale manages to inspire his young athletes, leading them to the state championship with the help of the assistant coach Shooter, who happens to be a recovering alcoholic…More at AFI.com

#3. PRIDE OF THE YANKEES

In the 1910s, young Henry Lou Gehrig, the son of German immigrants, yearns to play baseball, but his mother, who is a cook at Columbia University, wants him to become an engineer. Years later, when Lou is enrolled at Columbia, he is popular with other students and excels in all sports, even though he must work as a waiter in his fraternity house. When sports writer Sam Blake observes Lou’s excellence at baseball, he begins to write about him…More at AFI.com

#2. ROCKY

In late November, 1975, Rocky Balboa, a sweet, garrulous, slightly over-the-hill boxer, wins his latest match with more fury than talent. Although he is well-known and well-liked in his South Philadelphia neighborhood, back in his dingy apartment, he has only his turtles to whom he can report his triumph. He then visits the local pet store in the hope of winning over the painfully shy clerk, Adrian Pennino, but she barely responds to his efforts. During his day job Rocky works as a collector for… More at AFI.com

#1 . RAGING BULL

In 1941, at a boxing match in Cleveland, Ohio, pandemonium breaks out when Jake La Motta, an up-and-coming young boxer, loses a decision to Jimmy Reeves, suffering his first loss and igniting a brawl in which audience members are trampled underfoot. Following Jake’s defeat, Salvy Batts, who works for boxing racketeer Tommy Como, informs Jake’s brother and manager Joey that an association with Tommy could advance Jake’s career. Although Joey agrees with Salvy, he observes that his stubborn…More at AFI.com


Turned Down By Kate Upton, Teen Has "Surreal" Prom Date With Supermodel
The Southern California high school student whose high hopes of taking Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Kate Upton to his prom were dashed by a scheduling conflict ended up with another date -- Danish supermodel Nina Agdal.

ALL RIPS ARE 720p.
