Flash Player Pro

Flash Player Pro is a handy flash tool kit designed as Adobe flash player and manager . It has several powerful flash tools: download flash movies from the Internet, preview and browse flash movie, capture flash image and set it as wallpaper, create flash screensaver with ease, make conversion between SWF and EXE flash movies etc. All of these features will help you enhance and extend the using possibility of existing flash files. And with friendly user interface, Flash Player Pro offers you a fantastic animated flash world!

With Flash Player Pro you can:

Download flash movies from the Internet
Browse Adobe flash movies with built-in swf player.
View or play flash movies with built-in player.
View or play movies in full screen model.
Make flash screensaver with a few mouse-click.
Make flash screensaver installer and distribute it with ease.
Capture flash movie image and save it.
Capture flash movie image and set wallpaper.
Build your own favorite folder, and browse flash movies in it.
Make conversion between SWF and EXE flash movies.
Copy or move flash movies to another folder.
Rename flash movies.
Connect with .swf file extension

What's new

April 10th, 2013 Flash Player Pro Version 5.5 released

-Some minor tweaks

System Requirement:

Pentium 166MHz or higher
Windows┬⌐ 98, SE, ME, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, 7 and 8
64 MB of available RAM at least
True Color or Hi-Color display adapter and monitor, with 800x600 (recommended) or higher display mode. Your Flash movie will look their best if you set the display settings to High Color (16-bit) or True Color (24-bit) color resolution

Homepage: http://www.flashplayerpro.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run " Regme" and merge it to system registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
