Ready to start a new garden? Looking forward to enjoying your own organic tomatoes, corn, squash, lettuce, potatoes, green beans, peppers, and more? There's only one problem so far: you've never done this before. If you're a first-time gardener or have more plans than know-how, then read on. This short book will show you all you need to know to start your own organic vegetable garden at home.

Contents include:

Introduction: Getting a Fast Start on a Sustainable Garden

1. Choosing the Best Spot for Your Garden
Sunlight, warmth, soil quality, drainage, vegetables from the shade

2. How to Transform a Lawn or Yard Space
What is lush, green, and beautiful? Grow some veggies in your yard!

3. Planning and Measuring the Beds
Using your space, linear and artistic beds, planning the width and length, pathways

4. Digging Up the Soil with a Sharp Shovel
Sharpening your shovel or spade, how to dig through the sod and till your soil

5. Making Garden Beds and Improving Your Soil
Improving your soil with organic matter, building your soil's health

6. Determining How Much Organic Matter You'll Need
Converting to three dimensions, mixing in soil amendments, forming your beds

7. Testing Your Soil's pH and Fertility
Conducting your own evaluation, getting a professional test, or skipping it

8. Layered Composting
An affordable way to create some rich garden soil, a.k.a. lasagna garden beds

9. Vertical Growing
When space is tight, here are some tips to help you grow vegetables vertically

10. How to Start a Garden on a Patio or Hard Surface
Stone patios, concrete walkways, and hard rooftops are great places for gardens

11. Making Raised Beds (Just About) Anywhere
The most productive way to grow vegetables...almost anywhere!

12. How to Start a Productive Container Garden
You can grow lots of vegetables in any sized space

13. Watering Systems for Lazy Gardeners
If you have a busy life and not enough time to garden, this will help

14. Where to Go From Here
Next comes the fun part, which is covered in VOLUME 2

How do you turn your lawn into a fertile garden bed? How do you start a container garden on your patio? What are the advantages of a raised bed? How do you avoid the simple mistakes that have doomed so many other beginning gardeners?

Most importantly, how can you get the greatest possible production of delicious organic vegetables from your garden?

This short book will show you how to start a new vegetable garden with a minimum investment of time, effort, and expense. You will learn how to grow delicious and nutritious organic vegetables in any sized space, from a large yard to a small area on your balcony, patio, rooftop, driveway, or deck. VOLUME 1 will take you through each step toward creating extremely productive, sustainable garden beds and container gardens. VOLUME 2 will explain how to plant and care for your vegetables, also introducing you to 12 Simple Vegetables You Can Grow at Home. Together, the two volumes in this book are a full guide for beginners who are ready to grow some food at home.

You may wonder how you can spare the time for gardening if you have a job, family, pets, or other obligations. Even if you have a busy life, you will learn how to grow a terrific garden with very little effort.

Your time is precious. This book will help you get off to a fast start with your new garden, which you can create in just a few hours. The techniques described in this book will not only help you get the fastest start possible, but they also are geared towards building a sustainable garden that can keep producing organic vegetables for you year after year. Soon, you will be enjoying a bounty of fresh food from your own backyard, patio, rooftop, or whatever growing space you can spare for some plants!