He, what about John Mayer. Simple, he is without a doubt the worst recorded of the really great artists still performing. Every time when I listen, I can not help thinking: Why is he not using the same techniques like Brett Dennen or Fink for instance. I want to have him close, so we can intimately share and enjoy his gravity (also one of the best songs ever and not even in the top 2000). But there is always a thick blanket covering his sound.

So making a playlist is very hard. Especially when the songs are extremely good and I can not ΓÇô with the quality requirements of Dutch Treat (clear enough) in mind ΓÇô play them publicly. So I just forgot about it.

So why now. Its time for a small celebration (uploaded &gt; 100,000 Indie Playlists). And I for a real celebration you need something special. And John is. But I assure you it hurts when you have to leave out songs like Belief, Perfectly lonely, Waiting On The World To Change, and Vultures. Just to make space for some real live experience.

People say that it does not hurt when you do not know. Maybe you just do not notice it (hurts)ΓÇª. Enjoy (loudness sometimes compensates a lot),

PS

I like to use this opportunity to thank John Mayer for giving me things you (and I) normally hardly even notice (at all) but we do. Its funny we all experience the same feeling while feeling special. Thanks John, Speak For Me.


Dutch Treat - ^B043 Speak For Me (John Mayer)

01 John Mayer - Stop This Train
02 John Mayer - New Deep
03 John Mayer - My Stupid Mouth
04 John Mayer - Your Body Is A Wonderland
05 John Mayer - Fool To Love You
06 John Mayer - Gravity
07 John Mayer - If I Ever Get Around To Living
08 John Mayer - I'm Gonna Find Another You
09 John Mayer - The Heart Of Life
10 John Mayer - No Such Thing
11 John Mayer - Clarity
12 John Mayer - Daughters
13 John Mayer - Do You Know Me
14 John Mayer - Something's Missing
15 John Mayer - Speak For Me
16 John Mayer - Assassin
17 John Mayer - Who Says
18 John Mayer - Come Back To Bed
19 John Mayer - Wheel
20 John Mayer & Taylor Swift - Half Of My Heart
21 John Mayer - Slow Dancing In A Burning Room
22 John Mayer - Born And Raised
23 Alicia Keys & John Mayer - Lesson Learned
24 John Mayer - Neon (A)
25 John Mayer - Not Myself (A)
26 John Mayer - Your Body Is A Wonderland (A)
27 John Mayer - Why Georgia (A)
28 John Mayer - Comfortable (A)
29 John Mayer - Heartbreak Warfare (A)
30 John Mayer - This Will All Make Perfect Sense Someday (A)
31 John Mayer - Free Fallin' (A)
