This fills a request for marvelnerd76. Most of these are the high-quality (1280px) 2010 Marvel digital versions. There are a few that are a bit lower res, but all are over 1000px width.

This is the outstanding series that got me back into reading comics after a few years away (y'know, girls, college, college girls ...) Alongside Ultimate Spider-Man, JLA/Avengers, Straczynski & Romita's Amazing Spider-Man, and a few others, this is probably one of the most important books of the Bill Jemas/Joe Quesada era at Marvel. All credit must go to the original scanners. In this case, Digital-Empire and Digital-Grey Fox. Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB! --STFmaryville

------

From Wikipedia, with numerous corrections/clarifications:

In 2001 Marvel Comics revamped the X-Men monthly series with issue #114. It was renamed New X-Men and given an ambigram logo and a new writer, Grant Morrison. These changes by the newly appointed Marvel Comics editor-in-chief, Joe Quesada, reflected his desire that flagship titles like X-Men should regain some of their former glory, as well as critical acclaim.

Morrison's tenure on the title dealt with Professor X, Cyclops, Wolverine, Phoenix, Beast, Emma Frost and Xorn. While a second squad of X-Men in Uncanny X-Men continued on as undercover super-heroes, Grant Morrison redirected the "New X-Men" to also fulfill the roles of teachers. Additionally, New X-Men artist Frank Quitely redesigned the look of the team, giving them sleek, leather outfits instead of traditional superhero uniforms, for a more contemporary look and feel. (This also evoked the designs of the first X-Men film.)

Some long-lasting changes that occurred during Morrison's run were the secondary mutation of Beast to resemble a lion rather than his former ape-like appearance, Emma Frost's introduction as a team member, recreating the ties between Jean Grey and the Phoenix, and the introductions of Cassandra Nova, Fantomex and Quentin "Kid Omega" Quire. Xavier's school expanded from simply a training center to a legitimate school with dozens of mutant students, a story idea that was first explored in the X-Men film.

The second issue (#115) includes the massacre of over 16 million mutants on the island of Genosha, including Magneto. This set the tone that dominated the rest of Morrison's tenure on the book.

In 2004, the title of the series reverted to X-Men with issue #157 during the "X-Men Reload" event. Later it was renamed a 3rd and final time to X-Men: Legacy.