iDisplay 2.5.1 FiNaL AnDrOiD - SceneDL

Requirements: Android 2.2+

Description:

Turn your Android tablet or phone into additional display for your Mac or Windows computer. Increase your personal productivity by extending your computer screen! Perfect tool for multitaskers, iDisplay lets you use your Android as interactive wireless display to give you more screen real estate.
"That's: brilliant. I mean, I can think of about a billion uses for this." -MobileCrunch
Why choose iDisplay over hardware display?
- Your Android can be your secondary display 
- Works with both Mac and Windows computers 
- Choose between WiFi and USB connection options: whichever is more suitable in any particular situation
- iDisplay lets you interact with your additional display: move objects, draw, control playback 
- Zoom and Pan your desktop right on your Android
- Easily switch between portrait and landscape screen orientations: simply rotate your device and it will adjust automatically 
- Perfectly fits for any Android screen resolution
COMPATIBILITY:
Android OS 2.1 or later
Mac OS X 
iDisplay Desktop application needs to be installed on your Mac. 
iDisplay Desktop is free and can be downloaded anytime at getidisplay.com
iDisplay is compatible with Intel-based Macs running on Mac OS X 10.5 and later.
WINDOWS 
iDisplay Desktop application needs to be installed on your PC. 
iDisplay Desktop is free and can be downloaded anytime at getidisplay.com
iDisplay is compatible with Windows XP (32-bit only), Windows Vista (32- and 64-bit) and Windows 7 (32- and 64-bit), Windows 8. 
Windows 7 Starter Edition is not supported. 
For Windows Vista and Windows 7 "Aero" theme may be disabled when connected to iDisplay and will be re-enabled upon disconnection).
NETWORK CONNECTIVITY 
Your computer and Android must be connected to the same Wi-Fi network.

What's in this version: (Updated : Mar 20, 2013)

- Sound transferring support;
- Correct displaying of the main screen proportions.

This app has no advertisements

More Info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.idisplay.virtualscreen

By:

SceneDL