Django Unchained:
With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.

Cast:
Jamie Foxx as Django Freeman
Christoph Waltz as Dr. King Schultz
Leonardo DiCaprio as "Monsieur" Calvin J. Candie
Kerry Washington as Broomhilda Von Shaft
Samuel L. Jackson as Stephen
Don Johnson as Spencer 'Big Daddy' Bennett
Walton Goggins as Billy Crash
Dennis Christopher as Leonide "Leo" Moguy
James Remar as Butch Pooch / Ace Speck
David Steen as Mr. Stonecipher
Dana Michelle Gourrier as Cora
Nichole Galicia as Sheba
Laura Cayouette as Lara Lee Candie-Fitzwilly
Ato Essandoh as D'Artagnan
Sammi Rotibi as Rodney
Clay Donahue as Fontenot
Escalante Lundy as Big Fred
Miriam F. Glover as Betina
Franco Nero as Amerigo Vessepi

Other roles include James Russo as Dicky Speck, Tom Wopat as U.S. Marshall Gill Tatum,[17] Don Stroud as Sheriff Bill Sharp, Russ Tamblyn as Son of a Gunfighter, Amber Tamblyn as Daughter of a Son of a Gunfighter, Bruce Dern as Old Man Carrucan, M. C. Gainey as Big John Brittle, Cooper Huckabee as Lil Raj Brittle, Doc Duhame as Ellis Brittle, Jonah Hill as Bag Head #2,[19] and Lee Horsley as Sheriff Gus (Snowy Snow). Zoë Bell, Michael Bowen, Robert Carradine, Jake Garber, Ted Neeley, James Parks, and Tom Savini play Candyland trackers,[20] while Michael Parks, John Jarratt, and Quentin Tarantino play The LeQuint Dickey Mining Co. employees.

*****SPOILER ALERT******

In 1858 in the American South several male slaves are being driven by the Speck Brothers, Ace and Dicky. Among the shackled slaves is Django, sold off and separated from his wife, Broomhilda. The Speck brothers are stopped by Dr. King Schultz, a German dentist and, unbeknownst to the brothers, a bounty hunter. Schultz asks to buy one of the slaves, but despite being rebuffed doesn't take no for an answer. He continues to prod and pry, angering the brothers. Tempers soon flare, and Ace, refusing to lower the shotgun leveled at Schultz, is shot dead. As soon as Dicky draws his pistol, Schultz shoots Dicky's horse in the head, the collapsing animal crushing the surviving brother's leg. While Dicky screams in pain in the background, Schultz interrogates Django as to the identity of the Brittle Brothers, and when he finds out that he can identify them, offers Django his freedom in exchange for help tracking them down. Django agrees and the pair toss the shackle keys to the other slaves and depart, with Schultz suggesting the slaves kill their tormentor and witness to gain their freedom. After executing the three Brittles, Django partners with Schultz through the Winter, becoming his apprentice. Upon being questioned by Django as to his motivation, Schultz explains that, being the first person he has ever given freedom to, he feels responsible for Django and is driven to help him in his quest to rescue Broomhilda.

Django, now fully trained, collects his first bounty. The pair travel to Mississippi, and Schultz uncovers the identity of Broomhilda's owner, Calvin Candie, the alternately charming but brutal owner of Candyland, a plantation where slaves are forced to fight to the death in boxing matches called "Mandingo fights". Schultz expects Candie will not entertain offers for Broomhilda if they are forthright with their request, so they devise a ruse whereby they will purchase one of Candie's prized fighters for a "ridiculous offer", obtain Broomhilda as an accessory to the fighter, then disappear before the deal is finalized. Schultz and Django meet Candie at a club in Greenville and submit their offer. His greed tickled, Candie invites them to Candyland. At the plantation, Broomhilda is secretly debriefed on the plan, and during dinner, Schultz moves to the next step by offering to purchase Broomhilda with Candie's fighter.

While everyone is eating and talking, Candie's staunchly loyal senior house slave, Stephen, becomes suspicious of Broomhilda and deduces that Django and Broomhilda know each other and that the sale of the Mandingo fighter is a distraction. Stephen alerts Candie, and an enraged Candie extorts the bounty hunters with Broomhilda's life for the complete bid amount. Schultz yields, and after the money is paid and the paperwork signed, Candie demands a handshake from Schultz to finalize the deal. Schultz, disgusted and mentally tired, kills Candie with a concealed Derringer. In retaliation, Butch Pooch kills Schultz before either Broomhilda or Django can react. A massive battle ensues in the mansion and Django kills many, including Pooch, but is forced to surrender when Broomhilda is taken hostage at gunpoint by Billy Crash.

The next morning, Django, hanging inverted from a rafter completely naked, is kicked awake. Crash approaches with a red-hot knife to castrate him, but Stephen interrupts at the last moment and states that Django has been sold to a mine, where he will be worked to death. En route to the mine, Django dupes his escorts into believing there is a very large bounty on a man back at Candyland and they will get a massive cut if Django is released. The moment the captors free and arm him, he shoots the group, takes their dynamite and rides back to Candyland.

Returning to the plantation, Django releases Broomhilda from her improvised cell. When Candie's mourners return from the funeral, Django reveals himself. In the final shootout, everyone is gunned down save Stephen, who has both knees disabled. Django and Broomhilda watch from a distance as the mansion, filled with dynamite, explodes, then ride off into the night.

In a post-credits scene a group of slaves, who appeared earlier in the film, says "Who was that nigga?"
