Tropico 4 - Steam Special Edition (2011/MULTi5/Steam-Rip by R.G. Origins)
Year: 2011 | PC | Eng/Ger/Fre/Spa/Ita | Developer: Haemimont Games | Publisher: Kalypso Media | 4.92 GB
Genre: Strategy (Manage / Busin. / Real-time) / 3D

The world is changing and Tropico is in step with the times - geographical country's rise and fall, the world market is dominated by new players with new demands and offers, and you, as El Presidente, face a series of new problems. To defeat your opponents, you will need as much support from your people. Your decisions will determine the future of your nation, and more importantly, the size of your off-shore bank account. Tropico 4 expands the gameplay of the previous game with new political additions - for example, more superpowers to negotiate, and the ability to elect ministers for help in controversial political situations. But do not forget to keep your friends close and your enemies even closer! Your political temperament will be thoroughly tested various situations, such as after a disaster people will require you to help rebuild after the antics of Mother Nature.

Release Information:
»Steam Application ID: 57690
"Game Version 1.0.6.345, uploaded on November 26 2012 and is fully compliant downloaded from Steam content licensed version of the game.
"The release includes additional content:
»Modern Times Expansion Pack
»Megalopolis DLC
»Pirate Heaven DLC
»Quick-dry Cement DLC
»Plantador DLC
»Junta Military DLC
»Exclusive island for Steam Special Edition -" Isla Nublar "
"No need for third-party installers and updates. Resume game content completely and packed in a simple installer with little compression.

installation

Typical installation:
1. Install the game by running Setup.exe
2. Copy the contents of the folder Crack in a folder with a game.
3. Play. Language game switches to game settings
Installing the client Steam (only to holders of a license key):
Attention! Before installing the client Steam, the game should already be registered on the account, and the client Steam - closed.
Requires additional registration accounts Kalypso
Automatic installation:
1. Run the file SteamInstallHelper.exe and follow the instructions.
2. play
Manual setting:
1. run Setup.exe
2. Set the game to the client Steam (* folder with the client Steam * steamapps common Tropico 4)
code:
ie way to install the game should look like this: C: Program Files Steam steamapps common Tropico 4
3. Copy the entire contents of the "Depot" in the root folder of the Steam client
4. Play.

Minimum system requirements:
+ Operating system: Windows 7 SP1 / Windows Vista SP2 / Windows XP SP3
+ processor compatible with x86, 1.4 GHz or better
+ RAM: 2 GB
+ Video: compatible with DirectX, 256 MB of available memory or better
+ Sound Card: Sound card compatible with DirectX 9.0
+ Free space on hard disk: 5 GB

Downloaded from http://moviedox.org/games_torrents/218381-tropico-4-steam-special-edition-2011multi5steam-rip-by-rg-origins.html