[NubileFilms] Alexis Crystal (Two Much To Handle / 16.05.13)

Brimming with anticipation to experience her first threesome, Alexis Crystal leads her two lovers Georgio Black and Angelo GodShack by the hand as they enter her apartment. The boys can't keep their hands off of their woman, stroking her body and massaging her tender breasts. Eager to please Alexis, Georgio drops to his knees and pulls her panties off before burying his face in her soft ass and pressing his tongue into her hole.
Those first few frantic moments set the pace as all three lovers chase sensual pleasure. Alexis's shirt is soon discarded so that Georgio can palm her tits and pinch her diamond hard nipples while Alexis eagerly sucks his long hard cock. Meanwhile, Angelo takes his turn eating out his woman's delectable shaved twat.
The two men switch places so that Alexis can wrap her puffy lips around Aneglo's dick while Georgio kisses and shapes her ample ass with his big hands. Alexis's little moans of pleasure spur Georgio to part her creamy thighs and plunge his cock deep into her warm depths. Her moans grow louder and throatier as he pumps in and out of her sheath, muffled by the warm steel of Angelo's cock in her mouth.
Again, the men change places so that Alexis can lick her own essence off of Georgio's cock while Angelo seats himself balls-deep in her tight channel. The intense pleasure of her mouth and twat being filled brings Alexis to a searing orgasm.
This bewitching sexy babe isn't sated for long, though! The trio switches things up with Alexis riding Angelo in reverse cowgirl, and then mounting Georgio cowgirl style. Even as her body is filled with one man's cock, Alexis eagerly licks and sucks at the other so that all three of them ride a sharp edge of pleasure.
Georgio takes Alexis from behind as she teases Angelo with her mouth, bringing her to another climax. Her shivering muscles milk Georgio's dick as he explodes deep in her welcoming pussy. Eager to bring her other lover to climax, Alexis licks and strokes him to a long intense ejaculation into her eager mouth and all over her luscious breasts.

Natural Tits, Blonde, Blowjob, Threesome, Hardcore

Screens:
 
http://www.tinypix.me/viewer.php?file=4vffaaze4n6r5zc.jpg
 
http://www.tinypix.me/viewer.php?file=i5j02clgq2mc952.jpg