MP3 VBR 164-260 includes 500x500 cover 

NOT MY RIP Thanks To Original Uploader


Carry On is a four-CD set, spanning 50 years and includes more than five hours of music and includes a 113 page booklet. Produced by Graham Nash and Joel Bernstein with Stephen Stills, Rhino s anthology spotlights the remarkable scope of stills career with essential recordings, live cuts, new mixes, and 25 previously unreleased tracks.

The tracks unfold mostly in chronological order, and the anthology leads off with its oldest entry: "Travelin " a previously unreleased recording that Stills made at age 17 in Costa Rica (one of the many places he lived growing up in a military family). The youngest track, recorded only a few months ago, features CSN performing "Girl From The North Country" in New York City during a sold-out five-night run at the Beacon Theater that closed the group s acclaimed 2012 world tour.

Carry On, which features a 113-page booklet with rare photos and extensive liner notes by Michael O Hara Garcia, David Bender, and NY Times Best Selling author Daniel Levitin, will be available as a 4-CD boxed set on March 26 from Rhino.

In addition to essential studio and live recordings, Carry On covers new ground with more than an hour s worth of previously unreleased material including "No-Name Jam, " a 1970 recording of Stills in London trading guitar licks with his friend Jimi Hendrix. Other previously unissued highlights include the songs "Welfare Blues" (1984), "Little Miss Bright Eyes" (1973), and "Who Ran Away? " (1968), and early demo versions of "Forty-Nine Reasons" and "The Lee Shore, " and "Black Coral, " a song Stills and Young released as a duo in 1976 the version here features all four members of CSNY. "The Treasure" offers a peek into Stills process originally released in 1973 on Manassas s self-titled debut, this version was recorded by Stills three years earlier with bassist Calvin Samuels and drummer Conrad Isidore during sessions for Stephen Stills 2. 

Carry On also features a number of classic songs newly remixed by Nash and Stanley Tajima Johnston, including "Everydays, " "To A Flame, " "See The Changes, " "4+20" and "Change Partners, " the latter with Jerry Garcia on pedal steel guitar. There is also a newly edited version of Stills performing "Cuba Al Fin" at the Havana Jam in 1979.

Several songs make their CD-debut, including "Uno Mundo, " "War Games" and the single mix of "Love The One You re With. " Stills time on stage is represented as well with a number of previously released performances, including several from his acclaimed 2005 album Man Alive.

The collection boasts new live tracks, including CSN singing "No Tears Left" in 1997 at the Fillmore in San Francisco, and CSNY on stage in 2002 at Madison Square Garden with Memphis Horns Booker T. Jones and Donald "Duck" Dunn covering Otis Redding s "Ole Man Trouble. " Other famous players turn up on Carry On's wealth of material as well, including Herbie Hancock, Eric Clapton, Maynard Ferguson, Ray Baretto, Willie Bobo, and Larry Harlow. (per Amazon)
