
⊳ Description ⊲

30 years young, the prologue to the seminal fantasy adventure board game now available!

The legend begins with a single-player series of adventures designed to invite both veterans and newcomers to explore the land of Talisman. While multiplayer gameplay will be available in upcoming expansions, Talisman Prologue focuses on creating narrative depth through its single-player campaigns. The story unfolds as the player rolls dice to move around the outer, middle, and inner regions of the board. Each space will require the player to draw a card or resolve a special effect, leading your hero to encounter monsters, discover friendly followers, and gather treasure.

A fantastic quest in a world of magic and monsters!


⊳ FEATURES ⊲

• Based on the Talisman board game | true to the original
• Classic board gaming on the move | fun brief sessions anytime, anywhere
• Single player play* | explore the land of Talisman
• 10 classic board game characters | experience Talisman coming to life
• 50 quests to play through | hours of gameplay to enjoy
• Original soundtrack | enjoy the sounds of Talisman
*Multiplayer game is scheduled for release summer 2013

⊳ Reviews ⊲

Hardcore Droid -
"this is a fantastic title that managed to pull off the rare feat of working exactly as advertised." - 4.25/5

SmokinApps -
"Talisman Prologue HD is a truly enjoyable mobile game that takes the classic Talisman board game and breathes new breath into the fantasy board gamegenre. It is easy to pick-up and play, and you’ll definitely find yourself spending hours of your time with your head in your phone or tablet. At only $4.99, it is well worth it for the amount of time you’ll be playing the game."

5/5 - Modojo

"Pretty damn fantastic" - Pocket Tactics

9/10 - Paste magazine

"Game of the Week" - Pocket Gamer

4/5 - Appszoom.com

"Talisman: Prologue is a fine port of the original classic board game" - Android Shock

4/5 An excellent nostalgic romp - Boardgamegeek.com

"The simple fact is, Talisman Prologue might be one of the finest examples of getting exactly what you pay for" - Modojo 5/5 

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nomadgames.talismanprologue
