Experience the ultimate in science-fiction action with the Alien Breed™ Trilogy: three arcade-shooter titles in one fantastic collection, together for the first time. The Alien Breed™ Trilogy resurrects a much revered franchise with an epic narrative, swarms of intelligent alien enemies, high-impact weaponry and rich environments; all implemented with superb technology in a state-of-the-art gaming experience, developed using Epic Games' Unreal® Engine 3. In addition to the thrilling single-player campaign and "Survivor" modes, the games offer relentless, action-packed, two-player online co-operative battle modes.

The thrilling shooter trilogy, all in one collection:

Alien Breed™: Impact is the first explosive chapter in the Alien Breed™ Trilogy, and is an action-packed mix of arcade-shooter, survival-horror and tactical weapons upgrades and customization. The player takes control of Theodore J. Conrad, the heroic engineer on the spaceship Leopold, which has collided with a mysterious ghost ship after dropping out of hyperspace. Conrad must take up arms against the vicious alien invaders that have overwhelmed his ship and fight to save his life.

Alien Breed™ 2: Assault is the second chapter in the Alien Breed™ Trilogy. Continue your fight for survival as Conrad, across the fatally damaged space vessels, armed with destructive new weaponry, against the ongoing ruthless alien assaults, including thrilling new set pieces. Take up the challenge and try to stay alive in the all new "Survivor" modes.

Alien Breed™ 3: Descent is the final explosive chapter in the Alien Breed™ Trilogy. Once again take control of the hero, Conrad, the ship’s Chief Engineer, in his last stand against the savage alien horde. Equipped with powerful new weapons, survive the action-packed third-person action sections, as the horrifying truth surrounding the existence of the Breed is finally uncovered…



CFW 4.30.2.05
Installation: Hard Disk
Game Tested Cfw 4.25/4.30/4.40
NPUB30141
NPUB30335
NPUB30336 