This is the torrent version of the book "No Homo". It is released here with permission of the author. Feel free to distribute it to other trackers and websites but please keep this description intact.


Six young men are sentenced to prison, forced to live in brutal, overcrowded conditions with a group of rough and macho cellmates. This is the story of their incarceration and their struggle to survive in the Brutewood Correctional hierarchy that would exploit each of them in their own way, pushing them into criminal and sexual exploits that they never thought they would agree to. The six inmates include tough gangsta Darren, wisemouthed redneck Marcus, “ex-gay” preacher Rick, popular jock Talab, arrogant thug Victor and charming cholo Pablo, all of whom must learn to trust in each other and themselves in order to cope with the stresses of prison life.

“No Homo” is erotic urban fiction, brimming with hardcore and kink-filled action. It is unique in that, despite its uncompromising and raunchy look at prison sexuality, there is no ‘gay sex’ in the entire book — that is, there is no act in this story whose participants consider themselves to have done something unambiguously gay. It is, however, jam-packed with man-on-man action and all the sexual humiliation that comes with being a straight guy in prison. This is a hard-hitting and gritty look at life behind bars, meant for mature readers only.

This book is the lead work in a series that also contains five prequels, about the characters Kurtis, Thumper. Rico, Cairo and Moxie. They are all available in the Kindle Store for $0.99. This torrent version is being given away for free by its author, so if you like it, please consider buying one or more of these very low-cost prequels as a show of support. You can also by all of them together for only $3.99 in the “No Homo: Omnibus Edition” (in the Kindle Store).

1: Black Muscles and Red Necks by Bubba Marshall (redneck and thug in Deep South)

2: Prison in My Day by Curtis Kingsmith (historical macho gay boxer prison sex)

3: Gang Induction Downlow by Marcus Greene (downlow black thug sex)

4: The Rap Star and the Conjugal Whore (hetero gangbang sex for gay readers)

5: Tats Downlow by Marcus Greene (hardcore black thugs in jail)

"No Homo" and all of its prequels are Open Setting Licensed Eroticature.org works