Anal.Intrusion.Disc1.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON
Anal.Intrusion.Disc2.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON

Cast : Cameron Canada, Casey Calvert, Christie Stevens, Jessica Nyx, Maia Davis (first anal), Mike Adriano, Mya Luanna, Yurizan Beltran 

Maia Davis In Her First Anal Scene! All Anal! All New Scenes! POV +! Prolific porn Performer / Director Mike Adriano is Usually fairly polite and quiet, preferring to let HIS up-close camerawork and sturdy Cock do the talking. But the prospect of hot ass fucking can make anybody a little bit ... intrusive! No problem; the gorgeous butt sluts of Mike's two-disc 'Anal Intrusion' willingly accept Mike's sphincter-stretching rectal incursions, not to mention a variety of sloppy oral indignities and ass-to-mouth perversions. Busty blonde Christie Stevens, an AVN 2013 Best New Starlet nominee, squeezes Mike's shaft between her massive boobs and treats him to a wet, gagging, slobbery blow job before getting her big rump deeply plowed. Curvaceous, Exotic Yurizan Beltran's Plump Ass Gets Stuffed with the Director's throbbing Meat, then splattered with Creamy Jizz. Stunning 22-year-old rookie Casey Calvert, a slender, all-natural brunette, has grown to love getting her ass fucked. ... Full Description Mike inspects her butthole and pussy and uses all her holes to holster his swollen prick. Mike and sultry blonde Cameron Canada join forces to initiate Maia Davis into her first anal scene. She passes the test as both girls eat gaping ass and slurp Mike's boner with a rabid intensity. Finally, thick and stacked Jessica Nyx enjoys a vigorous butt-fuck and a spunky dessert. The DVD also includes a thoroughly rude bonus scene featuring Thai beauty Mya Luanna. There's a time for gentle, delicate persuasion - but when push comes to shove, 'Anal Intrusion' gets the job done!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=kpxhpuu2vq2vt6cpphau.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=gbdnls520ymtwhox77dt.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=8puqiqdqwmzy1jm1h53s.jpg