Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter

Unlimited High Definition Movies at your finger tips on iPhone 5 and iPod touch.

Bigasoft iPhone Video Converter is an easy-to-use video to iPhone converter which can convert almost all video formats for watching movies on iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4 and iPhone 3G/3GS. It can fast convert a broad range of video files like AVI, MPEG, WMV, MOV, RM, RMVB, DivX, ASF, VOB, 3GP, Divx, FLV, WebM, WTV and so on to iPhone video MP4 (MPEG-4, H.264) and MOV with high quality.

The iPhone Movie Converter can also convert iPhone music MP3, WAV, M4A from popular music files like WMA, MP2, OGG, RA, AC3, APE, CAF, FLAC, OGG and CDA. Moreover, the iPhone movie conversion tool can extract audios tracks from music videos, movies and films for listening on your iPhone.

Moreover, the versatile movie to iPhone converter can adjust video effects like video cut, trim, crop, merge, clip and so on to help you enjoy your best-loved films with high video quality.

Key Features:

Design for iPhone fans
iPhone movie converter is special designed for iPhone movie fans to easily watch movies on iPhone, iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, iPhone 3G/3GS/2G. It provides standard definition, stand definition high quality and high definition iPhone video profiles for all types of iPhones.
Watch movie on iPhone
The powerful iPhone Video Converter converts almost all movie, film and music video to iPhone video MP4 with excellent output quality. It supports iPhone 720p (1080*720p), iPhone 1080p (1920*1080), iPhone at 640 by 480 resolution and 720 by 480 resolution.
Support WebM/VP8 decode
It can serve as a WebM/VP8 to iPhone decoder and WebM/VP8 to iPhone converter which can convert WebM/VP8 to iPhone video MP4 and extract music from WebM/VP8 and save as iPhone MP3.
Support all iPhone types
Convert all kinds of movies to iPhone videos which can be watch on iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS and iPhone 3G.
Support video clip
Convert any clip or segment by setting the start point and duration as you like.
Listen music only
It can extracts audio tracks from music videos, movies and films for listening on your iPhone.
Preview before conversion
Preview video files before conversion to adjust the output quality or remove black edge.
Adjust zoom mode
Adjust zoom mode like keep original, full screen, 16:9 or 4:3 to enjoy best-loved films with high video quality.
Batch conversion
Now with batch video conversion, support for convert massive amount of video files at a time.
Easy to use
Incredibly easy to use for novices and pros, Bigasoft iPhone 5 Video Converter brings you all the capabilities to make polished productions.
Pause during conversion
You can suspend the conversion during processing and resume it as you like.
Support multi-language
Support multi-language including English, German, French, Spanish, Japanese, Arabic, and Chinese now.
iPhone 4S Video Converter Compatible with Windows 8, Windows 7
Support all Windows including Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/iphone-video-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.