Part 1: In 2006, a group of friends decided to make a film about filesharing that we would recognise.

There have been a few documentaries by 'old media' crews who don't understand the net and see peer-to-peer organisation as a threat to their livelihoods. They have no reason to represent the filesharing movement positively, and no capacity to represent it lucidly.

We wanted to make a film that would explore this huge popular movement in a way that excited us, engaged us, and most importantly, focussed on what we know to be the positive and optimistic vision many filesharers and artists (they are often one) have for the future of creativity.

Hopefully you'll enjoy the first part of STEAL THIS FILM ('Stockholm, Summer 2006'). It achieves some, but by no means all, of our goals. To continue we need your help. This film is free for you to share, watch on your DVD player or on your iPod, or show in cinemas. But if you like the work we've done and want us to carry on, use our donate link to send us a couple of dollars or euros. We will start making the second part straight away, and release it on www.stealthisfilm.com and on major BitTorrent trackers, when it's done.

The League Of Noble Peers
August 2006

À nous la liberté!
  
http://stealthisfilm.com



Part 2: This is the 720p version of Steal This Film Part II.

For other versions check http://stealthisfilm.com

The League of Noble Peers are delighted, after more than a year, to release Part II of STEAL THIS FILM. In this film, we have tried to go beyond the current discussions around file-sharing to look at what kinds of social change are precipitated by massive changes in our capacity to communicate.  We think the changes wrought by networked, peer distribution are historical on the scale of the printing press and here we try to explain why.

For many of you these argument will be familiar. These are strange times, in which to many of us the battle already seems to have been won. And yet we have to accept that all the time harsh laws are being enacted, lawsuits levied against innocent people, arrests made - all intended to destroy or delay what is an inevitable change in how we look at creative work. We hope STEAL THIS FILM II can be useful in bringing new people into the legions of those prepared to think creatively about the future of distribution, production and creativity.

It has been an exciting and demanding year for us and we really hope you will enjoy the work we have done. It would not have been possible without the the thousands of donations you have given us.

Thank you.
The League Of Noble Peers
December 2007
  
http://stealthisfilm.com	