This fills a request for arrowgreen426. Enjoy and please share with our friends here on TPB!

------

All-Star Squadron takes place on Earth-Two - the home of DC's legendary Justice Society of America - and was one of the books affected most (and I would say most negatively) by the Crisis on Infinite Earths.

All-Star Squadron is the story of what would have happened if President Franklin Roosevelt had asked every American superhero to serve the country during World War II. It was essentially DC's "Justice Society" book between '81 and '87, bridging the gap from the 2nd cancellation of All Star Comics in '78 to the Justice Society of America miniseries in '91.

Trivia time: the Justice Society did not get a series simply named after the team for over 50 years! They started out in All Star Comics, were revived as Justice League guest stars, returned in the 1970s for another year and a half of All Star (during which it became hyphenated (more trivia)), then it was All-Star Squadron, and the mini "America Vs. the Justice Society," and the one-shot "Last Days of the Justice Society," and finally, after 50 years, DC published a Justice Society of America #1 issue!

------

A humorous anecdote: in the 1970s, at least one DC editor refused to let the title All-Star Squadron be used, remarking that teens would shorten it to "A.S.S."  :-D

------

This torrent contains the following:

ALL-STAR SQUADRON 01-67
(1981-1987)

ALL-STAR SQUADRON ANNUAL 01-03
(1982-1984)

and these extra bonuses:

JUSTICE LEAGUE OF AMERICA #193
(special 16-page preview of All-Star Squadron)

DCP Digital Trade of 1982's 5-part "CRISIS ON EARTH-PRIME"
(crossover between Justice League of America and All-Star Squadron)

DC 2000 01-02
(a JSA/JLA miniseries that's rarely seen in torrents)

------

From Comic Vine:

The world of Earth-Two was at war. In a dimension not unlike that of the Justice League on Earth-One, the greatest heroes of the 1940s had banded together to form the Justice Society of America, but even that wasn't enough to battle the Axis Powers plaguing their world. So, at the behest of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, a new, larger team was created to help unite the war-torn country. The massive All-Star Squadron was formed, setting up its headquarters in the Perisphere at the heart of New York's World's Fair.

The creative team of writer Roy Thomas and artist Rich Buckler on "All-Star Squadron" offered readers a nostalgic glimpse back in time, albeit through the slightly distorted lens of Earth-2's history. In this popular series that ran for 67 issues, readers were treated not only to the adventures of the more familiar Justice Society, but also to every other mystery man of the time and dozens of minor heroes from DC's Golden Age, including the speedster Johnny Quick, the patriotic Liberty Belle, power houses Robotman and Commander Steel, and the 1940s versions of Batman and Robin.