The Multi-Fuels Processor (GEET) is an internationally patented technology (Patent US005794601A1) whose inventor is Paul Pantone. This revolutionary system allows the common 4 stroke-engines to run on a water-hydrocarbons mixture. It is able to use all types of fuels (gasoline, diesel, kerosene, crude oils and others derived from hydrocarbons) with its endothermic plasma-reactor. The Multi-Fuels Processor also allows a significant reduction in pollution generated by the gas exhaust by almost 85% compared to a conventional engine. Tests carried out by many industrialists and experimenters have shown that it is even possible to make function an engine equipped by this device with a mixture of hydrocarbons (20%) and water (80%) without any loss in output power. This means a reduction in gasoline consumption by up to 80 percent. Both gasoline and decomposed water (hydrogen and oxygen) are being used as a fuel by this system. This system can be built easily by anyone with conventional tools and materials and at little cost.

The device is composed of three principal parts:

1. The Intake-Exhaust connection systems,
2. The Endothermic Reactor (containing the magnetic rod and the pyrolytic chamber),
3. The Bubbler.

The conventional carburetor and the muffler (and its catalytic system) are not necessary any more after the installation of the device.

Description and basic principles of the endothermic plasma reactor: The heart of the Multi-Fuels Processor (GEET) is a self-inducing plasma-generator or a plasma-reactor based on an endothermic reaction. The endothermic reactor is composed of two coaxial steel cylinders:

- the interior cylinder (threaded at each end), called the pyrolytic chamber (430mm length and 15mm of inner diameter) contains a steel rod of 300mm length and 13mm of diameter (not magnetized before the burning-in). One side of this steel rod is round in order to identify its magnetic polarity after its disassembly. The rod is maintained at the center of the pyrolytic chamber by three small nipples welded at each end. 

- the external cylinder (threaded at each end) is a steel tube of 300mm length and of 26mm inner diameter. 

The two cylinders are placed coaxially with two reducing Ts (shown in the diagram) placed at each end. The bubbler is a tank containing a mixture of water and hydrocarbons (gasoline, diesel, kerosene, crude oils and others derived from hydrocarbons).

The hot gas flow coming from the exhaust of the engine circulates around the outside part of the reactor with a strong kinetic energy, which contributes to rising the temperature of the steel rod (being used as a heat accumulator) contained in the pyrolytic chamber to a very high degree. The gases cross the engine and then flow into the bubbler containing the water-hydrocarbons mixture. The vapor of this mixture is strongly aspired by the vacuum created by the engine intake and is at the same time being pushed by the pressure coming from the exhaust. The kinetic energy of the vapor is increased considerably by the gradual reduction in diameter inside the pyrolytic chamber (by the so called Venturi effect). The combined effect of the high temperature and the increase of kinetic energy results in a thermochemical decomposition (molecular breakdown) of the water-hydrocarbons mixture. This endothermic reactor represents a so called Electro-Plasma-Chemical-unit (EPC) making it possible to create a high-output-fuel coming from the decomposition of water contained in the water-hydrocarbons mixture. This fact is confirmed by the presence of oxygen gas (O2) in significant amounts measured in the nearly smoke free exhaust. The expected heating up of this type of engine is reduced significantly by this method.