MaxiMusic - The Ultimate Oldies Collection

MaxiMusic is a massive MP3 collection containing over ten thousand oldies, alphabetized and divided into bite-size chunks ready for your listening pleasure. The collection is a time capsule that starts with classical tracks from the early nineteenth century, covering all decades up to the twentieth century. If a song was a hit between 1910 - 2000, there is a good chance it is in here. Although most songs are American and British, there are tastes of international music from around the globe. 

This collection belongs to an actual working radio DJ with over 50 years' experience in the music business. He has painstakingly collected these songs from 78 RPM vinyl, reel-to-reel tape, 8-tracks, cassettes, CD's and the early days of MP3. These are used on a weekly request-based radio discotheque show. These songs are quality handpicks that people call in to request airplay: this is not some random jumble of garbage music thrown into a torrent just to rack up seeding credits on a tracker. You will notice some famous artists with only a few songs: he only included what listeners wanted to hear!

This collection contains nearly all the songs from the "Now That's What I Call Music!" compilations released until the year 2000, but this has many rare and hard to find treasures you will find anywhere else on the internet. The artist names in the title of this torrent give a sampling of some the major artists whose hits are in this collection, but there are many more. The tags have been carefully named by the DJ for artist and title. 

To view the songs, use this website's view file names function. The letter of the alphabet and part of the alphabet it contains also noted. Search for the word "MaxiMusic" in this site's search engine. Please seed, check back regularly as new pieces become available, mention this on blogs and websites, and tell your family and friends about this great collection! This collection is very big, so please be patient in the beginning, and remember, the more seeders, the faster your fellow fans can enjoy this gold mine of oldies hits! The total size is about 60GB when the entire collection is downloaded.

(NOTE: The description for each piece of this collection is the same, so you don't have to read this every time.)
