 Ernest F. Haeussler, "Introductory Mathematical Analysis for Business, Economics, and the Life and Social Sciences, International Edition"
2010 | ISBN-10: 0321643887 | 886 pages | scan PDF | 135 MB

This book is ideal for one- or two-semester or two- or three-quarter courses covering topics in college algebra, finite mathematics, and calculus for students in business, economics, and the life and social sciences. Haeussler, Paul, and Wood establish a strong algebraic foundation that sets this text apart from other applied mathematics texts, paving the way for students to solve real-world problems that use calculus. Emphasis on developing algebraic skills is extended to the exercises-including both drill problems and applications. The authors work through examples and explanations with a blend of rigor and accessibility. In addition, they have refined the flow, transitions, organization, and portioning of the content over many editions to optimize manageability for teachers and learning for students. The table of contents covers a wide range of topics efficiently, enabling instructors to tailor their courses to meet student needs. Features Diverse applications both in the exercises and the examples help students see how mathematics is applied to everyday and work-related situations. Many use real-world data to increase their relevance to students' lives. More than 5,000 exercises provide a wide variety of quality problems that are sorted in increasing order of difficulty, starting with basic skills and applications and progressing to increasingly challenging exercises. More than 850 examples are worked out in detail. Many examples include strategies that are specifically designed to guide students through the logistics of the solution before finding the solution. "Now Work" exercises follow every example, suggesting an end-of-section exercise that is similar in style and concept to the example. This gives the student the opportunity to test and confirm their understanding. Answers to the "Now Work" exercises are found in the Answers section in the back of the text.