The individual issues of this digital trade have been posted in the Hitlist Week torrents, but for at least one particular comics reader, I'm posting this... and, time permitting tonight, a related Archaia series...

All credit goes to the original scanner, Bean-Empire!

Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

From Archaia:

The sci-fi classic series returns! September 13th: 1999 – An atomic accident causes the moon to be blown out of orbit and hurled into the unknown, the survivors of the lunar base stationed there launched towards their destiny across the stars. But what of the cataclysm and wanton destruction caused to the Earth in its wake? In an alternate universe where JFK was never assassinated, mankind has already suffered through World War III, unified into a single world government, and built a base on the moon by the year 1999!

------

SPACE: 1999: AFTERSHOCK AND AWE
Original Graphic Novel Hardcover

September 13th: 1999 – An atomic accident causes the moon to be blown out of orbit and hurled into the unknown, the survivors of the lunar base stationed there launched towards their destiny across the stars. But what of the cataclysm and wanton destruction caused to the Earth in its wake?

The story begins in Awe, which adapts the pilot episode of SPACE: 1999 “Breakaway,” as seen through the personal logs of Commander John Koenig and Professor Victor Bergman on Moonbase Alpha — expanded to include both new and unfilmed material, and utilizing the remastered art of comics legend Gray Morrow as a basis for this revolutionary retelling of a sci-fi classic.

This groundbreaking retro-reintroduction to the sci-fi hit series from the early 1970s continues with Aftershock which follows nine lives who are forever changed by the carnage left in the moon’s wake. Told from the point of view of those left behind on a ravaged Earth, Aftershock explores the scientific, environmental, and social political repercussions of a world left with no moon.

Based on the classic science fiction television series SPACE: 1999 – and set in the continuity of the original series, Aftershock and Awe steals a glimpse at an alternate history of mankind, and jump-starts humanity’s eventual destiny far out in space.