With Me in Seattle Series (1-4) by Kristen Proby in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Come Away With Me (With Me in Seattle #1) by Kristen Proby (November 7th 2012)

Being confronted on the beach by a sexy stranger wasn't part of Natalie Conner's plans for a peaceful morning taking photos. And why on earth would he think she's taking pictures of him, anyway? Who is he? One thing’s for sure, he’s hot, and incredibly romantic, feeding Natalie’s wounded soul.

Luke Williams just wants the world to give him a break, so seeing yet another camera aimed at his face has him ready to pounce on the beauty behind the lens. When he finds out she has no idea who he is, he's intrigued and more than a little tempted by her. Natalie has a body made for sex, a sassy mouth and Luke can’t get enough of her, but he’s not ready to tell her who he really his.

Natalie is a no nonsense girl who doesn’t do well with lies and secrets. What will happen to this new relationship when she discovers what Luke’s hiding?

Book 1.5: Under The Mistletoe With Me (With Me in Seattle #1.5) by Kristen Proby (December 13th 2012)

Isaac and Stacy Montgomery have been married for ten years. They have a beautiful new baby girl, Isaac’s construction business is thriving, and Stacy enjoys being a stay at home mom, reviewing sexy romance novels for her blog. With a very large extended family, and the many privileges they enjoy, Stacy will be the first to admit that they are blessed beyond measure.

When suspicious phone calls and text messages begin, Stacy questions Isaac’s faithfulness for the first time in their marriage. She knows that a new baby brings changes into a relationship, but has the stress of parenthood sent Isaac into another woman’s arms, threatening to destroy their marriage?

This With Me In Seattle novella shows us a glimpse into Jules’ brother, Isaac, and his wife Stacy’s lives, introduces us to some new characters, and reminds us of what it means to reconnect with the person you love the most, even if they never left in the first place.

Book 2: Fight With Me (With Me in Seattle #2) by Kristen Proby (January 4th 2013)

Jules Montgomery is too busy and content with her life to worry about a man, especially one Nate McKenna. If growing up with four brothers has taught her anything, she knows to stay away from sexy men with tattoos and motorcycles. That goes double if he's your boss. During the one incredible night they shared, he violated the no fraternization policy...among other things, and it won't happen again. Jules won't risk her career for mind-blowing sex, no matter how much her body and her damn heart keep arguing with her. 

Nate McKenna could give a shit about the no fraternizing policy. He wants Jules and he'll have her. The rules could bend around them, or be damned. He's not a man to be taken lightly, and Jules Montgomery is about to find out just how he responds to being pushed aside after the best night of sex he's ever had. She can fight all she wants, but he'll have her in his bed in the end.

Book 3: Play With Me (With Me in Seattle #3) by Kristen Proby (February 26th 2013)

Will Montgomery is a successful professional football player and seemingly has it all. He’s not used to being told no, and certainly doesn’t take no for an answer. So when he turns his charms on his sister’s sexy rocker-chick friend Meg, he’s not only turned down, but met with open hostility, piquing his curiosity and libido. He’s determined to show her that he’s not the arrogant jock she thinks he is, and to get her into his bed.

Megan McBride is not impressed with Will Montgomery, his fat contract, fancy car, or his arrogant public persona. She doesn’t have time for a relationship, and if she’s learned anything in life, it’s that loving means losing, so she guards her heart ferociously. But she can’t deny the overwhelming attraction to the sexy, tattooed athlete, and when Will starts breaking down her defenses and grabs hold of her heart, will she be able to admit her feelings for him, or will her troubled past cause her to lose the first man she’s ever truly loved?

Book 4: Rock With Me (With Me in Seattle #4) by Kristen Proby (May 2nd 2013)

Front Man Leo Nash from the world-famous rock band, Nash, is the last person on earth Samantha Williams would trust. She's already learned about loving a celebrity the hard way and isn't signing up for another lesson.

Every time Sam gives Leo attitude, he wants to knock that chip off her fragile little shoulder. What the hell did he ever do to her, anyway? He's not used to women treating him like he's poisonous, and he isn't about to let her run away every time he gets close. He's had enough of people running away to last him a lifetime...when this one runs, he gives chase. But, catching Sam isn't as hard as he thought.

The sexual attraction between them is so thick, Sam can practically hold it in her hand. There's no way she can deny herself the promise of pleasure being with Leo would provide. 

But, pleasure always comes with pain and when secrets are revealed and trust is challenged, who will run and who will chase?


Seed and Enjoy!