
Preserve precious videos by burning them into DVD and share these priceless moments with friends and family with Xilisoft DVD Creator. It's the easiest and fastest way to convert popular video formats such as AVI, MPEG, DivX, DV, VOB, WMV or iPhone 4 videos (MOV) to a format that is compatible to play with most portable or home DVD players. Besides burning DVD-format discs, the DVD movie creator also allows you to burn DVD folders and ISO files.

Xilisoft DVD Creator offers templates for creating stylish menus and inserting background picture and music for a more personalized feel. In addition to this, you may also clip video segments, add menu topic and opening film clip, load subtitles and audio tracks to create a more personalized DVD. Fast and easy to use, burn DVD movies with just a few clicks!

Key Features:
• Create DVD Movies
Convert AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, XviD, MP4, DV, VOB, ASF, 3GP, YUV, H.264/AVC, M4V, iPhone 4 videos (MOV) to DVD movie.
• Burn DVD Folder and ISO Files
Create DVD folders and ISO files on disc from multiform videos.
• High Compatibility with Source and Target
Supports popular DVD disc formats (DVD-R, DVD+R, DVD-RW, DVD+RW, DVD+R DL, DVD-R DL, DVD-5 and DVD-9) as target, and popular video formats as source to burn DVD movie.
• Multithread and Multi-Core Processing
Fastest convert and burn speed used to get the job done within moments.
• Create DVD Menu
Attach menus before burning a DVD disc to personalize and customize your discs.
• Menu Templates
A variety of DVD-menu templates are available for you to create a DVD menu for your DVD.
• Personalize Your Menu
Attach background music or picture, menu title or opening film clip to your menu; set a clip from the video and attach it as video thumbnail in your DVD menu to customize your DVD.
• Skip-Menu Play
You may set the DVD to play the video straight away by skipping the DVD menu.
• Clip Your Videos
Clip the segments you want and merge them together for burning.
• Edit Video Effect
Crop video frame size; adjust video image effect, and add picture or text watermark to customize your video.
• Add and Set Audio Tracks
Set and add audio tracks, adjust the volume, audio delay and loop options to burn video files to DVD movie with multiple audio tracks. Supported audio formats: AAC, AIFF, AC3, APE, AU, FLAC, MPA, MP2, MP3, OGG, RA, WAV, WMA, AIF.
• Add and Set Subtitles
Add up to 32 subtitle files (.srt) to your video, and set subtitle language, font and subtitle delay options to create DVD movie with multiple subtitles.
• More Video/Audio Settings
Set more parameters to create the perfect DVD: video/audio quality, bit rate, television standard, aspect ratio, resize mode, channel, sample rate, etc.

Install:
1. Install software
2. Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the program

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.
