                           PART 472


             BJORK  -  Human Behaviour  (1993)
             BJORK  -  Venus as a Boy  (1993)
             BJORK  -  Big Time Sensuality (1993)
             ENIGMA  - The Gravity Of Love  (1999)
             ENIGMA  - Touchness  (2008)
             ZERO  7 - Home  (2004)  



    "Human Behaviour" is Björk's first solo single, taken from the album "Debut" (1993). The song was released in June 1993. "Human Behaviour"  is an alternative song with lyrics reflecting upon human nature and emotion from a non-human animal's point of view. The song and music video were inspired by British broadcaster and naturalist David Attenborough.  Critics praised "Human Behaviour" and deemed it as a highlight of the album. The song was an underground smash, which peaked at number two on the dance charts and reached #36 in the UK Singles Chart. The video, as the song, is a story about the relation between humans and animals, from the animal point of view.

   "Venus as a Boy" was released as the second single from her 1993 album "Debut". The song was written by Björk and was produced by Nellee Hooper, who produced the majority of her debut album. The single was released in August 1993, a month after the release of the album. The song was inspired by a boy who saw everything from a "beauty point of view". The song received mixed reviews from critics, who discussed Björk's musical shift. The song didn't chart well in any nation but managed to enter the UK Singles Chart Top 30.The song was later chosen by fans to be included in her greatest hits album, Greatest Hits and also appeared in her Family Tree Box Set which contained a "greatest hits" disc on which the songs were chosen by Björk.

   "Big Time Sensuality" was released as the fourth single from her 1993 album "Debut". Written by Björk and staple collaborator Nellee Hooper and produced by Hooper, "Big Time Sensuality" is a house-influenced song that helped boost Björk's popularity worldwide, particularly the U.S., where she charted for the first time."Big Time Sensuality" was deemed as a highlight of Debut and was praised by critics."Big Time Sensuality" was nominated in the Best Song category at the 1994 MTV Europe Music Awards, losing to "7 Seconds" by Youssou N'Dour and Neneh Cherry.The iconic video for "Big Time Sensuality" was shot in black and white and features Björk dancing on the back of a moving truck slowly driving through New York City in the middle of the day. Björk appears on a white dress in her typical hairstyle. The video uses film effects like slow motion and fast motion.

   "Gravity of Love" is the title of a song by the musical group Enigma. It was released in November 1999 as the lead single from the album "The Screen Behind the Mirror".The song features guest vocals by Ruth-Ann Boyle of the British band Olive and has samples from Carl Orff's Carmina Burana. The beat in the song originally came from Led Zeppelin's rendition of "When the Levee Breaks", which was also used in the song "Return to Innocence" .In the music video for the song, which is set in the 1930s, a masquerade ball is being held in a mansion, while passion starts to run high for some of the participants. The video was filmed on location in the Villa Wagner I (designed by the famous architect Otto Wagner) in Penzing, a district in Vienna, Austria. The director for the video is Thomas Job.

    "Touchness" is a songs by Enigma , released in 19 September 2008 as a single from the album "Seven Lives Many Faces".After enjoying a huge success on MySpace (with over 400,000 listens in 2 days), several international MTV and VH1 web sites started streaming the album until 22 September.
 Allmusic's James Christopher Monger gave the album only three stars out of five. While he praised the singles "Seven Lives" and "La Puerta del Cielo" calling them "quietly stunning", he found that in most cases "the new age, fortune-cookie derived lyrics... mirror the unimaginative, two-chord melodies that carry them along

   "Home"  is single  taken from the second album "When It Falls" by Zero 7. released on 1 March 2004.The album features vocals Tina Dico (on "Home" and "The Space Between"), among other artists. Zero 7 is a British musical duo consisting of Henry Binns and Sam Hardaker. The group members began their musical careers as studio engineers and in 1997 formed the group Zero 7.The duo's songs have appeared in many films and television shows such as Blue Crush, Raising Helen, Smallville, Roswell, Obsessed, I'm With Lucy), "Give It Away" (Top Gear, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation), "Polaris" (Sex and the City), "Pop Art Blue" "Waterloo Road", "In The Waiting Line" (Garden State, Sex and the City, House and Numb3rs).
