Falling Series (1-2) by Devon Ashley in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 

Falling in Between (Falling #1) by Devon Ashley (February 14th 2012)

Finally! A private conversation. And all I had to do was throw myself off a cliff, drown in a pond in my undies and let him put his hands on my breasts to bring me back to life. Yay me! (yeah, that’s sarcasm) 

Yep, that pretty much sums up the most craptastic night of Jenna Baker’s life. She drowns after jumping off a cliff, meets a hotty named Chance in the pearlescent in-between and is brought back to life by her soon-to-be boyfriend Robert.

Just when things start to move forward with Robert, the guy she'd been crushing on for a year now, in walks the man of her dreams – literally. Chance suddenly appears in her dream every time she closes her eyes. So it's Robert by day and Chance by night. One in the real world and one in the dream world. What could possibly go wrong?

Absolutely nothing – until she comes face to face with the guy she met in the in-between, and realizes her romantic rendezvous with Chance may be more than just her imagination.

Falling Away (Falling #2) by Devon Ashley (February 14th 2013)

"I remember," he said softly. "I remember everything. You. Me. Us."

Jenna’s first two years of community college are almost over and it’s time to decide where to finish her degree. Should she attend Yale to be with Robert, or off to Rutgers, where she really wants to go? As Sophie and Jhett’s engagement is announced, she begins to question if she'll live happily ever after too. Right on cue with her doubts, a familiar boy pops up in her dreams again. But Evan's entrance is as abrupt as his exit, and Jenna’s left worrying about his safety. Concern and curiosity get the best of her and checking up on him puts her within arm’s reach of a man who still adores her, and one unexpected act of indiscretion will turn her world upside down and inside out. 


Seed and Enjoy!