Tiger Lillies - 2013 - Either Or

Morality is Dead. Long Live Pleasure!
Either Or stands out within the extensive Tiger Lillies’ discography for more than one reasons:
It‘s the first out of thirty three Tiger Lillies’ albums without the contribution of original band member Adrian Huge, who for the later half of 2012 has been replaced by drummer Mike Pickering.
It’s one of the weirdest sounding Tiger Lillies’ albums, with multi-instrumentalist David Coulter (The Pogues, Tom Waits, Radiohead, Boy George) enriching Martyn Jacques’ music with his banjo, uke and violin, nose flute, jew’s saw, weeping saws, maracas, ominchord and clackamore.
It’s the only Tiger Lillies album that delves into the world of Philosophy and dares to verbalize its quests in a new, uncompromising language.
The album title quotes Danish philosopher Søren Aabye Kierkegaard’s 1834 Either/Or two volume publication. The songs are mostly inspired by Either’s last section, The Seducer’s Diary. Echoing the voice of Kierkegaard, the Tiger Lillies speak in their own beautifully blasphemous language about a world where pleasure is the highest good and its pursuit is encouraged regardless of means and consequences. The notion of ‘sin’ is put into question and all evil deeds are justified as long as they give meaning to people’s existence.
The idea of Either Or was first introduced to The Tiger Lillies’ singer/songwriter Martyn Jacques by Danish Producer Lars Seeberg in 2008; a very ambitious project from the start, Either Or took a good four years to come together and it wasnt until early 2013 that both the album and the show (a co-production of Odense Teater, Theatre NoDomain and Shanghai Dramatic Arts Centre) were up and running. (tigerlillies.com)

Track list:
01. Blood Alley
02. Boredom
03. Nothing is Sin
04. Innocence
05. Sailor
06. Either Or
07. Gutter
08. No Sense
09. He's so Bad
10. God up in Heaven
11. Depression
12. Love for Sale
13. Tears in the Rain
14. Forget About Us
15. Teardrops
16. Destroy

Credits:
Martyn Jacques : Lead Vocals Piano and Accordion
Adrian Stout : Double Bass , Musical Saw
Mike Pickering : Drums
David Coulter : Jaw harp, Pizz-violin, Tenor Banjo, Violin, saw, Ominchord, Baritone Uke, Clackamore, Nose Flute, Maracas

Enjoy and share! 