 http://imagelink.cz/images/cwnw.jpg






Description: 

Players will step into the shoes of a young man in the year 2014 as he arrives in California to pursue his dreams of road domination and capture the Californian cargo transportation market. 
There are miles of highways to conquer and cities and towns to reach as he becomes the greatest trucker on the highways.
RigΓÇÖn'Roll is a sequel to Hard Truck and Hard Truck 2: King of the Road. 
This time the game world is true-to-life. 
Gamers can race high-powered Semis along thousands miles of real Californian roads, visiting San-Francisco to San Diego, San Jose to Los Angeles. 
RigΓÇÖn'Roll delivers players the ultimate truck driving experience with authentic models of trucks and their interiors, completely new physics and 3D graphics among numerous features. Players will outrun their opponents to deliver cargo on time or take part in truck races to prove their professional skills, giving them the opportunity to improve their rating and authority among other drivers. 
RigΓÇÖn'Roll also gives gamers an opportunity to test their management skills as they establish their own cargo transportation company. 
Players will recruit staff and hire other drivers to work for them as they expand their business and eliminate their competitors from the transportation market.



Features:

13 models of trucks including such legendary brands as Freightliner, Sterling, etc.
Dozens of external restyling and tuning elements for each truck
Over 1,200 miles of in-game roads correspond to more than 12,000 miles of carefully depicted Californian roads, including all major freeways, highways and intersections
40 key Californian cities, including San Diego, San Francisco and Los Angeles
Truck races, cargo delivery, economic simulation and a thrilling storyline
Dynamic night & day cycles, realistic weather conditions including fog, rain and snow
Breathtaking sights of the Pacific coast, snow-covered peaks of Sierra Nevada, the Mojave Desert, the Red Rock Canyon, the San Joaquin Valley, the Redwood National Park, etc.


Genre: Simulation
Publisher: ValuSoft
Developer: SoftLab-Nsk

NOTE:       
                                          
This is the new Gold Edition that includes the main     
Rig'n'Roll game and the Monster Cup addon. It  does      
not include Freight Tycoon bonus game, like the old     
Gold Edition did. Game version is v3.0.5.2726.

1- Unpack, burn or mount                               
2- Install the game                                  
3- Go To Hell!



 
http://imagelink.cz/images/1lel.jpg
 
http://imagelink.cz/images/2vev.jpg