1. Gin, Smoke, Lies	 4:37
2. Before The Devil Knows We're Dead	 3:54
3. Southeastern Son	 3:33
4. Blue Star	 3:23
5. Call A Spade a Spade	 4:36
6. Morgan Street	 3:43
7. Gone Gone Gone	 4:10
8. Good Lord Lorrie	 5:01
9. Empty As A Drum	 3:29
10. Wrecked	 4:59
11. Quit While I'm Ahead	 4:01

A few years back, Turnpike Troubadours took the Texas/Red Dirt scene by storm with their sophomore release Diamonds and Gasoline. It was a slow moving storm fueled by word of mouth and the strongest, most personal collection of songs on one album since Randy Rogers Band’s Rollercoaster. On May 8, Turnpike releases their third record, Goodbye Normal Street.

As with the band’s first two albums, Goodbye Normal Street is anchored by frontman Evan Felker’s songwriting. Felker has cultivated a knack for boiling the most complex human entanglements and emotions into tight tunes full of descriptive lyrics and catchy melodies. Over three albums, along with bassist RC Edwards, Felker has created a distinct musical brand. Turnpike songs have a specific vibe, mood and structure that makes them truly unique.

Their is a darker edge to the songs on this record when compared to the previous two albums. Whether that was intentional or the result of a more hectic lifestyle and touring schedule, is not clear. What one can be certain of is that it’s a welcome new element to the band’s repertoire.

Goodbye Normal Street kicks off with lead single, “Gin, Smoke, Lies”. A rolling banjo paired with a pounding kick drum turns the classic cheating song on its ear. This is no barroom weeper. This is an adrenaline fueled ride through the ruins of a relationship. Followed by Kyle Nix’s rapidfire fiddle breakdowns in “Before the Devil Knows We’re Dead” and it’s quickly apparent that the Turnpike Troubadours have struck musical gold once again.

The intelligent, world weariness found in previous tunes like “1968″ and “The Funeral” show up in “Blue Star” and “Southeastern Son”. And the pace slows down on songs like “Gone, Gone, Gone” and “Wrecked”. It’s classic country heartbreak reformatted into the Turnpike wheelhouse. Jamie Wilson even pops up for a moving duet on “Call a Spade a Spade” and her Emmylou Harris wail is a nice complement to the song and Felker.

As a vocalist, Felker has always been adept at conveying what the song called for, but now he’s added an extra layer of authenticity and believablity to his vocals that makes the listener feel each syllable as if it were their own autobiography. When paired with the beastly and versatile lead guitar playing of Ryan Engleman, it’s a potent mixture.

Goodbye Normal Street solidifies Turnpike Troubadours as the next great band in the Red Dirt canon and ensures that they’re going to be at the top of the heap for a while. They’re producing the type of authentic consistency that fans of Texas/Red Dirt crave and mainstream fans can’t help but fall in love with.