Tuesday, 30 April 2013

Hey baby, Little Steven here, come join us this weekend in the Underground Garage for our celebration of tone and texture - Part 2.

We're gonna explore the coolest distortion ever to make it into The Top 40, who invented the Leslie guitar, crazy Rockabilly riffs and we're all gonna bow down and kiss the Fuzz-Tone.

As we are joined by, of course, The Jimi Hendrix Experience, The Kinks The Electric Flag, Jeff Beck, Brian Setzer and Gene Vincent and The Blue Caps.

Come discover what Ricky Nelson, Bonzo, and The Chiffons have in common.  As we check out the coolest tones and textures in Rock and Roll history. The sounds that make the hairs stand up on your arms. The sounds that make you dance, make you think, make you wanna have sex ΓÇô it's all this weekend in the Underground Garage

I will see you this weekend, in the world's only Rock and Roll dance party on the radio.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Playlist:


Set 1:
(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Rolling Stones)
Musical Bed: Third Stone From The Sun (Jimi Hendrix)            
All Day And All Of The Night (Kinks)
Jumpin' Jack Flash (Rolling Stones)
Hold It Baby (Trashed Romeos)
Born To Be Wild (Steppenwolf)
I Can See For Miles (Who)
Musical Bed: Rumble (Link Wray)

Set 2:
Musical Bed: Peter's Trip (Electric Flag)
I Have A Boyfriend (Chiffons)
Its Only Love (Beatles)
Bubblegum (Baby Woodrose)
Badge (Cream)
Bold As Love (Jimi Hendrix Experience)
Good Times Bad Times (Led Zeppelin)
Musical Bed: 
A. Walk Don't Run (Ventures)
B. Have I The Right (Honeycombs)

Set 3:
Musical Bed: 2120 South Michigan Ave. (Rolling Stones)
Killing Floor (Howlin' Wolf)
Killing Floor (Electric Flag)
Comes and Goes (Connection)
Crosscut Saw (Albert King)
Crossfire (Stevie Ray Vaughn)
Musical Bed: Glad (Traffic)

Set 4:
Musical Bed: Dance On (Shadows)
Some Day Soon (Palmyra Delran)
Musical Bed: That's All Right Mama (Scotty Moore)
Travelin' Man (Ricky Nelson)
Walkin' By Myself (Paul Butterfield Blues Band)
Race With The Devil (Gene Vincent & his Blue Caps)
Twenty Flight Rock (Jeff Beck with Brian Setzer)
Musical Bed: Soul Sacrifice (Santana)

Set 5:
Musical Bed: I'm Branded (Link Wray)
Heart Full Of Soul (Yardbirds)
19th Nervous Breakdown (Rolling Stones)
Start Sinning (John & Brittany)
Psychotic Reaction (Count 5)
Summertime Blues (Blue Cheer)
Foxy Lady (Jimi Hendrix Experience) 
Musical Bed: Apricot Brandy (Rhinoceros)