    genre    adventure / point-and-click / fantasy
    download size    4 GB
    release date    July 31, 2012
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8) and Mac OS X (10.6.8 or newer)
    languages    English, German
    developer / publisher    KING Art / Nordic Games
    game modes    single-player

   Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    5 wallpapers
    4 avatars
    4 artworks

    Travel through a beautifully presented world that is a twisted image of almost every popular fantasy land you’ve visited in games, movies, and books.
    Help a pack of hapless heroes to solve over 150 mind-boggling puzzles and discover more than 300 items that can be used and combined.
    Meet a cast of crazy characters - from two-headed ogres and vegetarian dragons to good-natured zombies.

Overview:

A war is brewing in Aventásia.

During the eternal struggle of the Alliance of Free Races against the Army of Shadows, an aged gremlin archaeologist Mortimer MacGuffin discovers the secret repository that houses a legendary artifact! Knowing that this ancient treasure could turn the tide of war, the Army of Shadows sends their best agents to seize it. At the same time four unlikely heroes from the Alliance are drawn into the crisis: a cute gnome Wilbur, a stunningly attractive wood elf princess Ivo, and a brash pirate Nate with his furry companion, the mysterious Critter.

The Book of Unwritten Tales is a classic point-and-click adventure game with a cornucopia of humorous references. Whether it gently lampoons a particularly popular MMO or the stereotypical fantasy conventions, it’s sure to put a knowing smile on the face of even the most hardened adventurer!

Age requirements: PEGI Rating: 12+

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP SP 3 (32bit) / Vista SP 2 / Windows 7 SP 1, Pentium IV 2 GHz / Athlon 2.4 GHz(3 GHz recommended), 1 GB RAM (Windows XP) | 2 GB RAM (Vista / Windows 7) (4 GB RAM recommended), 6 GB free hard disc space, Direct-X 9.0c compliant video card with 256 MB RAM, PixelShader 2.0 Minimum system requirements (Mac): OS X 10.6.8 or later. Processor: Intel Core Duo 2.4 GHz+, Memory: 1.5 GB of RAM, Hard disk space: 6 GB Graphics: Intel GMA 950 with 256 MB of video memory, Recommended two-button mouse, or Apple mouse with Secondary Button / Secondary Click enabled.

Install and Play.