Artists: Eleni Karaindrou
Title: Concert in Athens
Released: February 2013
Recorded Live November 19, 2010 at Megaron (Hall of The Friends of Music), Athens
Recording Engineer: Nikos Spialidis
Editing/Assistants: Bobby Blazoudakis, Peter de Pian/Alex Aretaios, George Mathioudakis
Mixed and edited March 2012 by Manfred Eicher and Nikos Spialidis
Photos: Haris Akriviadis
Design: Sascha Kleis
Produced by Manfred Eicher
Genre: Classical, Orchestral
Length: 54:30
Label: ECM (New Series 2220)



***Tracks:

01. Requiem for Willy Loman   3:58
02. Eternity Theme   1:58
03. Closed Roads   5:36
04. Waiting   2:07
05. Voyage   2:10
06. Invocation   2:26
07. Tango of Love   1:41
08. Tom’s Theme   1:35
09. Laura’s Waltz   3:22
10. Adagio   3:49
11. After Memory   2:45
12. Farewell Theme   4:27
13. Seeking Theme   2:18
14. Nostalgia Song   2:26
15. Waltz of the Rain   2:44
16. Adagio for Saxophone   2:48
17. Dance   3:54
18. Requiem for Willy Loman, var.   4:14

Total duration: 54:30



Musicians:

Eleni Karaindrou: piano
Kim Kashkashian: violin
Jan Garbarek: tenor saxophone
Vangelis Christopoulos: oboe
Camerata Orchestra
Alexandros Myrat: conductor



***Commentary from http://www.ecmrecords.com/:

Kim Kashkashian: viola; Jan Garbarek: tenor saxophone; Vangelis Christopoulos: oboe; Eleni Karaindrou: piano; Sergiu Nastasa: violin; Renato Ripo: violoncello; Stella Gadedi: flute; Marie-Cécile Boulard: clarinet; Sonia Pisk: bassoon; Vangelis Skouras: french horn; Socratis Anthis: trumpet; Maria Bildea: harp; Dinos Hadjiiordanou: accordion; Aris Dimitriades: mandolin; Camerata Friends of Music Orchestra, conducted by Alexandros Myrat

An exceptional live recording, “Concert In Athens”, the tenth ECM release by Greek composer Eleni Karaindrou, incorporates moving performances by guests Kim Kashkashian and Jan Garbarek. The US violist and the Norwegian saxophonist have each made important contributions to Karaindrou’s music in the past, Garbarek with his playing on the film-score for The Beekeeper (see “Music for Films”) and Kashkashian as the key musical protagonist of “Ulysses’ Gaze”. Themes of both those films are revisited here, amongst much that is new. A primary emphasis is music written for theatre: the wide-reaching emotional scope of pieces for plays by Arthur Miller, Tennesee Williams and Edward Albee provides a wonderful context for bringing the guest musicians into contact with Eleni’s soloists, above all the brilliant oboist Vangelis Christopoulos. Recorded November 2010, with Manfred Eicher as producer, “Concert in Athens” gives us perhaps the fullest picture of Eleni Karaindrou’s compositional creativity to date.


Project:

“Each of my compositions seems to be part of a mosaic which takes on its ultimate form very slowly through the years”, Eleni Karaindrou once said, and the larger picture becomes both clearer and more finely-detailed with each new album. “Concert in Athens” is her tenth release on ECM. It is an exceptional documentation of a performance from 2010, marking a triumphant return to the Athens Concert Hall, the setting for the “Elegy of the Uprooting” shows five years earlier.

A new programme offers new insights, particularly when participating friends include guest soloists Jan Garbarek and Kim Kashkashian, both of whom have made major contributions to the realization of Karaindrou’s work in the past – Garbarek with his evocative playing of the themes for The Beekeeper (reprised on the album “Music for Films”) and Karaindrou as the key musical protagonist of Ulysses’ Gaze. Over the years both artists have periodically returned to join Eleni for special events.

Ulysses’ Gaze and Beekeeper themes are reprised here, along with music from other films of the late Theo Angelopoulos – Dust of Time, Eternity and a Day, Landscape in the Mist and Journey to Cythera, all of them revealing new facets as Kashkashian and Garbarek are featured alongside Eleni’s team of soloists (with oboist Vangelis Christopoloulos especially striking). There is also much here that is new or heard on CD for the first time including compositions originally written for theatre productions directed by Antonis Antypas including Who’s afraid of Virginia Woolf? by Edward Albee, The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams as well as Jules Dassin’s production of Arthur Miller’s Death of a Salesman. The differing demands of the theatre music open up a new emotional range for the soloists to explore.

Eleni: “I sought to share with them memories from past and more recent voyages in the worlds of theatre and poetry. With Jan I plunged deep into the fascination and torment of Arthur Miller, of Edward Albee and Tennessee Williams...” The album opens and closes with Garbarek’s intensely brooding saxophone, accompanied by Karaindrou’s piano and the string orchestra, playing the “Requiem for Willie Loman” from Death of a Salesman. Meanwhile, “Kim’s sturdy and sensitive bow swept us on a journey to Laura’s fragile world in The Glass Menagerie, having first traversed the Closed Roads [one of several newly-arranged pieces of Karaindrou concert music] with all the passion and unmatched internal nobility which distinguish her work.” The scope of the music is further expanded with three charming miniatures inspired by M. Karagatsis’ novel “Number Ten”, and written for the Greek television series of the same name.


Bio:

Eleni Karaindrou was born in the Greek mountain village of Teichio. She studied piano and musical theory at the Athens Hellenic Conservatory, history and archaeology at the University of Athens, and ethnomusicology and orchestration at the Sorbonne and the Scuola Cantorum in Paris.

Since 1975 she has composed music for more than twenty feature films, and for more than 40 theatre plays and numerous television productions. Collaborating most often with Greek directors – above all Theo Angelopoulos, with whom she has had an ongoing creative association since 1983 – she has also worked with Harold Pinter, Chris Marker, Jules Dassin, Margarethe von Trotta and others.

Karaindrou has received numerous awards including the State Music Award (Greece) for her music for “Eternity and a Day”, the Dmitris Mitropoulos Award for her music for theatre (1994-96), and the Fellini Award from Europa Cinema, Italy. In 2002 she received the Golden Cross of the Order of Honor from the Greek president, for her life’s work. In 2004 she was nominated for the European Film Award for her music for “The Weeping Meadow”, which was also Oscar-nominated.

Eleni Karaindrou has been an ECM recording artist since 1991, working closely with producer Manfred Eicher in the adapting of compositions originally written for stage and screen for album release. Her ECM discs include “Music for Films”, “The Suspended Step of the Stork”, “Ulysses’ Gaze”, “Eternity and a Day”, “Trojan Women”, “The Weeping Meadow”, “Elegy of the Uprooting” (released in CD and DVD versions) and “Dust of Time”.


