Sharrie Williams - 2011 - Out Of The Dark

The Princess of Rockin' Gospel Blues as she calls herself, this Sharrie Williams. Originating from the projects of Saginaw, Michigan she was surrounded by blues, jazz and gospel from youth. In 1997 she starts with The Wiseguys as backing band and begins het victory march through the clubs of Chicago all the way to Europe. An oddly she is more popular now in Europe than in her homeland, but maybe this album will make a change. On “Out Of The Dark” she is accompanied by Lars Kuschke (guitar), Marco Franco (bass), Anthony 'Tee' Burns (drums), Pietro Taucher and Sjan Sahm (keyboards). And added are Chris Hermann (trombone) and Michael Skulski (trumpet). Almost all tracks were written by Williams or she is the co-writer and together with Kuschke she has produced the album.
The opener “Can't Nobody” is an oldfashioned lovesong and “City Limit Musicians” complains about musicians who are not willing to travel. The titlesong “Out Of The Dark” is a beautifully sung soulballad and the only cover on this album. “What's Wrong With You” is a nimble shuffle, where next to the serious lyrics the jazzy guitar of Kuschke sticks out. The lyrics refer to an illness she suffered from and describes how her partner dealt with it. The context of “Need More Money” is probably clear. It is a quick jumpblues with a beautiful tearing saxophonesolo in the middle.
In “Although I Sing The Blues” she sings about the life as a singer. A beautiful passionately sung ballad with a placid jazzy backing. A warning to today's youth is the rocking “Prodigal Son”, telling them not to care for booze, drugs and crime. With“Gone Too Long” Sharrie surprises us with a beautiful ballad, describing missing her family when she is on the road. The quick “Gatekeepers” is about the problems she encounters as musician, especially getting her songs heard to the musicindustry.
In “What Kind Of Man” she describes misuse within a relationship. This raw bluesong shows her abilities as a songwriter. And the uptempo, funky “Breakin' Out” shows how you can step out of such a relationsip. In he ballad “Choices” she tells that everyone has a choice, even if it is not an easy one. “My Old Piano” is after the heavy load of the rest of the album just a funny ditty. Remarkable fact is that the piano is played by drummer Burns. With the bluesballad “R.I.P.” the album has come to an end. In this song she sings about the death of bluesgreats like Muddy Waters, James Brown, Koko Taylor and Ruth Brown. The last verse is dedicated to her friend, the deceased singer Robin Rogers. A beautiful song and a stately end of this textually heavy album.
Conclusion
“Out Of The Dark” is a beautiful album by a great singer. And not only is she a grood singer but also a fantastic songwriter, who writes from experience and her own life. The honorary title Princess of Rockin' Gospel Blues is a good choice and this is precisely what we get to hear. (bluesforum)

Track list:
01 - Can't Nobody
02 - City Limit Musicians
03 - Out of the Dark
04 - Whats Wrong With You
05 - Need More Money
06 - Although I Sing the Blues
07 - Prodigal Son
08 - Gone Too Long
09 - Gatekeepers
10 - What Kind of Man
11 - Breakin' Out
12 - Choices
13 - My Old Piano
14 - R.I.P

Enjoy and share! 