Frank Zappa - 2009 - Philly '76

Another in the ongoing series of releases drawn from Frank Zappa's extensive archives of live recordings, Philly '76 contains a concert held at the Spectrum in Philadelphia on October 29, 1976. This period in Zappa's career is otherwise documented by the album Zoot Allures, which actually was released on that day, and by Zappa in New York, drawn from shows recorded two months later. But the lineup of Zappa's band is not exactly the same as that on either of those albums. The core unit is identical, with Ray White on rhythm guitar, former Roxy Music member Eddie Jobson on keyboards and violin, Patrick O'Hearn on bass, and Terry Bozzio on drums. But a key addition is Bianca Odin on vocals and keyboards. Odin contributes liner notes to the album, noting that, when she received a call from Zappa's management to come in and audition for the band, she had never heard of him. She was, she says, "two steps past the conservative community -- the Holy Rollers." Not surprisingly, "At first I had trouble with the lyrics," she admits, "but after I got used to them, the music fit my style to a T." It must have, since Odin throws herself into her singing, even helping Zappa replicate some of the salacious groupie banter previously heard during the Flo & Eddie days of the Mothers, such as "What Kind of Girl Do You Think We Are?" Nor would the Holy Rollers think much of her participation on "Chrissy Puked Twice" (aka "Titties & Beer"), Zappa's version of the Faust legend, in which the Devil reconsiders accepting the soul of a lustful and thirsty American teenage boy. But Odin is also a powerful and soulful singer, as she proves in a slow arrangement of the old Mothers of Invention song "You Didn't Try to Call Me." Zappa is unabashed about promoting his new record, playing its selections "Wind Up Workin' in a Gas Station," "Black Napkins," and "The Torture Never Stops" before announcing in the encore that "Find Her Finer" is about to be released as a single and playing that, too. Typically, however, he also introduces previously unreleased material including yet another X-rated number, "Honey, Don't You Want a Man Like Me?," which would turn up on Zappa in New York, as well as "Tryin' to Grow a Chin" and "City of Tiny Lites," not to be heard on LP until 1979's Sheik Yerbouti. Fans of his extended guitar solos will find plenty to enjoy in mid-set, as a largely instrumental section consisting of "Black Napkins" and "Advance Romance" takes up more than half-an-hour (about a quarter of the show as a whole); Jobson's violin and O'Hearn's bass also get extended showcases here. Of course, along with the smutty humor and superior playing, Zappa's affection for old-time rock & roll comes out, too, as he plays the old Jay Hawks hit "Stranded in the Jungle" in the encore. Thus, this well-recorded concert (captured by a mobile studio employing 16-track board) contains most of the elements Zappa fans love, and when they hear it, they are likely to wish Bianca Odin had spent more time in the band. (AllMusic)

Track list:
CD 1
01 - The Purple Lagoon
02 - Stink-foot
03 - The Poodle Lecture
04 - Dirty Love
05 - Wind Up Workin' In A Gas Station
06 - Tryin' To Grow A Chin
07 - The Torture Never Stops
08 - City Of Tiny Lites
09 - You Didn't Try To Call Me
10 - Manx Need Women
11 - Chrissy Puked Twice
CD 1
01 - Black Napkins
02 - Advance Romance
03 - Honey, Don't You Want A Man Like Me
04 - Rudy Wants To Buy Yez A Drink
05 - Would You Go All The Way
06 - Daddy, Daddy, Daddy
07 - What Kind Of Girl Do You Think We Are
08 - Dinah-Moe Humm
09 - Stranded In The Jungle
10 - Find Her Finer
11 - Camarillo Brillo
12 - Muffin Man

Credits:
Art Direction, Other [Concept], Liner Notes [Text] – Gail Zappa
Bass, Vocals – Patrick O'Hearn
Design [Design Renderment], Layout – Michael Mesker
Drums, Vocals – Terry Bozzio
Guitar, Vocals – Frank Zappa
Keyboards, Violin – Eddie Jobson
Liner Notes – Bianca Odin*
Management [Production Management] – Melanie Starks
Mixed By, Mastered By – Frank Filipetti
Photography By – Alan Smithee (9), John Rudiak
Photography By [Restoration] – Michael Mesker
Producer [Cd] – Gail Zappa, Joe Travers
Research [Vaultmeisterment For Umrk] – Joe Travers
Vocals, Keyboards – Bianca Odin*
Vocals, Rhythm Guitar, Cowbell – Ray White
Written-By – Frank Zappa (tracks: 1-1 to 2-8, 2-10 to 2-12)

Enjoy and share! 