"In an age of inspirational books without inspiration, her writing is unmatched for surprising, sometimes shocking, spiritual insight."--New York Times 

"Almost too important to be included in one's list of preferred reading for one year only."--T. S. Eliot

Amazon.com Review

Simone Weil - Waiting for God (HarperPerennial, 1951). 227 pages.

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination and metadata, etc.

**okay, Mertonoia, here it is!**


Simone Weil is an outsider's saint. The daughter of an agnostic French family of Jewish descent, Weil was never baptized ("God does not want me in the Church," she wrote), and her conversion to Christianity at the age of 23 took her by surprise. Until then, she had been a solemn, committed leftist intellectual. Now she was moving toward a life of divine encounters whose desolate ecstasy, as described by the journals, letters, and essays excerpted in Waiting for God, bear comparison to St. John of the Cross and Teresa of Avila. As Leslie Fiedler writes in her introduction to Weil's book, "She speaks of the problems of belief in the vocabulary of the unbeliever, of the doctrines of the Church in the words of the unchurched." The book is most notable for Weil's lengthy letter titled "Spiritual Autobiography" and for her "Meditation on the Pater Noster," which is the discursive record of a spiritual process that led to her almost daily attainment of a mystical vision of God. This is not pretty writing; it is an agonized record of amazement. --Michael Joseph Gross

Review

"Almost too important to be included in one's list of preferred reading for one year only." -- T. S. Eliot

"By now Simone Weil has become a legend and her writings are regarded as a classic document of our period." -- The New Yorker

"In an age of inspirational books without inspiration, her writing is unmatched for surprising, sometimes shocking, spiritual insight." -- New York Times

"Madameoiselle Weil is the most truly spiritual writer of this century." -- Andre Gide

"One of the most neglected resources of our century." -- Adrienne Rich


more Simone Weil here:
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/8274066
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/8265536
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7285416