Joseph Frank - Dostoevsky: A Writer in His Time (Princeton University Press, 2012).

ISBN: 9780691155999 | 984 pages | PDF


Joseph Frank's award-winning, five-volume Dostoevsky is widely recognized as the best biography of the writer in any language -- and one of the greatest literary biographies of the past half-century. Now Frank's monumental, 2500-page work has been skillfully abridged and condensed in this single, highly readable volume with a new preface by the author.

Carefully preserving the original work's acclaimed narrative style and combination of biography, intellectual history, and literary criticism, Dostoevsky: A Writer in His Time illuminates the writer's works -- from his first novel Poor Folk to Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov -- by setting them in their personal, historical, and above all ideological context. More than a biography in the usual sense, this is a cultural history of nineteenth-century Russia, providing both a rich picture of the world in which Dostoevsky lived and a major reinterpretation of his life and work.

The five volumes of this Dostoevsky biography, published between 1976 and 2002, won a National Book Critics Circle Award, a Los Angeles Times book prize, two James Russell Lowell Prizes, two Christian Gauss Awards, and other honors. In 2008, the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies awarded Joseph Frank its highest honor.


Reviews

"A monumental achievement. . . This is not a literary biography in the usual sense of the term. . . . It is, rather, an exhaustive history of Dostoyevsky's mind, an encyclopedic account of the author as major novelist and thinker, essayist and editor, journalist and polemicist. . . . Wrought with tireless love and boundless ingenuity, it . . . [is] a multifaceted tribute from an erudite and penetrating cultural critic to one of the great masters of 19th-century fiction." -- Michael Scammell, New York Times Book Review

"It is unquestionably the fullest, most nuanced and evenhanded -- not to mention the most informative -- account of its subject in any language, and it has significantly changed our understanding of both the man and his work." -- Donald Fanger, Los Angeles Times Book Review

"In his aim of elucidating the setting within which Dostoevsky wrote -- personal on the one hand, social, historical, cultural, literary, and philosophical on the other -- Frank has succeeded triumphantly." -- J. M. Coetzee, New York Review of Books

"Dostoevsky: A Writer in His Time thus immediately becomes the essential one-volume commentary on the intellectual dynamics and artistry of this great novelist's impassioned, idea-driven fiction. . . . To understand Dostoevsky's often savage satire or nightmarish visions or just the conversations among the Karamazov brothers, one needs to grasp not only the text but also the ideological context. To both of these there is no better guide than Joseph Frank." -- Michael Dirda, Wall Street Journal

"Magnificent. . . . A deeply absorbing account." -- James Wood, New Republic
