T..E..A..M ...D..V..T

P R E S E N T S

Apowersoft Streaming Video Recorder v4.2.5
Incl.KeyMaker

Released on 02/14/13 for exclusive usage by
members of the release scene. This isnt something
to share with your school mates and not for sale.
Go and ask mommy to buy this app if you like it!

Company ..: Apowersoft
Url ......: http://www.apowersoft.com

Release Information

Apowersoft Streaming Video Recorder is a great
assistant for recording video streams, TV Shows and
online movies from thousands of video sites, such
as YouTube, Google Video, Blip TV, Justin TV, CBS,
etc. Recording has never been easier and faster. As
long as the videos are being played, the built-in
sniffer will automatically detect and add them into
download queue

* Detect and Record Streaming Video Automatically
* Record the Most Media Protocols and Formats
* Preview the Video in Action
* Convert Video Free to iPhone 5, iPad, Android
* Free Video Editor with Join, Cut, Effect and
Subtitle support
* Highest Video Recording Quality

The handy video converter is integrated into
Streaming Video Recorder, which enables users to
output the recorded videos in preferred formats,
such as AVI, MPEG-4, WMV, WMA, MP3, ACC and all
other popular formats. You may choose to convert
video for iPhone 5, iPad3, Apple TV, HTC, Android
phone or other devices

Install Notes

1. Use our KeyMaker.exe to patch
hosts or modify yourself using:

127.0.0.1 support.apowersoft.com
127.0.0.1 www.apowersoft.com
127.0.0.1 apowersoft.com

3. Install
4. Use our KeyMaker

Group Notes

Currently, we have open positions to fill:

You are a advanced cracker, and you are
interested to work on challenging software
protections, including retail (non public)
supplies, and/or iso utils

You are familar with the common crypto
algorithms, or you are able to defeat commercial
software protection systems, such as Armadillo
ASProtect, FlexLM, etc

You work at a software distribution place
electronic store, software magazine, or any other
place where you are able to get fresh, unreleased
copies of applications, be it the mainstream, or
the more special stuff. Or if you have access in
any other way to registered user areas or such to
obtain retail software, which you are able to give
as a supply - be it for internal use only, or for
release usage

You work at a ISP, University or any other company
with at least 50mbit up/down and are able to
provide/share this connection for our usage
People with an upstream below 50mbit do not need
to apply

You are able to provide hardware for our internal
usage

You are useful in any other way

If one of the above fits your qualifications, do
not hesitate to contact us by mail/msn at:

dvt@tormail.org

when contacting via MSN, please make sure to have
OTR (http://www.cypherpunks.ca/otr/) installed

Signed
TEAM DVT

(( nFO layout by ixlover / buddha ))