Borderlands 2 Repack R.G. Catalyst {1.3.1 Hotfix} + DLCs

With DLCs: 

Premier Club Edition DLC Pack (Gearbox Gunpack, Golden Key, Vault Hunter's Relic, Mechromancer Pack) 
Collector's Edition DLC Pack 
Creature Slaughterdome DLC Pack (Arena and Rocket Moxie) 
Captain Scarlett and her Pirate's Booty 
Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage , 
Sir Hammerlock's Big Game Hunt

Released: 2012 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person 
Developer: Gearbox Software 
Publisher: 2K Games 
Game Version: 1.3.1 Hotfix
Language: English, Russian 
Sound language: English 
Publication Type: Repack 
Crack: SKIDROW


Operating system: Windows XP SP3 / Windows Vista SP2 / Windows 7 SP1 
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo processor with a clock speed of 2.4 GHz 
RAM: 2 GB 
Video: 256 MB VRAM (NVIDIA GeForce 8500 / ATI Radeon HD 2600) 
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible 
Free hard drive space: 13 GB

DESCRIPTION:

In a team with three colleagues on the network or together with a friend in the good old split screen go to the raid on the unexplored areas of Pandora is to seek 

adventure on the ... head.

Select a character and how it should fit a - traditionally at your disposal huge arsenal of weapons, ammunition and equipment, - and more and more.
Items on Pandora generated automatically, and you can never know in advance what kind of gun will be in the near box!
Discover new secrets of Pandora pumped character as the assignments, make friends and make enemies - be the hero of their own history in the world full of surprises 

Borderlands!


Game Features:

The new face. 

Experience in the new class of fighter called" Shizostrel ┬╗(Gunzerker). This big man-little man is so strong that is easily controlled with any two guns at once. Want 

to water the enemy lead of a pair of heavy-handed machine guns? No problem! Or maybe you like the twin grenade? Easily! Two snipers? Is not a question! Your tactics 

plus firepower Shizostrela - the naive enemy no chance to survive! 

The punitive detachment. Have fun with your friends, teamed up on the Internet or a local network. Get involved in the campaign and get out of it at any time, it will 

not prevent your fellow adventures continue - restart the game is not required. Moreover, all purchased equipment you can use in every new game! 
 
At this time, your stay in the world of Borderlands will start with the fact that you find yourself abandoned to ruin in the middle of icy tundra. Will find out who 

and why so cruel cost to you, to find the offender and, of course, revenge ... on the first number. You will have to examine the ownership corporation "Hyperion" and 

face the villain universal scale - its director, known as Handsome Jack. 

Gunsmith -The new generation of weapons allows the game to make a truly incredible amount of destruction. All what you can imagine! Electricity, fire, acid and other 

additive" to the good old lead will be at your disposal to repulse the forces of "Hyperion" Countless ... everything! 

A unique system for creating game objects - an inexhaustible source of not only the most fantastic weapons, but also other equipment, including shields, grenades, 

alien artifacts ... There are all sorts of things! And do not forget the tons of all kinds of goodness from the original Borderlands! 

In the distant lands -Take an expedition to the unexplored areas of Pandora, which will surprise you with a variety of landscapes and scenery. You will frosty tundra, 

green meadows full of dangers and mysterious underground caves. 

Interesting dating- so many unprecedented inhabitants of Pandora are looking forward to meeting you! Huge, something looking like a gorilla, mordoplyui (Bullymongs), 

ruthless predators Crookshanks (Stalkers) and an army of mechminds "Hyperion" headed handsome Jack - only a fraction of all the unspeakable monsters, avoid meeting 

with whom you would never come out. And not very much and wanted! Guns at the ready! 

Repack Features:

Do not recoded / no cut 
Optional installation of Windows 8 Fix 
Installation time ~ 10 min.