No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

WYSIWYG Web Builder

Designing a website is indeed a job that takes a lot of time if you wish to build something really nice looking, but there are a lot of software solutions out there meant to help you in this regard.

WYSIWYG Web Builder is an application created to be used mainly by beginners because you don't have to be proficient in HTML to use it. Everything can be controlled with your mouse, so there's no problem if you're not into coding too much.

The application supports most things you usually see on the Internet such as forms, banners, Flash video players, captchas, images, buttons, YouTube content, photo galleries and so much more.

Of course, it all comes down to the users and their needs because WYSIWYG Web Builder can rise up to the expectations and help in any regard, as long as it's addressed to web designing.

The interesting thing is that the program even comes with PayPal eCommerce integration, which means you can place a Buy Now button on your website, or all the other PayPal utilities, such as View Cart, Subscription, Donation and Add to Cart.

Just as expected, since we are talking about a rather powerful application, there are a lot of other handy tools in there, such as the page weight viewer to see the size of the page elements, sitemaps, link checker, search index and extension manager.

That being said, WYSIWYG Web Builder is certainly a product that is worth trying. The strong feature pack and the ease of use make this software suited for all users and the output meets modern standards, so it may very well be considered one of the top picks in its category.

Supported OS:

Windows 8 / Windows 7 / Vista / XP

Homepage: http://www.wysiwygwebbuilder.com/