This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.



Ronny & The Daytonas - Landlocked: The Best Of Ronny & The Daytonas (1992)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61CMz62xbvL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Cub Koda):

Nashville's greatest contribution to the hot rod and surfing craze of the early '60s came in the form of Ronny & the Daytonas. Centered around singer-guitarist-songwriter John "Bucky" Wilkin (son of country tunesmith Marijohn Wilkin, best known for composing "Long Black Veil" and "One Day at a Time"), their big moment in the sun came with their debut disc, the Wilkin-penned "G.T.O." After writing the song in physics class as a senior in high school, Wilkin's mom pulled a few strings, landed him a publishing deal, and had a session set up with Nashville producer (and former Sun session man) Bill Justis. Justis cut the tune with various Nashville session players who had a feel for rock & roll and instructed Bucky to come up with a group name to put on the record. Wilkin became Ronny Dayton with the anonymous backing group becoming the Daytonas. The record sprang to number four on the national charts, and an album was cut in two weeks using more or less the same personnel. Wilkin seems to have cared little about playing live and, after a short time fronting a thrown-together combo for selected dates (including a USO tour), simply put together a phantom group to go out and honor tour commitments. After the USO tour, Buzz Cason joined the group, becoming Wilkin's main writing partner. A shift away from the Beach Boys-styled hot rod and surf tunes came with the group's second hit, the ballad "Sandy." Another album, exploring the ballad side of the band, was recorded in Germany with Cason and various session players, including a full string section, then an innovative idea for a rock & roll record. The hits soon dried up, however, and the band moved on to RCA Victor with some success before Wilkin left to pursue a solo career with albums on United Artists and Liberty. He remains active today on the oldies circuit.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/ronny-the-daytonas-p25334/biography

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001PNW7Y8

Track List:

01. G.T.O
02. Sandy
03. California Bound
04. Beach Boy
05. I'll Think Of Summer
06. Bucket T
07. Teenage Years
08. Somebody To Love
09. Antique '32 Studebaker Dictator Coupe
10. Surfin' In The Summertime
11. Then The Rains Came
12. Little Scrambler
13. Hot Rod Baby
14. Be Good To Your Baby
15. The Little Stingray That Could
16. Hold Me Baby
17. No Wheels
18. Little Rail Job
19. Goodbye Baby
20. Back In The U.S.A

