PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

"C  O  N   S  P  I  R  A  C  Y"

Volume 023

The Cancer Report and Cures

 

POtHS - Conspiracy - 023 - The Cancer Report and Cures


POtHS Comment: They don't want to cure cancer. They would rather sell you Poison called Chemo to drag you life out a little longer. The more you drag out Death the Longer it will be till you are with Jesus. But if you gotta hang around here a little longer, here are some cancer cures that they don't want you to know about. You Pot-Heads will Love this one.

Gen:1:29  29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

Description:

CANCER CURE:
One of many Cures for cancer under a direct attack by 100% criminal and corrupted FDA and US Government !! - Very effective natural Cure, combined though with Cannabis Flower Extract would make it perfect and raise the success rate from ca. 40 to 95% for patients that had not gone under Chemo and radiation and for those that did it would still raise the success rate from 25 to ca 70% - I like to combine things, as you can with Natural medicines as mush as you want, like Colloidal Silver and Gold for Inflammations, Infections, viruses and bacteria's, Cannabis for setting all bodily functions and Systems in balance and it has several Cancer fighting properties of its own, Laetrile an other effective Cancer fighter, Ozone and active H for higher Oxygen levels in the blood, Becks Protocol for cleaning the blood from parasites and higher the Oxygen intake of the read blood-cells, change Diet, quit Sugar and Aspartame, Drink Clean water and good humor - All of these methods are Banned by FDA and All of these methods have only one "Side-effect": Perfect Health.

------------------------------------

The Cancer Report:
This documentary catalogs how allopathic medicine established dominance in the early part of the 20th Century, and how natural medicines were arbitrarily banned from the medical profession, despite the basis of this decision being scientifically unsound. The wholesale transition from natural medicines to chemical ones was based on financial and political reasons, at the expense of the patients.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Cannabis Cancer Cure with Rick Simpson:
Can Cannabis cure cancer? Today we are joined by Rick Simpson to discuss the all natural alternative options to chemotherapy.

For more information visit: 
http://phoenixtears.ca/

Get updates like this everyday and support independent media by joining Press For Truth TV: http://pressfortruth.tv/register/
We rely on you the viewer to help us continue to do this work. With your help I can continue to make videos and documentary films for youtube in an effort to raise awareness all over the world. Please support independent media by joining Press For Truth TV!

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
