
 
http://img708.imageshack.us/img708/6042/581267.jpg


Resurrecting Sex: Resolving Sexual Problems and Rejuvenating Your Relationship 


Publisher: Harper
David Schnarch, James Maddock
2002
Language: English
ISBN-10: 006019359X
ISBN-13: 978-0060193591
PDF,EPUB,MOBI  
336 pages 
4.62 MB

In this remarkable new book, Dr. David Schnarch, world-renowned sex and marital therapist and author of Passionate Marriage, offers a groundbreaking approach to resolving sexual difficulties and the relationship problems they cause. By showing couples how they can turn their worst sex and relationship disasters into personal growth and spiritual connection, Dr. Schnarch offers couples the best sex of their lives.

In addition to taking an unflinchingly honest, realistic, and erotic approach to sex, Dr. Schnarch reveals the complicated emotional interactions hidden within couples' most private moments. Resurrecting Sex speaks of compassion, partnership, generosity, and integrity in adult sexual relationships, offering hope to millions of people -- golden-anniversary marriages, newly formed couples, and singles alike -- who are struggling with sexual difficulties.

Uplifting, provocative, and heartfelt, the book is organized into four sections:

A crash course in sex
Explanation of how sexual relationships really work
Medical options and bionic solutions
Vignettes of couples changing their sexual relationships
Resurrecting Sex addresses all major sexual issues, including male erection problems such as rapid orgasm and delayed orgasm; women's problems with arousal and lubrication, difficulty reaching orgasm, and low desire; full coverage of Viagra (for both men and women); and other sex-enhancing drugs and medical options. Rather than dwelling on sexual techniques, this sympathetic book shows how to cure the rejection, hostility, and emotional alienation that often accompany sexual problems. Its unique method helps couples develop the love, affection, and commitment that prevent divorce and strengthen families.

Generous of spirit, enlightened, and insightful, Resurrecting Sex is destined to make the world a better place to fall in love.

