Skin: Skin Diamond is one of a kind. From her exotic and sensual beauty to her voracious sexuality, Skin is a sexual goddess. Now see Skin Diamond like you`ve never seen her before featuring her 1st DV and DAP, and directed by the award winning L.T.


    Scene 1. Skin Diamond, Alex Gonz, Filthy Rich, Hooks, Jason Brown, Julius Ceazher
    Scene 2. Skin Diamond, Marco Banderas, Prince Yahshua
    Scene 3. Skin Diamond, L.T.
    Scene 4. Asphyxia Noir, Celeste Star, Skin Diamond
    Scene 5. Skin Diamond, Alex Gonz, D. Snoop, guy, L.T., Rico Shades



Actresses:
    Asphyxia Noir [LezOnly]
    Celeste Star [LezOnly]
    Skin Diamond [Anal Facial DP DPP DAP Bald Swallow IR]

Actors:
    Alex Gonz
    D. Snoop
    Filthy Rich
    Hooks
    Jason Brown
    Julius Ceazher
    L.T.
    Marco Banderas
    Mark Anthony
    Prince Yahshua
    Rico Shades (as Shades)

Elegant Angel/LT Entertainment

Director: LT Turner

Length: 180:16 minutes

Date of Production: 10/1/2012 (cover); 10/8/2012 (credits)

Body of Review: LT Turner is a talented director at Elegant Angel, his interracial titles garnering some acclaim over the years. His latest movie is called Skin, the director joining his company peers in providing a showcase title of an up & comer performer, the already popular Skin Diamond. Before I go too far in the review, it should be noted that I have found the bulk of scenes by Skin to be outstanding, her exotic looks, passionate performances, and sheer enthusiasm always an upgrade over so many of her peers in the industry. To me, this flick marks the special occasion of LT joining in to provide the company trademark showcase titles too, virtually every one of them in recent years boosting the career of the multitude of ladies deemed worthy of the effort. Of note this time was that Skin was doing double penetrations, double vaginal, double anal, and a blowbang that should satiate fans for some time to come. HereΓÇÖs a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:

