The Words (2012) [BDRip 720p][DUAL]
 
http://www.thewordsmovie.com/

Format: Matroska (MKV)
Size: 7.16 GB
Nominal Bitrate: 9942 Kbs.
Audio: Castilian AC3 5.1, 640 kb / s.
Audio: Castilian DTS 1510 kb / s.
Audio: English DTS, 1510 kb / s ..
Subtitle: Castilian
Resolution: 1280x720

Original title: The Words
Country: USA
USA release: 07/09/2012
Released in Spain: 31/10/2012
Released on DVD (rental): 06/03/2013
Studio: Parlay Films
Director: Brian Klugman, Lee Sternthal
Writer: Brian Klugman, Lee Sternthal
Starring: Bradley Cooper, Zoe Saldana, Olivia Wilde, Jeremy Irons, Dennis Quaid, Ben Barnes, JK Simmons, John Hannah, Zeljko Ivanek, Michael McKean, Ron Rifkin, Jeanie Hackett, Liz Stauber, Nora Arnezeder, Keeva Lynk
Rating: Suitable for all audiences


Synopsis:
The publication of the first book of Rory Jansen (Bradley Cooper) is one of those events that only occur sweeping once every generation, which fuels the imagination of the public and the literary industry alike. Readers recommend enthusiastically to his friends, critics praise him, is everywhere: book clubs, airplanes, college campuses ...

With a fresh narrative and life wisdom somehow timeless, Rory becomes the overnight into a star of the letters. The young writer, charismatic, intelligent and talented, seems to have it all: a wonderful life, a loving woman (Zoe Saldana), the world at his feet ... all thanks to his words.

But who are these words? And who is that story, anyway?

At the height of his success, a mysterious old man (Jeremy Irons) located Rory and confronts him claiming to be the true author of the novel. The old man tells the beautiful but tragic memories of his youth in Paris after World War II, which gave rise to the book. Finding that another man has paid dearly treasure containing stories, Rory must deal with issues such as creativity, ambition and moral choices made guided by those interests.

Written as a story within a story, Rory's own life is a fiction. Behind her is a true literary lion, Clay Hammond (Dennis Quaid), who, persuaded by a beautiful and clever student (Olivia Wilde) to speak of the true meaning of his novel, can only hint at the connections between history and her secret past.