Leafy Greens: An A-to-Z Guide to 30 Types of Greens Plus More Than 120 Delicious Recipes 
by Mark Bittman
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt | April 2012 | ISBN-10: 1118093879 | ePUB/PDF | 10.2/8.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Leafy-Greens-A---Z-Delicious/dp/1118093879
PDF conversion is mine.

Mark Bittman's handy, healthy guide to greens—now back in print!
Mark Bittman is one of the nation's best-known and most widely respected food writers. The author of the legendary How to Cook Everything and How to Cook Everything Vegetarian, he's a master of the art of simple, healthy home cooking. In this new reissue of Leafy Greens, he describes and explains more than 30 different types of greens—from arugula to kale to wakame (a sea vegetable)—and offers healthy recipes for each green along the way. As one blogger celebrating the book recently put it, "it demystifies obscure greens and celebrates overlooked ones."
You'll find more than 120 delicious anti-oxidant-packed recipes for salads, soups, stews, stir-fries, sautés, and more, as well as nutritional information, advice on buying and cooking greens, and which greens make good substitutes for one another.
-    Includes more than 120 savory recipes like Bitter Greens with Bacon, Grilled Radicchio, and Risotto with Arugula and Shrimp
-    Features more than 65 illustrations that help you quickly identify different types of greens
-    Begins with a new Introduction by Mark Bittman
If you love healthy cooking or just love greens, this is your ultimate source for handy information, tasty recipes, and fresh meal ideas.

About the Author 
http://www.govivaspeakers.com/sites/default/files/speaker-photos/20090224-bittman-250.jpg
Bittman is a food and cooking writer. Three of his books, including Cooking at Home with a Four-Star Chef, have been given the International Association of Culinary Professionals, Julia Child, or James Beard awards.Bittman appeared with Gwyneth Paltrow and Mario Batali in a PBS series called Spain... on the road Again in 2008. Bittman has been a columnist for The New York Times Magazine and the paper's Opinion section.
Bittman published his book Leafy Greens in 1995, How to Cook Everything in 1998, Fish - The Complete Guide to Buying and Cooking in 1999, and Simple to Spectacular in 2000. In 2005 he published the books The Best Recipes in the World and Bittman Takes On America's Chefs, and hosted the Public Television series Bittman Takes on America's Chefs which won the James Beard Award for best cooking series.In 2007 he published How to Cook Everything Vegetarian and created the film What's wrong with what we eat?. In 2009 Bittman published the book Food Matters, which covers food-related topics such as environmental challenges, lifestyle diseases, overproduction and over consumption of meat and simple carbohydrates. He also began the TV series Kitchen Express. Bittman has written the books The Minimalist Cooks at Home, The Minimalist Cooks Dinner and The Minimalist Entertains. In 2010 Bittman created The Food Matters Cookbook, an expansion of the principles and recipes in his prior book.