This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Various Artists - Summer Beach Party (2006)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61KAAE34Y4L._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

All Music Album Review (by Richie Unterberger):

No rotten surf/beach movie of the early to mid-'60s would be complete without songs that were as frivolous and silly as the films themselves. As guilty a pleasure as those songs were, however, they often outclassed the movies they were soundtracking by a wide margin -- sometimes, indeed, they were the only reason to bother with the films. This 19-track compilation cuts out the middleman, in a sense, by gathering rock & surf songs from numerous such 1963-1965 movies, enabling us to hear the goods without suffering through the scripts. Despite the presence of some hitmakers and major stars, it's hardly deathless music -- only the Beach Boys' gorgeous ballad "Girls on the Beach" is truly excellent, though Jan & Dean's 1964 Top 20 hit "Ride the Wild Surf" and the Astronauts' ripping instrumental "Surf Party" are quite good. Taken in the spirit in which it's intended, however, it's a fun (if slightly trashy) romp through the lighter side of the sun-baked pop/rock of the era. Virtually all of the artists on the CD -- including Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello, Dick Dale, the Exciters, Donna Loren, the Pyramids, the Kingsmen, Nancy Sinatra, and the Rip Chords -- had a hit of some sort, even if these particular numbers don't include those hits, or even feature those performers at their best. As compensation, though, even the dumbest numbers -- the Kingsmen's "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini" takes the prize, though Annette's "Pajama Party" isn't far behind -- offer some crass if relatively disposable fun. Some of the other tracks aren't without their interest, even viewed apart from the popular culture angle: Frankie Avalon rocks about as hard as he ever did (though not exactly frenetically) on the 1963 single "Don't Stop Now," Donna Loren does a decent tune in the soulful girl group vein with "It Only Hurts When I Cry," and Nancy Sinatra's "Geronimo" predates her big Lee Hazlewood-produced hits. Surf/California expert Stephen J. McParland supplies fine, detailed liner notes.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/summer-beach-party-r844443/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000FVBL98

Track List:

01. Frankie Avalon - Beach Party
02. Dick Dale - Secret Surfin' Spot
03. Frankie Avalon - Don't Stop Now
04. Dick Dale - Surfin' And A-Swingin'
05. Annette - Pajama Party
06. Jan & Dean - Ride The Wild Surf
07. Cast - Bikini Beach
08. The Pyramids - Bikini Drag
09. Donna Loren - Love's A Secret Weapon
10. The Exciters - Gotcha Where I Want You
11. The Pyramids - Record Run
12. The Astronauts - Surf Party
13. Donna Loren - Muscle Bustle
14. The Kingsmen - How To Stuff A Wild Bikini
15. The Beach Boys - Girls On The Beach
16. Donna Loren - It Only Hurts When I Cry
17. Nancy Sinatra - Geronimo
18. The Rip Chords - Hot Rod Roadster
19. The Beas - Dr. Goldfoot & The Bikini Machine
