The Monkees - This Just Doesn't Seem to Be My Day [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD with AC3 2+6 channel audio. "This Just Doesn't Seem to Be My Day" is a song from The Monkees,  the first album by the band the Monkees. It was released in October 1966 by Colgems Records in the United States and RCA Records in the rest of the world. It was the first of four consecutive U.S. number one albums for the group, taking the top spot on the Billboard 200 for 13 weeks, after which it was displaced by the band's second album. It also topped the UK charts in 1967. The Monkees has been certified quintuple platinum by the RIAA, with sales of over five million copies. 

The song "Last Train to Clarksville" was released as a single shortly before the release of the album and went to the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was the only hit single from the album. "I'll Be True to You" was previously released as a single by The Hollies in January 1965 under the title "Yes I Will". 

The Monkees were an American pop band that released music under their original incarnation between 1966 and 1970, with subsequent reunion albums and tours in the decades that followed. Assembled in Los Angeles in 1965 by Robert "Bob" Rafelson and Bert Schneider for the American television series The Monkees, which aired from 1966ΓÇô1968, the musical acting quartet was composed of Americans Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, and Peter Tork, and Englishman Davy Jones. The band's music was initially supervised by producer Don Kirshner. 

Described by band member Micky Dolenz as initially being "a TV show about an imaginary band [...] that wanted to be The Beatles, [but] that was never successful", the actor-musicians soon became a real band. As Dolenz would later describe it, "The Monkees really becoming a band was like the equivalent of Leonard Nimoy really becoming a Vulcan." 

For the first few months of their almost five-year initial career, the four actor-musicians were only allowed limited roles in the recording studio. This was due in part to the excessive time spent filming the TV series, which in turn limited the amount of time available to the group to rehearse and coalesce as a band. Nonetheless, Nesmith did compose and produce some songs from the beginning, and Peter Tork contributed limited guitar work on the Nesmith-produced sessions. They soon fought for and earned the right to collectively supervise all musical output under the band's name. Although the sitcom was canceled in 1968, the band continued to record music through 1971. 

The Monkees had a number of international hits, including "Last Train to Clarksville", "I'm a Believer", "Pleasant Valley Sunday", and "Daydream Believer". At their peak in 1967, the band outsold both the Beatles and Rolling Stones. As of 2012, their albums and singles have sold over 65 million copies worldwide. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Monkees_(album) 
      
http://bayimg.com/eAldLaAEE 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video : MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 6000kbps
   Audio1: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Audio2: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz 6ch 448kbps
   Duration: 00:02:13


*To change the audio in "Media Player Classic", just go to "Navigate" then "Audio Language" and choose between the 2 sources*




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.6


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	