Cyberpolitics in International Relations 
by Nazli Choucri
The MIT Press | November 2012 | ISBN-10: 0262017636 | 320 pages | PDF | 12.6 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Cyberpolitics-International-Relations-Nazli-Choucri/dp/0262517698

Cyberspace is widely acknowledged as a fundamental fact of daily life in today's world. Until recently, its political impact was thought to be a matter of low politics--background conditions and routine processes and decisions. Now, however, experts have begun to recognize its effect on high politics--national security, core institutions, and critical decision processes. In this book, Nazli Choucri investigates the implications of this new cyberpolitical reality for international relations theory, policy, and practice. The ubiquity, fluidity, and anonymity of cyberspace have already challenged such concepts as leverage and influence, national security and diplomacy, and borders and boundaries in the traditionally state-centric arena of international relations. Choucri grapples with fundamental questions of how we can take explicit account of cyberspace in the analysis of world politics and how we can integrate the traditional international system with its cyber venues.
After establishing the theoretical and empirical terrain, Choucri examines modes of cyber conflict and cyber cooperation in international relations; the potential for the gradual convergence of cyberspace and sustainability, in both substantive and policy terms; and the emergent synergy of cyberspace and international efforts toward sustainable development. Choucri's discussion is theoretically driven and empirically grounded, drawing on recent data and analyzing the dynamics of cyberpolitics at individual, state, international, and global levels.

About the Author
Nazli Choucri is Professor of Political Science at MIT, and Associate Director of MIT's Technology and Development Program, and Director of GSSD (Global System for Sustainable Development). She is the author or editor of many books, including Global Accord: Environmental Challenges and International Responses (MIT Press, 1993) and Mapping Sustainability: Knowledge e-Networking and the Value Chain. 

CONTENTS
Acknowledgments vii
I New Challenges to International Relations: Theory and Policy 1
1 Introduction 3
2 Theory Matters in International Relations 25
3 Cyberspace: New Domain of International Relations 49
4 Cyber Content: Leveraging Knowledge and Networking 71
II Cyber Venues and Levels of Analysis 89
5 The State System: National Profiles and Cyber Propensities 91
6 The International System: Cyber Conflicts and Threats to
Security 125
7 The International System: Cyberpolitics of Cooperation and
Collaboration 155
8 The Global System: Pressures of Growth and Expansion 175
9 Cyberspace and Sustainability: Convergence on the Global
Agenda 205
10 Conclusion: Lateral Realignment and the Future of
Cyberpolitics 221
Notes 239
References 263
Index 293