Revolution S01E15 XviD [JKS]
.
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 720x404
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 128kbps
Audio sample rate 48kHz
Frame Rate : 23 fps
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2070791/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolution_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/revolution/
.
A group of revolutionaries confronts an authoritarian regime 15 years after an instantaneous global shutdown of all electrical devices known as the Blackout.
---
Revolution Season 1 Episode 15
Title: Home  Directed by: Jon Cassar	  Written by: David Rambo  Original air date: April 29, 2013
...
Miles is now in command of the combined rebel forces and Georgian army. Their small victories get the attention of Gen Monroe, who knows he needs to defeat Miles before he gets even more powerful. So Monroe travels to their home town and rounds up all the citizens, then sends a runner to Miles to inform him that he will begin executions, starting with Emma, if Miles does not come alone. In the gun battle that ensues, Emma is killed, but not before revealing a secret to Sebastian; she gave birth to his son while they were away in boot camp. Gen Monroe is wounded but now knows he has a son. Miles is taking the death of Emma, his young Fiancée, and is out for blood!
Aaron and Rachel cross the Mississippi River into The Plains Nation costing them a handful of diamonds on their way to The Tower. The pair stop in La Grange, MO and Rachel begins deciphering the journal provided by Dr. Jane Warren while Aaron shops for supplies in spite of his two PHDs from MIT. While working his way through the open air market Aaron believes he sees his wife, whom he left in the early months after the black-out. After hours of searching he finds her and she acts cold and distant, alerting Aaron to the facts that she is in trouble, even though he cannot see the gun under the table. Aaron ultimately saves her from the bounty hunter who wants to take her back to the Monroe Republic for killing an official who tried to harm her eleven year old daughter. Aaron lets her go off to be with her new family waiting for her in Texas.	
