 http://aetherforce.com/lets-get-back-erics-lost-lectures-warriors-needed/

-:-
In 2007, Eric Dollard gave four presentations at the San Francisco Tesla Society.

Only one of which has been released and which such bad audio that it was almost useless.

This is a four hour lecture where Eric just skims the surface of the extent of the deception around Tesla and the suppression of the Electrical sciences. This is probably why they chose to release this one. The others are far more hard hitting and revealing and thus must be kept under wraps in order to protect the house of lies built around Tesla.

The president of this Tesla Society has refused to release the other three lectures despite repeated calls and offers to buy them. This Tesla Society has thus revealed itself to be an agent of suppression , much like most Tesla Societies in the US and UK.

We need to put the pressure on to get back these lost lectures. Eric put some real love into them and only we can get this knowledge released to the world. The other bonus is that we show Eric just how much we can do when we work together, that he isn’t alone and that his work is really making a difference.

Here is a Quote by Eric about this fellow and his Tesla Society.

“Do not be fooled by George Gaboury of the SF Tesla Society. The videos are fine and need no edit. The one on youtube is a backup copy made in case the inevitable happened, and it always happens, guaranteed.

And now we have the so called “Tesla” society, what a joke. It is another Einstein society, no Tesla. This outfit is run by a Georges Gaboury, of San Francisco, Ca. It is of interest to note how he consumed millions in capital fighting for another free energy moron that gets himself in trouble, but in two years did nothing about the priceless Landers installation and even refused to mention it in his newsletters. His handler is Charles Ostman, and you guessed it, he is from L. Livermore Labs. (Also the Hell’s Angel’s swine that got my dog is tight with L.L. Labs !) Ostman uses the “Tesla” group as a platform for his expression of neo-pagan quantum mysticism, and its rising Goddess Shiva. His videos are readily available from the “Tesla” society, but not mine.”

Friends of Eric have been trying for over 4 years to get these lectures released to no avail. Here is a quote from David Webster, Eric’s publisher

“I wish that I was telling you all that George Gaboury from the San Francisco Tesla Society (S.F.T.S.) had sent me the other lectures that he has squirreled away in his archives, but that is far from the truth. George is beginning to avoid my phone calls. He forwarded me to voicemail today, and recently, he quickly got off of the phone with jpolakow when he found out that jpolakow and Eric were friends. John couldn’t get a word in edgewise before George ended the call. It would seem as if George doesn’t have time to get the word out about Tesla and is more interested in UFO’s as confirmed by a S.F.T.S. attendee whom recently said he saw Gaboury involved with a UFO convention. I have been trying to get George to release these lectures for one year with no avail. It would be great if everybody that is in the United States could give George a call and request that he release Eric’s lectures. Blow his phone up.”


George Gaboury, president of the San Francisco Tesla Society, refuses to release Eric’s lectures. Let’s give him a call.

1. Call George Gaboury, president of Tesla Society ( 415-286-6576  ) 50 points for voice mail, 200 points for a live call

2. Email George Gaboury ( sftesla@hotmail.com ) 10 points

3. Crash Next Meeting 1000 points

Sunday, March 10, 2013    1 – 5 p.m.    at the

TechShop – San Francisco
926 Howard Street (near 5th Street)
San Francisco, CA  94103

I’ve already called and emailed twice so I am at 220 points myself. Who can top that?
-:-


Video and powerpoint presentation files.
