Hannibal S01E05 XviD [JKS]
-	
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 720x404
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 29.97 fps
-
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
-
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
-
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 05
Title: Coquilles  Directed by: Guillermo Navarro  Story Written by: Scott Nimerfro  Teleplay Written by: Scott Nimerfro and Bryan Fuller  Original air date: April 25, 2013
.
A murdered couple is found in a motel room, posed in praying positions with the flesh of their backs opened and strung to the ceiling to give them the appearance of wings. Using hairs collected from the motel pillow, the BAU team discover several medications used to treat brain tumors in the killer's bloodstream. Graham surmises that the killer is transforming his victims into guardian angels to watch over him because he is afraid of dying in his sleep. Meanwhile, Crawford's wife Bella (Gina Torres) becomes Dr. Lecter's new patient. She is reluctant to tell her husband that she has terminal lung cancer because he already has too much to worry about. Graham starts to suffer from episodes of sleepwalking and continues to dream about the feathered stag that has been haunting him since the Hobbs case. He confides to Dr. Lecter that the pressure of looking into killer's minds is starting to break his psyche and Dr. Lecter attempts to use this to create a wedge between Graham and Crawford. The angel-maker is tracked to an old farm, but is discovered to have committed suicide and transformed himself into an angel. During the investigation, Crawford realizes the reason for his wife's distant behaviour and promises to help her through her illness any way he can.
