Napoleon Hill, one of the best-selling self-help authors of all time whose teachings have influenced entire generations of success seekers, wrote this profound and provocative book in 1938 just after the publication of his all-time best-seller, Think and Grow Rich. But Outwitting the Devi! was withheld from release because it was considered too controversial by his family and advisors. Hill’s insights on breaking through inhibitionsand livinga life free from fear, donbt, and dependency remained mostly unseen—until now.

More than seven decades later, Sharon Lechter— one of our leading motivational thinkers—has edited and interpreted Hill’s manuscript for contemporary readers, revealing proven strategies that allow us to break free from the Devil’s influence and live the abundant and successful life we deserve.

This book reveals that the Devil—after being outwitted by legendary success guru Hill—relinquishes his secrets about the hidden methods of control that can lead us to ruin. It offers a perceptive look at how we hand over our fates to negative thoughts, passive acceptance, and physical pain, and identifies the greatest obstacles we face in reaching personal goals: fear, procrastination, anger, and jealousy.

Hill’s aim was, in his own words, to help “unlock the doors of the self-made prisons in which men and women are confined.” Outwitting the Devil does just that. And because it was written at a lime when the world was emerging from a severe financial meltdown and facing a global conflict, it has a surprising relevance to our own time of economic and political uncertainty.

"You will discover whether the Devil he interviews is real or imaginary. much like the Devil that you may personally he dealing with in your life and experience."
- MARK VICTOR HANSEN, co-creator of the #1 New York Times bestselling series Chicken Soup for the Soul

Napoleon Hill (1883-1970) was an American author and entrepreneur best known for Think and Grow Rich, published in 1937, which has become one of the bestselling books of all time. His teachings have gone on to influence entire generations of success seekers, setting the standard for the foundations of today’s motivational thinking. For more information visit www.naphill.org.

Sharon Lechter is the co-author of Three Feel from Gold, and co-author of the international bestseller Rich Dad, Poor Dad and fourteen books in the Rich Dad series. Lechter is also a national spokesperson for the National CPAs Commission on Financial Literacy, and the founder of Pay Your Family First—a financial education organization— and creator of ThriveTime for Teens, an award-winning financial life and money reality game. She is now focused on expanding the knowledge of Napoleon Hill's principles and teachings around the globe in conjunction with the Napoleon Hill Foundation. For more information visit www.slechter.com or www.payyourfamilyfirst.com.

My simple faith is this: If we are created in God's image, then we were horn to create, and. to create is to prosper. In June a previously unpublished Napoleon Hill manuscript titled Outwitting the Devil: The Secret to Freedom and Success will be released. I've read it and recommend it."
- RICH KARLGAARD, Publisher of Forbes magazine

"Fear is the tool of a man-made devil" - Napoleon Hill

In 1938, just after publication of his all-time best-seller Think and Grow Rich, Napoleon Hill reveals that he broke the Devil s Code, forcing him to confess his secrets. The resulting manuscript—Outwitting the Devil—proved so controversial, it was hidden for more than seventy years. Now Sharon Lechter brings us this important book, annotating and editing it for a contemporary audience. Using his legendary ability to get to the root of human potential, Hill digs deep to identify the greatest obstacles we face in reaching our personal goals—including fear, procrastination, anger, and jealousy—as tools orchestrated by the Devil himself. These hidden methods of control can lead us to ruin, and Hill reveals the seven principles of good that will allow us to finally triumph over them and succeed. Fascinating, provocative, and empowering, Outwitting the Devil shows how to create your own path to success, harmony, and fulfillment in an age of uncertainty and fear.

“What a perfect time for this masterpiece to be published! Sharon Lechter's notes bring into focus the real genius behind Outwitting the Devil and help us conquer fears that bedevil our success."
-  HARVEY MACKAY, author of the #7 New York Times bestseller Swim with the Sharks Without Being Eaten Alive

“Napoleon Hill was one of America’s great influential thinkers who continues to have an enormous impact today. This previously unpublished manuscript, ably edited and annotated by Sharon Lechter, reveals how fear and lack of trust can prevent you from achieving success. Tree markets rely on free people and trust.”
-  STEVE FORBES, editor-in-chief of Forbes magazine

“Hill's teachings are most often associated in the minds of his modern-day readers, with prosperity, which translates as money in one's individual coffers. But truth be told, he has shared with the world his wisdom of ‘how-to-live principles.’"
- MICHAEL BERNARD BECKWITH, author of Spiritual Liberation: Fulfilling Your Soul’s Potential and featured in the film and book The Secret

================

Includes the secret chapter at the end