Carbon Premium - App Sync and Backup v1.0.3.3

Requirements: Android 4.0 and up 

Overview: Carbon is the missing app sync and backup solution for Android.

Carbon does NOT require root. All Android users can use Carbon to backup and sync Android applications.

Carbon lets you backup your apps and data to your SD card or cloud storage. With Carbon, you can sync app data from your other Android devices-- even if they are not on the same network. Set up backup schedules with Carbon, and never lose data again.

Carbon Setup
1. Install Carbon on Android
a) Root user? You're done!
2. Install and run Carbon Desktop (link below)
a) Windows users must install their Android drivers as well
3. Connect Android to computer.
a) You may need to set your USB Connection Mode to "PTP". (Nexus 7, Nexus 10, etc)
4. Carbon on Android should now be enabled.

Carbon (Free) features:
Backup and restore to SD card
Backup and restore from PC

Carbon (Premium) features:(Enabled)
No ads
Automatic Backup schedules
Android to Android sync

Cloud backup and restore
* Dropbox
* Box
* Google Drive

Note: Carbon is NOT available to Motorola devices. This is because Motorola phones have a bug that break Android's backup mechanism. Until this is fixed by Motorola, Carbon will not work on those Androids. You can download Carbon manually here: 
http://download.clockworkmod.com/apks/Backup.apk

If you find that Carbon *does* work on your Motorola Android, please notify me.

Carbon Desktop Installer (non-rooted users):
 
http://www.clockworkmod.com/carbon

What's in this version:

New permissions are necessary for call log and sms backup
SMS and Call Log support
Crash fix
Handle broken root.
Handle missing external sd cards.
Fix wifi/3g sync negotiation bug.
External SD Card support
Fix battery drain bug in carbon server
Android sync works over wifi now, and allows APK sync
Temple Run (and others) Fix: Restores now support external files directory
Scheduled backups now notifies about any lock screen issues


More Info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.koushikdutta.backup