Category: Photo & Video
Updated: Feb 03, 2013
Version: 2.9.1
Size: 20.1 MB
Languages: English, Japanese, Korean
Seller: JellyBus Inc.

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation) and iPad. Requires iOS 4.3 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.

 Description

More than 4 million downloads

★★★★★ HDR FX

HDR FX will change your lifeless photos into living and impressive moments.

"Bring Some Magic To Your Photos With HDR FX"
— Andy Nicolaides, AppAdvice

"A Comprehensive iPhone Photo Editor With Variety Of Filters"
— Hamza Khalid, addictivetips

"No.1 in 45 countries, Photo&Video"
— March, 2012

HDR FX allows you to have Single-Photo HDR Effect on your photos and at the same time to experience special functions that HDR FX provides. It helps you make photos look more impressive and gorgeous than what you experience in a real world.

A magical experience will be shown on your phone. Sceneries in travelling, beautiful sky around sunset, first snow near daybreak and so on…No matter what is taken, the magic promises more beautiful and breathtaking photos.

- HDR : High Dynamic Range
- Video Review :

◆ HDR FX meets Instagram!
You can share awesome photos from HDR FX to Instagram.

◆ HDR Preset specialized to Scenery
42 different HDR Preset is provided in three themes : Scenery, sky, and ground. You will experience a high quality of editing such as choosing Single-Photo HDR highly matching to each photo, saving immediately, and even editing more details.

◆ Limitless combinations of HDR effect!
You can simply apply a preset by choosing out from the filter list. Moreover, with the use of Shuffle button in HDR Lab, you will have unlimited photographic effects with various detail settings.

◆ Automatic photo analyze and preset recommendation
As soon as a photo is loaded, HDR FX automatically analyze the photo and recommend presets highly matching to it.
If you are not sure which preset you should choose, just check out the HDR presets with star sign, which are recommended by HDR FX. :)
Bonus Tip – If you pull down the list, the presets in a numerical order will be sorted by frequency. You can use HDR Lab with a preferred setting!

◆ HDR Option Control
You can make your photo the most natural as you control Highlight, Shadow, and Opacity of a preset you choose.

◆ Specialized Effects for Sky and Ground
HDR FX makes sky and ground which are important points in a scenery photograph stand out. A beautiful sky view of sunset can become more beautiful, showing the awe of the nature.

◆ Elaborate photos with Textures!
You can elaborate the beauty of sceneries with an addition of textures. Moreover, with the use of shuffle function you can express varied styles of one texture and also control the opacity of the texture.

◆ Stylish Borders
Complete edition with putting a photo in a frame! Borders, which make your photos look more stylish, are provided.

◆ Load a photo from
You can import a photo fromwhich we use every day, and edit it in HDR FX.

◆ Simple and useful Editor
HDR FX is designed for everyone to use all the editing features conveniently.

◆ Features
✓ Super Camera Features
✓ Load a photo fromand Camera Roll
✓ 42 HDR Presets : Scenery, Sky and Ground
✓ Shuffle limitless combinations of HDR presets
✓ Live Vignetting and stylish borders
✓ Textures and control on its opacity
✓ HDR sub settings : Highlight, Shadow, Opacity adjustment of HDR preset
✓ Specialized expression to sky and ground
✓ Various colors via Curve
✓ Analyze a photo and recommend highly matching HDR presets to each photo
✓Sharing
✓ Compare with an original photo
✓ Crop
✓ EXIF Data
✓ HDR FX Manual

[Notice]
iOS 6 requires turning ON in “iPhone’s Settings – Privacy – Photos - HDRFX” in order to save photos to Camera Roll.
We are waiting for your feedback :) Thank you! 


What's New in Version 2.9.1

Hope you enjoy HDR FX magic!

[V2.9.1 update]

- Minor bug fix
- Improved Flickr sharing

[V2.9 update]

- Border : New 32 color borders + 'Winter Theme' new 6 borders
- Improved User Interface
- Improved Performance

[Update History]

- Super Camera Features
: Focus & Exposure Multi-Touch Control
: Flash Control with Torch Mode
: 6x Digital Zoom
: Grid & Leveler
: Anti-Shake, Self-Timer
: Geo-Tag
: Front Camera Reverse
: Save Original Photo

- Live Vignetting
: 4 Control Points with Multi-touch
: Dark/Light Vignetting

- Photo Sharing
:
: Sending to Instagram and other apps!

- Crop Ratio Option

- Border upgrade
: Brand new 34 border styles
: Control Roundness and Thickness

- Optimized for iOS6
- Supports iPhone 5 wide display
- Improved Instagram sharing

- New 'Light Leak' textures
- Improved Curve UX
