Anal, Ass to mouth, Big Breast, Blonde, Blowjob, Booty, Brunette, College, Cunilingus, Deep throat 

Bonnie Rotten, Brittany Lynn, Cameron Canada, Krysta Kaos, Mike Adriano, Yurizan Beltran, Zarrah Angel

If you're drawn to wild women the way director Mike Adriano is, you look for the telltale signs that a girl's willing to go to perverse extremes. “Tattooed Anal Sluts #2” is Mike’s two-disc showcase of heavily inked harlots that advertise their lust for cock with lots of alluring skin art. These elaborately decorated sluts satisfy the director’s signature obsessions, providing loads of nasty ass-to-mouth cocksucking, rude rectal gaping, sphincter-stretching speculums, slobbery deep-throat blow jobs, lewd rim jobs, messy cum facials and oral sperm-swapping — all presented in Mike’s signature POV+ style of up-close camerawork. First, petite blonde knockout Cameron Canada, sporting a large back piece and tattooed fingers, worships the director’s dick with her wet mouth and obediently rims his anus before sliding his meat pole up inside her little bum. This amazing, young beauty works her talented asshole on Mike’s cock until he splatters her pretty face with jism. Next, luscious Latina Yurizan Beltran wraps her soft boobs around Mike’s shaft and gets her plump, jiggling rear end well fucked. Using his signature speculum, he makes her anus gape. After her rectum’s been thoroughly stretched, he spurts a spermy load in Yurizan’s cleavage. Pale, adorable and all natural, Zarrah Angel is festooned with tattoos. Submissively she tongues the director’s bunghole and rides his thick boner before gagging on Mike’s meat ATM-style in a wet, gagging, eye-watering, deep-throat blowjob. Zarrah laps his asshole like a good girl, mascara running down her face. Tawny teen Bonnie Rotten and milky-skinned sex bomb Krysta Kaos are two anally eager punkette goddesses; they share Mike’s prick in a twisted, raunchy FFM threesome of face fucking and anal gaping. Gorgeous, big-assed darling Brittany Lynn puts her mouth and asshole to their best use, and enjoys a spermy reward. And for some undecorated flesh, there’s an epic, ass-expanding bonus butt bang with the lovely and super-slutty Seda. These bitches are true artists! If you’re into hard-core, down-for-anything sexual rebels, check out the illustrated backdoor beauties of “Tattooed Anal Sluts #2”!


 
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=1zekeyeeff.jpg
 
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=1zekeyeebb.jpg


cd1 
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=w7qfmbwa1.jpg

cd2 
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=mx6arb0y2.jpg

