Hannibal S01E06 XviD [JKS]
-	
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 720x404
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 29.97 fps
-
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
-
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
-
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 06
Title: Entrée  Directed by: Michael Rymer  Story Written by: Kai Yu Wu  Teleplay Written by: Kai Yu Wu and Bryan Fuller  Original air date: May 2, 2013
.
A nurse at the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane is murdered by a patient, Dr. Abel Gideon (Eddie Izzard), who begins taking credit for a series of murders perpetrated by the "Chesapeake Ripper", who hasn't committed a murder in two years, the same number of years Gideon has been incarcerated. While Graham tries to discover whether Gideon truly is the Ripper, Crawford receives a phone call, apparently from the real Ripper, which plays the recorded voice of Miriam Lass (Anna Chlumsky), a trainee Crawford had consulting on the Chesapeake Ripper case two years previously when she suddenly disappeared. Bloom and Crawford make a deal with Freddie Lounds to write a story about Gideon, hoping to provoke the real Ripper to make himself visible. Later, Crawford receives another phone call, which they trace to an old observatory, where they find Miriam's cell phone clutched in the hand of a severed arm. A final flashback reveals Miriam's fate: she visits Dr. Lecter to ask about an old patient, Jeremy Olmstead, whom he had come into contact with when working as an ER attendant, who has turned up as the latest Ripper victim. While Lecter excuses himself, Miriam finds one of his sketches of the Wound Man, which precisely matches the manner in which Olmstead was murdered. Lecter sneaks up on her from behind and knocks her unconscious. Dr. Hannibal Lecter is the real Chesapeake Ripper.
