My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 10

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 2 - Personal trainers

Luke and Scott are on a health crusade, hoping to spread the word about how a wholesome lifestyle doesn't need to be flavour-free.

"We want to get out of the park and get into a position where we can spread our word," says personal trainer Luke, 29. "We believe in a long-term, holistic lifestyle of health."

The park he's referring to is a little corner of Bondi where both men trained their respective clients, but never spoke to each other.

Then three years ago, explains Scott, 36, "I split up with my wife and started going to a Bondi cafe╠ü where no-one knew me. I saw Luke and recognised him from the park and we got talking. BeingΓÇ¿ a trainer, if you work for yourself it can be quite lonely. So we talked industry, clients, used each other as a sounding board."

And then the two realised they not only had a love of physical fitness and nutrition, but good, tasty food as well. "We really loved clean, healthy food. We loved knowing where it came from, that it was good for you," says Luke. "We thought about combining forces with our knowledge of living a healthy lifestyle and we started talking about food and began cooking together and experimenting."

Adds Scott, "There's so much crap out there masquerading as info, it's really confusing for Joe Blow. I'd love to have a nutrition re-education crusade in the way of Jamie Oliver."

Scott, who was brought up in London where his mum and dad ran pubs, knows about re-education of sorts. Life has dealt him some blows. Six years ago, he was helping a colleague dig a backyard swimming pool when he ruptured a spinal disc.

"I used to run everywhere, bike everywhere, and I'm still so frustrated. It flares up every now and then. Sometimes I find ΓÇ¿it really hard to deal with. For someone like me, who's all about being physical ... well, I've learned to be patient with myself."

Especially as he's a dad to Tashi, four, of whom he has shared custody, and a black lab called Bailey who also requires attention.

Luke, who is the youngest of four boys in a German-Dutch family, shares the same enthusiasm for life and is involved ΓÇ¿in surf life lifesaving, competitive ocean swimming and surfing.
He hopes the Australian public will embrace their food philosophy. "It would be great to show Australia that you can cook healthy food and have it taste nice," he says. "We'd like to have a presence online where people can go to get exercise and nutritional plans."

