Adobe Photoshop CC 14.0 Final Multilingual + Patch

Creative Cloud

Adobe Photoshop CC 14.0 Final Multilingual

Creative Cloud


Adobe Photoshop CC - a program for processing raster graphics. Supports numerous graphic formats. Adobe Photoshop allows you to create new images and edit them. Photoshop used to create photorealistic images to work with color scanned images, retouching, color correction, transformation of graphs, color separation, etc. Adobe Photoshop has all the methods of working with bitmaps, in this case is to work with layers and uses contours. The program is the undisputed leader among professional graphic editors due to its widest possibilities, high efficiency andAdobe Photoshop provides all the necessary tools for correcting, editing, preparing images for printing and high quality output. 


New features in Photoshop CC are listed below:
NEW Easier by Photoshop. Photoshop ® CC part of Creative Cloud ™. 

NEW The new "Smart Sharpen". 

NEW Intelligent increasing sampling. Increase the low resolution image for use in print or image to the size of the average quality of the billboard or poster. A new feature allows you to keep up-sampling detail and sharpness without making noise.

NEW Variable rectangles with rounded corners. This is one of the most requested features. Now you can change the size of the figures, as well as edit them, both before and after its creation. You can even change the radius of the corners of rectangles. If the figure is intended to be placed on a web page, you can export data from the CSS file in order to save time.

NEW Image Stabilization camera. Take photos even a moving camera. If the picture is blurry due to the slow shutter speed or a large focal length, the function "Image Stabilization Camera" analyzes the trajectory and restores sharpness.

NEW Improved drawing of three-dimensional objects. When working with three-dimensional objects and textures to create interactive maps of the preview can now be up to 100 times faster. Thanks to the powerful mechanism of drawing in Photoshop, you can create stunning three-dimensional model.

NEW Copy attributes CSS. When creating a web design code manually, you can always create elements such as rounded corners or color corresponding to the original. Photoshop can now create CSS code for the specific design elements. You only need to copy and paste the code into your web editor to get the desired result.

NEW Conditional action. Automate routine operations using conventional machining operations. To automatically select the different actions based on the rules you create in these commands are used instructions if / then.

NEW Improved panel «3D-scene." With the ease of changing from two-dimensional to three-dimensional editing thanks to the panel «3D-scene", which contains a set of parameters familiar to you, with whom you have worked before in the "Layers", such as "Duplicate", "Create an instance", "Groups" and "Delete".

NEW features that help save time. Reduce time spent on routine tasks, thanks to the small, but very user-friendly features, users are asked to realize that. Quickly create contours with new keyboard shortcuts, mouse, move the contours of space, include ICC profiles in formats PNG, and more.

NEW Improved 3D-effects. Shadows and reflections can turn your 3D-illustration of a masterpiece, and interactive preview images of higher quality will create memorable works even faster. In addition, you can now easily create glow effects, stage lighting, as well as highlighting the reliefs and textures of higher quality.

NEW Import colors from the web files. Import the color samples directly from files HTML, CSS and SVG. Change these samples as you wish or just use the ready-made color schemes are based on an existing web content.

NEW System font smoothing. With the parameter, which smoothes the corresponding smoothing that is implemented on the Mac or Windows ®, you can now create realistic previews that allow you to see how a font will look on your web pages.

Camera Shake Reduction
Quickly restore sharpness to images blurred by camera motion, whether the blur was caused by a slow shutter speed or long focal length. With Camera Shake Reduction, you can make your shots steady - even if your hands aren't.

