Aiseesoft DVD Audio Ripper

Aiseesoft DVD Audio Ripper is the best DVD to Audio Ripper and DVD Audio Extractor, which can rip DVD to the most popular audio formats including MP3, MP2, M4A, WMA, WAV, OGG, AAC, AC3, AIFF, AMR, AU, FLAC, etc. The ripped audio files can be played on all popular MP3 players like iPod, iPod nano, iPod shuffle, Sansa, Zune, PSP, iPhone, iRiver, Archos, Creative Zen etc. and mobile phones.

You can also trim any segment of DVD and rip it to audio. In the process of converting, you can select target subtitle and audio track according to your need.

-Rip DVD to MP3, WMA, AAC, WAV, etc. audio
-Trim DVD and adjust output settings
-User-friendly interface

Key Feature of DVD Audio Ripper:

Extract audio from DVD
Extract audio from DVD to other popular audio formats
Aiseesoft DVD Audio Ripper can rip DVD to the most popular audio formats ΓÇö AAC, AC3, AIFF, AMR, AU, FLAC, MP3, M4A, MP2, OGG, WAV, WMA, etc.
Support all portable media players
This DVD to Audio Riper application support most popular MP3 player - iPod, iPhone, iPad, Sansa, Zune, PSP, iRiver, Archos, Creative Zen etc. and mobile phones.

Edit the output audio
Merge DVD clips into one file
Aiseesoft DVD Audio Ripper enables you to merge different DVD clips together and rip them to a single audio file.
Trim DVD
You could trim any segment of DVD you want by accurately setting start time and end time or just dragging the slider bar. Then you can rip your favorite segment to audio file.

Adjust parameters
Set output audio parameters
This DVD Audio Ripper allows you to adjust detailed audio settings, such as Audio Encoder, Audio Channels, Sample Rate, and Audio Bitrate. You can save all settings as ΓÇ£User-DefinedΓÇ¥ profile for your later use.
Select audio track
Aiseesoft DVD Audio Ripper allows you to select audio track from the drop-down list for your output file.

High-speed and easy-to-use DVD Audio Ripper
Preview video and snapshot
You can preview both the source DVD file with the built-in player. Also you can capture your favorite frame and save it as an image.
Easy to use
The user-friendly interface could make all operations so easy that a few clicks can finish the conversion.
High speed
This DVD Audio Ripper could provide you with the highest DVD to audio conversion speed.

System Requirements of DVD Audio Ripper:

OS Supported: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP and Windows Vista, Windows 7
Hardware Requirements: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above; 512MB RAM or more

Homepage: http://www.aiseesoft.com/dvd-audio-ripper.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
