FotoWorks XL 2013

Photo Editing Software
Now you can edit your digital photos and graphics very easy with the Photo Software "FotoWorks XL 2013". The extensive functions of the imaging software are clearly arranged for easy handling.

The imaging software provides extensive image editing and printing functions as well as batch processing. 

Convince yourself and test the photo imaging software FotoWorks XL 2013 now for free. The simple and professional photo editing software FotoWorks XL 2013,

Photo Editing Software- Functions:

Photo Editing 
Preview Original and edited picture
Batch processing for editing and saving
Brightness photo editing software
Color and Contrast Correction
Sepia Effekts photo editing software
Black and White Effects
Color Correction RGB photo imaging software
Rotate and Flip pictures
Remove Red Eyes
Sharpen / Blur
Cut and Crop Pictures

Effects
Split-Light
Relief
Shear
Plasma
Posterize
Poster-Effect
Blur
Noise Color
Noise Mono
Movement
Mosaic
Twist
Fisheye
Red
Green
Blue
XRed
XGreen
XBlue
Ripple tooth

Import from digital camera
Import your pictures from your camera
Read EXIF datas of the camera

Morphing
Included Morphing Effect for funny pictures

Prepare Photographic Paper
Choose your favourite size
9 x 13 cm
10 x 15 cm
13 x 18 cm
20 x 30 cm

Texts
Insert Texts in a multiline format
Pick color of Text with pipettev 

Draw / Retouch / Airbrush
Choose your favorite brush form, size and color or pick the color with the pipette.

Print Picture in Picture
With Mask Effects
Several Formats with hard and soft Borders
Import of transparent or rotated Pictures
Choose correct order of pictures by yourself

Insert Cliparts
Insert transparent or rotated Cliparts
Choose correct order of Cliparts by yourself

Insert Symbols and Lines
choose Symbols like ΓÇô Circle, Triangle, Pentagon, Star or Line
select any color you like
freely selectable line width and borders
Import of transparent or rotated Symbols
define correct order of Symbols by yourself

Create collage / Design Presentations - Photo Collage Maker
design new Presentations by using Pictures, Symbols, Text and Cliparts, Collages

Convert Picture - Convert Image
Convert pictures to the formats: BMP, GIF, TIF, TIFF, JPG, JPEG with batchprocessing

Colors of the Program
Pick your favourite background color of the program

Better quality of Pictures
Manipulate your pictures without loss = better results

Addons free Download
New Borders
New Cliparts
New Masks

Autom Check for Updates
fotoWORKS XL 2012 checks for Updates automatically
Updates are for free

Advanced printpreview
Print Preview with Thumbnails and Stand alone Pictures
Settings of Printer, Zoom and Page possible

Print Calendar calendar 2009 calendar 2010 calendar 2011...
Print Calendars with your own Pictures and choose several Layouts for different years

Star Cut/ Life-sized Poster Printing - Photo Crop
Print your Posters life-sized or up to a size of 4 x 4 m
Stick the detail sites to one big poster or wallpaper.

Send pictures by Email
All Pictures were automatically converted and send by email
Three Picture Sizes for including in email available

Print Photo Album
Print your Photo Album with Title, Text Descriptions, Borders, Shadows, Footer and Date

System Requirements:

Operating system: Microsoft Windows 98 / 98SE / ME / 2000 / XP / Vista / 7 / 8 32Bit & 64Bit
Min resolution: 1024x768 Pixel
RAM: 512 MB
Min. processor: 1 GHz
Min. free diskspace: 80 MB

Homepage: http://www.in-mediakg.com/software/fotoworksxl/photo-editing-software.shtml

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register program with any information if asked.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.