Flex your speed modeling muscles using 3ds Max Learn to speed model in 3ds Max, with an emphasis on hard surfaces Up to date coverage, covering 3ds Max 2013 features Focused explanations with step-driven practical lessons balance learning and action In Detail Production of 3D art is an exciting medium, but the task of modeling requires intense attention to detail, so speed and efficiency are vital. This book breaks down speed modeling workflow in 3ds Max into stages you can easily achieve, with a focus on hard surface modeling and methods you can apply to your own designs. "3ds Max Speed Modeling for Games" will help level up your 3D modeling skills. It focuses on hard surface modeling, and shows the range of tools and techniques in 3ds Max 2013. This book shows content creation methods aimed at 3ds Max modelers preparing to show their skill to the industry. The key feature of modeling that artists must exhibit is speediness while preserving technical accuracy. The author helps you follow set project guidelines while pushing creativity and outlines the entire workflow from concept development to exporting a game-ready model. The book begins with introductions for new users to the interface and modeling tools, and progresses to topics aimed at users already familiar with 3ds Max, who want to improve their content creation process. YouΓÇÖll also see ways 3ds Max content is used with other applications, like sculpting software and game editors, and learn features of speed modeling, efficient workflow, re-use of content, and tips on getting more done, more quickly. By the end of this book you will have learned key topics in modeling, ready to face professional level work with elan. What you will learn from this book Modeling processes using the Ribbon Ways to create a customized UI for accessing modeling tools faster Modeling using modifiers and deformations UV mapping and topology effect readiness for sculpting How to work with GoZ and ZBrush Procedures for painting models using Viewport Canvas Concepts of game-readiness Retopology and polygon reduction methods Easy rigging, skinning and animation walk-throughs Gain fluency in UV mapping and texture creation How to render and present your models for your folio Approach Step by step illustrated tutorials are supported by a focused commentary. The examples are designed to proceed from starting to model through model finishing to putting models to work within projects and presentation. The book shows both - the entire flow of asset creation and granular methodology. Who this book is written for This book will appeal to anyone interested in 3D modeling who wants to improve their speed modeling ability, particularly artists whose work is relevant to industries where hard surface modeling or model prototyping is required, such as games, films, or visualization. 