Windows Firewall Control is a nifty little application which extends the functionality of the Windows Firewall and provides quick access to the most frequent options of Windows Firewall. It runs in the system tray and allows user to control the native firewall easily without having to waste time by navigating to the specific part of the firewall. This is the best tool to manage the native firewall from Windows 8, Windows 7 and Windows Vista. Windows Firewall Control offers four filtering modes which can be switched with just a mouse click:

High Filtering - All outbound and inbound connections are blocked. This setting blocks all attempts to connect to and from your computer.
Medium Filtering - Outbound connections that do not match a rule are blocked. Only programs you allow can initiate outbound connections.
Low Filtering - Outbound connections that do not match a rule are allowed. The user can block the programs he don't want to initiate outbound connections.
No Filtering - Windows Firewall is turned off. Avoid using this setting unless you have another firewall running on your computer.

Program Features
√  Just one small executable file. All features are packed in the same file.
√  Intuitive and easy accessible interface in the system tray.
√  Full support with standard user accounts.
√  Possibility to create temporary rules.
√  Disable the ability of other programs to add Windows Firewall rules.
√  Multiple and easier ways of creating new rules in Windows Firewall.
√  Full support of creating, modifying and deleting Window Firewall rules.
√  Lock feature which can disable the access to the settings of the program.
√  Shell integration into the right click context menu of the executable files.
√  Search for invalid rules with the possibility to delete them.
√  Search for executable files through folders and create new rules in seconds.
√  View recently blocked connections and create new rules from the log.
√  Choose if you want the program to start at user logon.
√  Import and export the settings of the program.
√  Protection to unauthorized uninstallation.
√  Possibility to restore previous settings at uninstallation.
√  And many more. Just try it out.

System Requirements
√  Microsoft .NET Framework version 4.0
√  Compatible with all 32bit and 64bit versions of Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008. Windows XP is not supported.
√  Windows Firewall service is required to be enabled for Windows Firewall Control to run.
√  DNS Client service is required to be enabled for the notifications to work properly.

What's new in version 3.9.0.2 (14.02.2013)

- Fixed: User settings are not persisted if the user uses the updater to update to
a new version: Manage Rules position, columns order and visibility, etc.
- Fixed: The recommended rules from the previous version prevented Windows Update
to check for new updates.
- Fixed: When the user checks for updates, the download complete message appears
before finishing the download and if the user tries to execute the file, it is still
incomplete.
- Fixed: The result dialog after creating a new rule from the Control Panel is
displayed randomly on the screen instead of the Control Panel window.
- Improved: When creating a new rule, the file name is displayed in front of the name
from the assembly. They were switched for a better readability. 

                     - Installation -


Install and run keygen and enter activation id from program..
