VeryPDF DWG to Vector Converter

VeryPDF DWG to Vector Converter is a Windows-based application designed to provide users an easy and convenient way to convert AutoCAD files such as DWG files and DXF files, to PDF or vector image files in the formats like WMF, SWF, EMF, PS, SVG, EPS, XPS, HPGL, and PCL.
Specify Page Size, Resolution and Fonts

Key Features

Support various output formats
DWG to Vector Converter can convert CAD files to vector files of WMF, SWF, EMF, PS, SVG, EPS, XPS, HPGL, and PCL. It also support export CAD files to PDF files. With this application, you can easily save your CAD files in multiple file formats.

Set color mode and page property
DWG to Vector Converter supports color and black-and-white color modes to save output vector files. It also can set page width and height in the unit of point. You may also set the print resolution in DPI for created vector images.

No need for other CAD software
DWG to Vector Converter is independent of any CAD application, and you may convert your CAD files without installing any CAD application.

Features:

Input file formats: AutoCAD file formats like DWG and DXF.
Output file formats: PDF, and regular vector image formats including WMF, SWF, EMF, PS, SVG, EPS, XPS, HPGL, PCL, etc.
Support batch conversion.
Support general output setting like color mode setting.
Support advanced output setting like font setting, resolution setting, and page size setting.
Show the progress of conversion in the interface.
Automatically open the result file after conversion.
Show the output folder when conversion is finished.
The interface is interactive and user friendly.
Independent application which does not require AutoCAD or other CAD software installed on the computer.
Create a vector file for each view within a CAD file.
Append no affix to filenames for single page files.
Automatically show the folder when the conversion is finished.

System Requirements:

Windows 2000 / XP / Server 2003 / Vista / Server 2008 / 7 / 8 of both 32 and 64-bit.

Homepage: http://www.verypdf.com/dwg-to-vector/index.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use Keygen to get Valid serial for registering application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.