All Astral Quest Episodes from Season 1.


Season 1 Episode 1 - 12-02-12 - Demi Gods, Fallen Angels & Activated Humans - 1/2
Season 1 Episode 1 - 12-02-12 - Demi Gods, Fallen Angels & Activated Humans - 2/2

Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 2 - 12-16-12 - Awakening The Inner Child

Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 3 - 12-30-12 - High Resolutions
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 4 - 01-13-13 - Beyond 5 Senses
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 5 - 01-27-13 - The Spirit Worlds - 1/2
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 5 - 01-27-13 - The Spirit Worlds - 2/2
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 6 - 02-10-13 - The Body Identified
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 7 - 02-24-13 - The Archonic Template
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 8 - 03-10-13 - Interference
Astral Quest - Season 1 Episode 9 - 03-24-13 - The Keys to The Innerverse
Astral Quest - Post Season 1 - 04-07-13 - Self Substantiation
Astral Quest - Post Season 1 - 04-21-13 - Masters of The Innerverse





What is Astral Quest?
Astral Quest is the first virtual and real world simulator for Ascension. We will do our best to explain the ideas enveloped in Astral Quest however we do ask you to keep in mind Astral Quest is an experience and often takes seeing and experiencing to believe.
 
Since this is just an introduction we will not get in to the vast Innerverse of Astral Quest right away. The purpose of this dossier is to inform you of the condition of your Mind, Body, and Soul in the Universe in real-time. Astral Quest is not a game in the sense that most games have very little if any applicable use in the real world. It is true that it has been said that virtual reality games can assist a person in learning how to operate in Lucid Sleep but no game has been designed to specifically target this and many more real abilities until now.
 
In order to accomplish this it was imperative that we move such concepts in to the real world designing a multi-platform that will allow the User to Level Up by gaining the Knowledge, Wisdom, Support, and Tools necessary to reach the next stage of their own person Journey.
 
As an example Astral Quest features real trips to certain places that are known to open Chakras, when a Seeker cannot reach this location a Leveled Up Adept can send them a Stone from this location. When this stone is placed on the proper Chakra it will have the same effect as visiting the location. The Seeker then keeps the Stone until another requires it.
 
Astral Quest is not only physical it is also Virtual linking you up with thousands of true aspirants to spirituality on various levels. This allows you to find not only those who have gained a great deal of experience and can assist you, but also friends that can relate exactly to how you feel. Soul Groups are easily united on such platforms and this takes a great deal of wasted time out of the equation.
 
Again, I am only revealing a small fraction of what Astral Quest consists of, it is guaranteed to be the most rewarding Gem for those who choose to give themselves the opportunity. What is most important is to begin the Quest today with the preliminary phases of the Journey.
 
The Crash Landed Ship
It is know that you have several Bodies but we will talk mainly of the three. The physical Body, the Soul, and the Mind. These bodies are called vehicles. We use the term vehicles because each body can be used to travel through a different plane. You use your physical body to walk or run about this plane. You use your spirit body to astral travel and you use your mind to dream.
 
The current stage of humanity and most beginners of Astral Quest is their ship has crash landed and they are in bad need of repairs. You can visualize what has arrived is a holographic manual that can instruct you on how to make repairs.
 
The Soul
The Soul is constantly learning and growing from every experience, it is Immortal and cannot suffer destruction by fire or water it can only remain confined for a moment in time to a vessel such as the body for experience. The Soul is our core energy source, when the Mind through suggestion, experience, and programming has accepted death the Soul is briefly imploded and begins life anew with a fresh start. The Mind is the Souls only opponent because it can temporarily convince the Soul that it is the Body or even that it is the Mind. This is how one has crashed the Soul.
 
The Mind

The Mind is generally connected to a collective system or nuero network of all other Minds that share the same frequency or components. The Mind is full of many nodes, lobes, and receptors that sync up and localize themselves to the environment. The Mind is responsible for phase locking, focusing, and triangulating our psyche in order to anchor us to this frequency we call Earth. There are several consciences resident in the brain including a Bird, Reptile, and Mammal. Because of this the Mind constantly receives and deciphers information to its best ability. In the event that the Mindis fed Junk Information or Disinformation it conflicts with various components of its own subconscious and thus short circuit burning out the Corpus Callipsum. This is how one has crashed the Mind
 
The Body 
The Body is wholly comprised of the indigenous animals along with the flora and fauna that are genetically transmitted to the person through their mother's womb. Much of the work on the designs of physical bodies human and animal is recent in comparison to the Hive Minds and Oversouls which span through non linear Spaces. Due to its being directly subject to physicality the Body being extremely inferior to the Mind and the Soul takes the most abuse and has a greater potential of crashing the entire system. In short the Body takes orders from the Mind and Soul, when not given the proper orders and allowed to become sluggish it can and will drag down the Seeker.
 
From the Inside Out
A major part of Astal Quest is internal, it does begin in the Innerverse or inside of you. It requiers that you gain proper innerstanding before embarking on assisting others. It is a rule of thumb that you cannot assists others properly if you are yourself in need of great assistance. You must first repair yourself and then head in to the Quest fully charged up with all perceptive filters cleaned.
  
The Awakening means coming in to the awareness of something you have been asleep to. What have we been asleep to?