The Fosters is a drama about a multi-ethnic family of foster and biological kids being raised by two moms. Stef Foster, a dedicated police officer, and her partner Lena Adams, a school Vice Principal, have built a close-knit, loving family with Stef's biological son from a previous marriage, Brandon, and their adopted twins, Mariana and Jesus. 

Their lives are disrupted in unexpected ways when Lena meets Callie, a hardened teen with an abusive past who has spent her life in and out of foster homes. Lena and Stef warily welcome Callie into their home thinking it's just for a few weeks, until a more permanent placement can be found. Callie is quick to observe that the Fosters are an atypical family, and her blunt commentary hits a nerve with Jesus and Mariana who are struggling with their own identities. The twins have the opportunity to meet their birth mother, but they aren't sure if they are emotionally ready, or if they want to share the experience with their adoptive moms. Callie also discovers that Mariana is harboring a secret that could land her in serious trouble. Brandon, a talented musician with a kind soul, lends Callie a hand in navigating the classrooms and social scene at the Fosters' high school, Anchor Beach Community Charter School. He's faced with a tough decision when Callie decides to ditch school to reconnect with someone from her past. What happens next will determine if Stef and Lena made the right choice in taking a chance on Callie, and whether they have room in their home - and their hearts - for one more. 

The Fosters stars Teri Polo, Sherri Saum, Jake T. Austin, Hayden Byerly, David Lambert, newcomer Maia Mitchell, Danny Nucci and Cierra Ramirez. 

 
                       Episode.......: s01 e01                             
                       Air Date CA...: 3 June 2013
                       Air Date US...: 3 June 2013
                       Channel CA....: ABC Spark
                       Channel US....: ABC Family
                       Release Date..: 4 June 2013
                       Release Size..: 1.28 GB
                       Play Time.....: 43.35
                       Resolution....: 1280x720
                       Video Codec...: h264
                       Video Bitrate.: ~ 4MB/s
                       Subtitles.....: English
                       Audio Codec...: AC3 5.1
                       Audio Bitrate.: 384 kbps
 
                    http://www.abcspark.ca/shows/fosters  
                
               http://beta.abcfamily.go.com/shows/the-fosters