
Star Wars XXX Porn Parody: 

A long time ago in a parody far, far away...

Award-winning director Axel Braun teamed up with adult powerhouse Vivid Entertainment to film the most ambitious porn ever made.

Will Leia succumb to the darkside of the force? Will Han shoot first? Will Chewy get lucky? You will get all the answers, and much, much more in the adult movie event of the year, STAR WARS XXX: A Porn Parody.

May the farce be with you!

“Star Wars” is a tale about many things, the original trilogy reaching cult status very quickly, but initially focusing on how a small group of rebels defeated a galactic empire, the political allegories, subplots of personal redemption, and threads of destiny itself all combining to make legions of fans obsess over minute details, this version of the tale sticking to the first released chapter of the epic saga (though re-titling it “A New Hole” and starting off right away setting the tone of the parody as just that, a parody, rather than stick too obsessively with mimicking the original and adding sex as so many of Axel’s peers do all the time. My original concern that the whole thing would have a solemn tone to it cast aside, I sat back to enjoy this XXX version that seemed to mine elements from a mainstream Star Wars parody, “Spaceballs”, but not go quite so far overboard in the process. Even the casting showed an attempt to get a good crew in, not just pick popular performers that can’t act worth a shit, a decided departure for the genre in a field where no one knows who will make it past the first day when something bigger, better, flashier, or a more immediate source of cash comes along to distract those in the industry.

    Scene 1. Allie Haze, Lexington Steele
    Scene 2. Jennifer White, Tom Byron
    Scene 3. Aiden Ashley, Kimberly Kane
    Scene 4. Gia DiMarco, Rihanna Rimes, Danny Wylde, Derrick Pierce
    Scene 5. Brandy Aniston, Eve Laurence, Hef Pounder
    Scene 6. Allie Haze, Rocco Reed, Seth Gamble


Length 2 hrs. 32 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Feb 20 2012
Production Year 2011
Studio  Vivid

Actresses:
    Aiden Ashley [LezOnly]
    Allie Haze [Facial IR]
    Brandy Aniston [Anal Facial A2M]
    Eve Laurence [Facial]
    Gia DiMarco
    Jennifer White [Anal Facial]
    Kimberly Kane [LezOnly]
    Rihanna Rimes [Facial]
    NonSex Performers
    Jennifer Dark
    Kylie Ireland
    Lily Cade
    Lizzy London
    Rylie Richman

Actors:
    Danny Wylde
    Derrick Pierce
    Hef Pounder (as Dick Chibbles)
    Lexington Steele
    Rocco Reed
    Seth Gamble
    Tom Byron

    NonSex Performers:
    Andy Appleton
    Belial
    Benjamin Airey
    Brian Street Team
    Eli Cross (as Brynn Pryor)
    Chi Chi LaRue
    Joe Spewgemante
    Kris Kelvin
    Kris Slater
    Kyle Stone
    Marcus London
    Nick Danger
    Peter O Tool
    Ryan Driller
    Ryan McLane
    Shylar Cobi
    Tommy Gunn
    Tommy Pistol
    William Bibbiani

