Elements of Discovery Module. Presented by the Kathara Team.

The Kathara Team has gathered information from over 27 different workshop presentations and Azurite Press Source materials to put together, in linear sequence, this magnificent body of information. Presenting 4 Classes of Subject Matter in 4 different class presentations, all grouped together in one product, allows for greater understanding into the current events of this ever changing Stellar Activation Cycle.

This product is suggested as a key part of the integration process to allow the student an opportunity to understand major components that have shaped the destiny of the human race and set in motion the need for the current Evac Technologies, which continue to be presented through the Sliders Workshops. If we desire to understand what the human race is facing in our current reality, we must have an understanding of key components which bring all of the puzzle pieces together to allow us to view a larger picture of the hidden drama our planet and all races are in the middle of.

Class 1 begins with 15-DIMENSIONAL ANATOMY which brings into focus Key Components of the Divine Creation Process. In order to understand our place in the universe, we must have some basic understanding of how creation occurs and how we are connected to creation itself. By understanding the anatomy of the system we are experiencing within, we can begin to remember our connection to the hologram, we call reality, as well as our connection to Source. Also includes the personal 15 Dimensional Anatomy, key aspects of how that is created and how our personal anatomy is intricately connected and influenced by all of creation. Includes: the Stair Step Creation process, Reality Fields, The Holographic Template, Kathara 12-Tree Grid, Hova Bodies, Axi-A-tonal Lines, Meridians, Chakras and Hara Line.

Class 2 continues the expansion process with a presentation of EXPLORING THE GOD WORLDS. Once we can begin to remember the structure of our own anatomy and the system we are experiencing within, it then becomes important to gain a larger understanding of the larger energetic structures that Source creates to experience It Self. Understanding this structure allows us to get a better view of what it means to "be in heaven". Where is heaven and how do we get there? Is it just wishful thinking or is there really such a place. By the end of this presentation, we can begin to remember the absolute beauty of creation and the precise detail through which Source Eternally creates the process of manifestation and Ascension. We can remember that Ascension is not just something that we "hope" occurs but that it is something that is an organic process of the creation process itself and something that is "suppose" to occur for all life forms. Includes: Order, Intelligence, and Consciousness, Rules and Balances, Unifying the Polarities, The Ecka Maps, Veca and Ecka Code Lock Keys, The God-Worlds Multiplying, Radial Bodies and Eckasha God-Seed.

Class 3 addresses information on the Cosmic Clock. The Cosmic Clock entails understanding Time Cycles and the different time cycles that occur naturally as part of reality fields, within the Time Matrix. Through understanding the interwoven time cycles of creation we can remember how things connect together, within the larger structure of our universe and the time matrix itself. This entails understanding of the Stair Step Creation Process, or how the energy of Source steps Itself down, to allow for manifestation to occur. Time Cycles explain the realities of Time Portals and how something like movement through space and time is quite possible. Includes: Time Cycles of our Planetary System, The Monadic Code, StarBorn and StarBurst Cycles, Time Flux, Arc of the Covenant Gate System StarFire and the Hub Worlds, StarFire Cycle and Expedited TakEyon Cycle Reset, The ManU  Window, Portals and Star Gates.

Class 4 brings it all together through understanding of THE KRYSTAL RIVER PRAYER. Discover what it means that we are currently on a mission of preparing to Evac as much life form as possible from the Time Matrix before the Krystal River Host can no longer hold, after 2230AD. Discover WHO is assisting us in this most crucial time and cross roads for the continued evolution of the human race and exactly WHERE the Krystal River Frequencies are coming from and how they are HOSTING not only planet earth but the Entire Milky Way Galaxy. Where are we now, in the larger structure we call creation and Where Are We Going? Will the potential for Ascension remain for the human race? All of this and much more can be understood through integration of this class presentation. Includes: What is the Krystal River Prayer, Preparing for Ascension into the Edons, Source of the Krystal River, Krystal River Councils, the Tri-Matrix Krystal River Co-operative, AdonA and EyanA Councils, The Eieyani, Our Connection to the Councils, Our Connection to the Krystal River Frequency, The Aurora Councils, Bhendi Councils, The Entrustment.
