Hannibal S01E03 XviD [JKS]
-	
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 640x360
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 23 fps
-
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
-
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
-
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 03
Title: Potage  Directed by: David Slade  Story Written by: David Fury  Teleplay Written by: David Fury, Chris Brancato and Bryan Fuller  Original air date: April 18, 2013
.
Abigail Hobbs wakes up from her coma. Graham suspects that the "Minnesota Shrike" killed eight girls, but not the last one that was a victim of a copycat; he suspects the copycat was the one that called Hobbs. Blogger Freddie Lounds meets the brother of the impaled girl and reveals to him that Abigail Hobbs is out of the hospital. Lecter and Graham take Abigail to her home, where she and her neighbour Marissa were confronted by the brother of the impaled girl. Next day Abigail is taken to the cabin where Marissa is found impaled. In her house, Abigail finds the hair of the murdered girls inside a pillow and inadvertently kills the brother of the impaled girl in a way that cannot be seen as self-defense. Lecter helps her cover-up the murder, after which Abigail concludes it was Lecter who made the call to her father, but is blackmailed by Lecter to keep his secret in exchange for hiding her murder.
