Moxy - Moxy II [1976]





01. Cause There's Another  
02. Take It Or Leave It  
03. Through The Storm  
04. One More Heartbreak  
05. Slippin'Out  
06. Midnight Flight  
07. Change In My Life  
08. Tryin'Just For You  
09. Wet Suit 





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Moxy was a Canadian hard rock and heavy metal band, formed in Toronto, Ontario, in 1974, from previous members of the rock group Leigh Ashford ΓÇö which included singer Douglas "Buzz" Shearman (former teen singer of Sherman & Peabody) alongside Greg Godovitz of Fludd & Goddo and Gil Moore (later of Triumph), Earl Johnson (former member of King Biscuit Boy), Bill Wade (former member of Outlaw Music and Brutus under the alias Hally Hunter that also included Gino Scarpelli of Goddo) and Terry Juric, (former member of Outlaw Music) as Leigh Ashford.[2] The group changed its name to Moxy in late 1974. This name change was accompanied by a change in the group's sound. Buddy Caine a former band mate of Earl Johnson was added to the group in 1975.

Moxy toured extensively in Canada before having a hit in late 1975 with "Can't You See I'm A Star". Moxy then toured the United States on the strength of their radio airplay. Markets in which the band was very popular included Ontario, Chicago, St. Louis, Detroit and San Antonio. Joe Anthony, the Godfather of Rock in San Antonio on KISS-FM was largely responsible for the popularity of the band in south Texas and helped bring about their first headline appearance in the U.S in 1977, appearing with AC/DC as their opening act.[unreliable source?]

Despite the death of Joe Anthony, the Moxy/Texas connection has continued into the present with Moxy's hits like "Can't You See I'm A Star", "Moon Rider", "Sail On Sail Away". "Midnight Flight", "I'll Set You on Fire" and "Are You Ready" still on the daily rotation at many Texas radio stations.

Many of the guitar solos on the band's debut album were performed by guest session musician Tommy Bolin, who had previously been the lead guitarist for The James Gang and later replaced Ritchie Blackmore in Deep Purple.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After a few years of touring Moxy went from a bar band to headline concert attraction in Canada. Moxy II was recorded in the band's hometown of Toronto at Sound Stage studio with famed Aerosmith producer Jack Douglas. This a year after the first album for Canadian fans, but just three months after the reissued copy of Moxy I was released in the U.S. Moxy II received international press coverage for the band. Most reviews predicted success for the band and comparisons were made to Aerosmith, Rush and Deep Purple. Moxy II was also highly acclaimed on its release by Geoff Barton of the UK music publication Sounds (magazine), who made the album available to its readers for the special price of only ┬ú1.50. Geoff Barton would later refer to Moxy as the Canadian Zeppelin.

The fall of 1976 Moxy was touring throughout Ontario, Quebec and the Maritimes. They then toured Texas as the opening act for Black Sabbath, and Boston, except at the new Convention Center arena in San Antonio October 24, 1976, where Boston was the opening act. November 17, 1976, "Take it Or Leave It", reached No. 14 on the Top 30 CHUM AM in Toronto[ and in Texas "Midnight Flight", "Cause There's Another" and "Take it or Leave It" received heavy radio support. Moxy then toured California, Illinois and Missouri. "Cause There's Another" reached No. 16 on CHUM (AM) radio on March 26, 1977.


 
