 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://www.piczhub.com/images/130True_BoxShot.png
 
http://www.piczhub.com/images/8311.jpeg

True BoxShot 2.1.1.56 Final - SceneDL

True BoxShot is an easy tool to create quality boxshot of your software box cover. The first thing that you potential customers encounter when they meet your product is the boxshot. For many, this is the moment they decide to take a closer look at your product or search for another. Take full advantage of this first impression by presenting a professional boxshot! Why waist precious time and money on something you can easily do by yourself? Hiring a professional designer to create your 3D boxshot costs hundreds of dollars and may require updates. Now you can use True BoxShot to capture the attention of your online customers much more easier! Quality rendering, soft shadows and reflection. Everything in one tool! True BoxShot the ultimate solution to present your software box cover electronically!!

Feature :
High-quality results:
┬╖ The advanced mechanisms of True BoxShot produce boxshot images with high precision. The high quality of image filtering with sub pixel accuracy leaves no chance for fuzzy edges, making images look clean and nice. Customizable rendering options allow the selection of the resolution up to impressive 3000x3000 pixels and saving of images in a variety of popular formats, including .jpg, .bmp, .png and .gif.

Bunch of features:
┬╖ The program comes with a set of predefined templates, allowing you to create 3d images of software boxes, CD/DVD cases, screenshots, or member cards based on 2d images instantly. All of the models have adjustable width, height and depth and can be easily reshaped, rotated and moved. You can also change the perspective of an object and add some nice special effects.

Easy to use:
┬╖ Despite it's features, True BoxShot is so easy to use that anyone can obtain professional-quality results. Rendering is as simple as moving a slider. A real-time preview window provides instant feedback when you make adjustments, so you can quickly obtain the results that you want. Once you are satisfied with your adjustments, you simply Rendering a button and True BoxShot will create the output image.
┬╖ True BoxShot will give you a good deal by providing a professional image to a product. Sleek 3D boxshots will make your product stand out from similar software, so don't miss this chance!!

OS : Xp/Vista/7/8

Languange : English

Home Page - http://www.trueboxshot.com/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Do Not Launch The App
3] Copy Content from Crack Folder to Install Directory
4] Register Using Given Name and Serial
5] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL