PLEASE READ THE ENITRE DESCRIPTION BEFORE DOWNLOAD, OTHERWISE YOU WILL RUN INTO PLAYBACK ISSUES!!

TITLE: Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo (その花びらにくちずけを)
TRANSLATION: A Kiss for the Petals

GENRES: Visual Novel, Hentai, 18+, Eroge, Yuri, Shoujo Ai
LANGUAGE: Japanese
RELEASED BY: Fuguriya, Yurin Yurin
RELEASED: 2006 - 2012 (ongoing)

GAMES:

1 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo
     Released: September 29th, 2006

2 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Watashi no Ouji Sama
     Released: June 8th, 2007

3 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Anata to Koibito Tsunagi
     Released: August 3rd, 2007

4 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Anata to Koibito Tsunagi (REMAKE)
     Released: July 30th, 2010

5 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Itoshisa no Photograph
     Released: June 20th, 2008

6 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Anata wo Suki na Shiawase
     Released: August 8th, 2008

7 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Kuchibiru to Kisu de Tsubuyaite
     Released: December 19th, 2008

8 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Amakute Hoshikute Torokeru Chuu
     Released: December 25th, 2009

9 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Tenshi no Hanabira Zome
     Released: February 26th, 2010

10 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Amakute Otona no Torokeru Chuu
     Released: December 3rd, 2010

11 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Lily Platinum
     Released: November 25th, 2011

12 - Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo - Michael no Otome-tachi
     Released: November 30th, 2012

13 - Hanahira!
     Released: September 25th, 2010
     (NOTE: This game is a spinoff and is additionally made for all ages)

(GENERAL NOTE: There also exist remakes of the original Sono Hanabira as well as Watashi no Ouji Sama, but no trace of either has ever been found on the Internet.  If anyone could provide a link to either, I will construct an updated torrent to run parallel, as well as a seperate torrent for the two.)

PRE-DOWNLOAD:

1) These games are only made for Windows.  Mac users, unless you dual-boot or have a work-around, sorry in advance.  Linux users, this may work by using Wine, but I am not sure of anything at this point.  If you download it and have trouble, please post back here so that this can be accounted for in the future.

2) Ensure that you have set your system locale for non-unicode programs.  Windows users, go to Control Panel-&gt;Region and Language (for those post-XP, you need to go to Clock, Language, and Region before you go to Region and Language), click on the Administration tab, and change the system locale there.  This will require a reboot of the computer to take effect.  Linux users, you're gonna need to figure that one out on your own.

AFTER DOWNLOAD:

1) Extract each game from it's individual folder; for Windows, you most likely already have automatic ZIP file extraction through WIndows Explorer.  If not, please install the latest compatible version of 7-Zip (http://www.7-zip.org/) and use it to extract the folders.  Linux users, ensure that the unzip command is installed, then use it to extract folders.

2) All of the games, minus Michael no Otome-tachi, are ready to play out of the box.  In order to play Michael no Otome-tachi, you must mount the .iso file included in it's folder, then run the executable on the virtual disc.  For this, use your system's recommended disc image reader (e.g.: PowerISO, Daemon Tools, Virtual Clone Drive, etc.).  After following the instructions of the executable (click the top option in the boot menu, then the left option in the first install window), you can launch the game from the bot menu (click the third option down), or from a shortcut on the desktop.

PATCHING

1) I have decided to not include the patches available.  In order to download patches if available, go to http://listlessink.wordpress.com/sono-hanabira-ni-kuchizuke-wo-series/, scroll down to find the respective game, and click on the Eglish Patch/English Translation link.

2) Find each of the downloads on each page and save the patch files to the directory where the respective game is located.  Run the patch's executable, follow the instruction, and you have English.

Please do take note, as of this writing on January 20th, 2013, all the games from the first to the eight - Habahira! excluded - have released patches.  None of the remakes have a specific patch either, but the patch for the original third game also works for the remake.

I do hope you ejoy this download.

1-20-13