This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - Instant Replay (1969) [1995 Bonus Tracks]
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/518VY6M3CRL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

All Music Album Review (by Roch Parisien):

By 1969's Instant Replay, it was all over but the funeral. Peter Tork had already left the fold and the songs were little more than disjointed solo vehicles for the remaining three, combined with older unreleased tracks from the vaults. This afforded far too much rope for schmaltzy Jones ballads, although Nesmith salvages the day once again with tasty country inflections on the wistful "Don't Wait for Me" and "While I Cry." This otherwise slight collection -- for intensive Monkees fans only -- is at least beefed up by some interesting previously unreleased songs, rather than just alternate mixes.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/instant-replay-r13307

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000033E7

Track List:

01. Through The Looking Glass
02. Don't Listen To Linda
03. I Won't Be The Same Without Her
04. Just A Game
05. Me Without You
06. Don't Wait For Me
07. You And I
08. While I Cry
09. Tear Drop City
10. The Girl I Left Behind Me
11. Man Without A Dream
12. Shorty Blackwell
13. Someday Man (Bonus Track)
14. Carlisle Wheeling (Previously Unissued Alternate Version)
15. Rosemarie (Previously Unissued Early Version)
16. Smile (Previously Unissued)
17. St. Matthew (Previously Unissued Alternate Mix)
18. Me Without You (Previously Unissued Alternate Mix)
19. Through The Looking Glass (Previously Unissued Alternate Mix)
