Noticed there wasn't an x64 version of the most recent SPSS. Works with Window 8

IBM SPSS Base 21 & 16 essential add ons: Advanced Statistics, Regression and much more. No limitation on the number of variables or cases. SPSS manuals on CD, including the SPSS Brief Guide and SPSS User's Guide. See below for system requirements. This version includes all the add-ons needed for your course or dissertation! IBM SPSS Base 21 Overview, Features and Benefits Descriptive Statistics - Crosstabulations - Counts, percentages, residuals, marginals, tests of independence, test of linear association, measure of linear association, ordinal data measures, nominal by interval measures, measure of agreement, relative risk estimates for case control and cohort studies. - Frequencies - Counts, percentages, valid and cumulative percentages; central tendency, dispersion, distribution and percentile values. - Descriptives - Central tendency, dispersion, distribution and Z scores. - Descriptive ratio statistics - Coefficient of dispersion, coefficient of variation, price-related differential and average absolute deviance. - Compare means - Choose whether to use harmonic or geometric means; test linearity; compare via independent sample statistics, paired sample statistics or one-sample t test. - ANOVA and ANCOVA - Conduct contrast, range and post hoc tests; analyze fixed-effects and random-effects measures; group descriptive statistics; choose your model based on four types of the sum-of-squares procedure; perform lack-of-fit tests; choose balanced or unbalanced design; and analyze covariance with up to 10 methods. And much more than space here allows. Please Note: Technical support is limited to installation questions only, many support questions can be answered on the SPSS Support website The SPSS Statistics GradPack is available for use in the United States and Canada only



System Requirements

Desktop
IBM SPSS Statistics Client

Intel or AMD processor running at 1 gigahertz (GHz) or higher. 
1 gigabyte (GB) of RAMor more. 
900 megabytes (MB) of available hard-disk space. If you install more than one help language, 
each additional language requires 60-70 MB of disk space. 
If using physical installation media, DVD/CD drive. 
DVD/CD drive. 
XGA (1024x768) or a higher-resolution monitor. 
For connecting with IBM┬« SPSS┬« Statistics Server, a network adapter running the TCP/IP 
network protocol. 
All supported Windows OS