POtHS - Creation 67


Did God Use Evolution???




POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

POtHS - Creation - 67 - Did God Use Evolution???

Description:

Did God Use Evolution by Mike Riddle:
Too many Christians take a warm view, if not fully embrace, the godless theory of evolution. Mike, the top presenter at Answers in Genesis, shows in no uncertain terms why it is impossible for a Christian to believe in anything other than a six day creation.

Mike Riddle is President of Creation Training Initiative. Visit his website here http://www.train2equip.com/

Defending Noah and the Worldwide Flood by Mike Riddle:
What are the evidences for a worldwide flood some 5000 years ago? Is it even logical?  Mike, a former Marine officer, Microsoft Executive and decathlon champion uses awesome graphics to show you how to boldly defend the most recognized of all the Old Testament miracles.

EVOLUTION IS IMPOSSIBLE By Dr Richard Kent, MD:
the FINAL FRONTIER 
http://www.finalfrontier.org.uk
FREE CHRISTIAN TEACHING 
http://www.freechristianteaching.org
Evolution Impossible

Dr Richard Kent
The author of this web site is Dr Richard Kent, who operates out of a registered non - profit UK charity, The Final Frontier Charitable Trust, UK Registration No 1106663.
Richard is a retired medical doctor, and an ordained Christian minister.
He is interested only in promoting the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and providing free Christian evangelistic and educational material.
Richard sells no material at all, of any kind, ever.
Richard also gives Free Conferences anywhere in the world, at no cost at all to the churches or organizations involved. Please see Recommendations for Dr Richard Kent's Free Conferences


Scientific Case for the Origin of Life by Mike Riddle:
Mike puts the evolution theory to shame, clearly showing the "impossibility of the odds." Visit Mike's Equipping and Training Christians Ministry - http://train2equip.com

Why aren't the classrooms telling their students this?  Why do they illustrate disproved science, replacing the legitimate science which directly exposes the fraudulent teachings found in schools today?  Learn the 4 basic points to counter the evolution fraud here and what they've been hiding from you.  

The Signs of God's Existence:
This documentary deals with the conflict between atheism and theism in the light of modern science. The following documentary contains excerpts of unlicensed footage and images. The expose reveals how science actually verifies the existence of God while the opposing governing satanic orthodoxy remains diligent in concealing these truths from public awareness. Learn what discoveries in science affirm of our Creator, that which many in governement, science, education and the media endeavor to hide from sight.

* Please note, the remaining 12 minute conclusion was censored due to the religious aspirations to deceive listeners into the belief that Allah is the Creator. According to their book, the Qu'ran, Allah will be the antichrist as witness by many converted Muslims to Christianity. As a true Christian beleiver in service to Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, the comments were removed. But the rest of the documentary was well made, so thught it worthy to make the exception and still upload it under the mentioned censorship.

     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

