Women's Murder Club Series (1-12) by James Patterson in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Note*: All descriptions cant fit @ TPB google the names of those not there and I left the first two and latest book descriptions.


Book 1: 1st to Die (Women's Murder Club, #1) by James Patterson (January 2001)

Four women-four friends-share a determination to stop a killer who has been stalking newlyweds in San Francisco. Each one holds a piece of the puzzle: Lindsay Boxer is a homicide inspector in the San Francisco Police Department, Claire Washburn is a medical examiner, Jill Bernhardt is an assistant D.A., and Cindy Thomas just started working the crime desk of the San Francisco Chronicle.

But the usual procedures aren't bringing them any closer to stopping the killings. So these women form a Women's Murder Club to collaborate outside the box and pursue the case by sidestepping their bosses and giving one another a hand.

The four women develop intense bonds as they pursue a killer whose crimes have stunned an entire city. Working together, they track down the most terrifying and unexpected killer they have ever encountered-before a shocking conclusion in which everything they knew turns out to be devastatingly wrong.

Book 2: 2nd Chance (Women's Murder Club, #2) by James Patterson (January 2002)

A brutal madman sprays bullets into a crowd of children leaving a San Francisco church. Miraculously-or was it intentionally?-only one person dies. Then an elderly black woman is hung. Police homicide inspector Lindsay Boxer senses a connection and together with medical examiner Claire, assistant D. A. Jill, and Chronicle reporter Cindy, finds a link that sends a chill through the entire nation. This killer's motives are unspeakable.

Book 3: 3rd Degree (Women's Murder Club, #3) by James Patterson (January 2004)


Book 4: 4th of July (Women's Murder Club, #4) by James Patterson (January 2005)


Book 5: The 5th Horseman (Women's Murder Club, #5) by James Patterson (February 2006)


Book 6: The 6th Target (Women's Murder Club, #6) by James Patterson (May 2007)



Book 7: 7th Heaven (Women's Murder Club, #7) by James Patterson (February 2008)



Book 8: The 8th Confession (Women's Murder Club, #8) by James Patterson (January 2009) 



Book 9: The 9th Judgment (Women's Murder Club, #9) by James Patterson (January 2009) 


Book 10: 10th Anniversary (Women's Murder Club, #10) by James Patterson (May 2011)



Book 11: 11th Hour (Women's Murder Club, #11) by James Patterson (April 2012)



Book 12: 12th of Never (Women's Murder Club #12) by James Patterson (April 29th 2013)

It's finally time! Detective Lindsay Boxer is in labor--while two killers are on the loose.

Lindsay Boxer's beautiful baby is born! But after only a week at home with her new daughter, Lindsay is forced to return to work to face two of the biggest cases of her career.

A rising star football player for the San Francisco 49ers is the prime suspect in a grisly murder. At the same time, Lindsay is confronted with the strangest story she's ever heard: An eccentric English professor has been having vivid nightmares about a violent murder and he's convinced is real. Lindsay doesn't believe him, but then a shooting is called in-and it fits the professor's description to the last detail.

Lindsay doesn't have much time to stop a terrifying future from unfolding. But all the crimes in the world seem like nothing when Lindsay is suddenly faced with the possibility of the most devastating loss of her life.


Seed and Enjoy!