No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes, 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser,
You can even run this torrent from USB-Stick.
This makes a '1-click run' version a better version.

Genuine Registry Doctor - multifunction program for cleaning, optimization and bug fixes registry of Windows. The program allows you to remove outdated entries from the registry and temporary files Windows, clear the history of web browser (only Internet Explorer), it is possible to find duplicate files, and feature a hard disk scan for errors. Always troubled by the slow speeds, sudden crashes and a bunch of errors? Why not fix all the system errors and explore the vast potential of your PC and enjoy a more secure network environment? With Genuine Registry Doctor, you just need a couple of clicks to accomplish that! It diagnoses all your system's errors and gives you the most professional treatment. Thus you need not to take the pain to spend a large amount of money on fixing or reinstall Windows. 

Program Features:

- Solid scan and fix 
Completely scan the entire system and diagnose problems of registry, privacy, junk files and system. Genuine Registry Doctor offers you a way to fix all the errors and optimize PC system. 
- Multi-functional 
A number of built-in utilities, such as Startup Manager, Disk Cleaner, File Pulverizer, etc., Strongly enhance the performance of Genuine Registry Doctor. You just need one small free app to own all the useful functions. 
- User-friendly 
The very smooth download and installation, the clean and well-organized interface, the easy-to-understand navigation make Genuine Registry Doctor extremely easy to handle even for the novices. 
- 100% free and safe 
Genuine Registry Doctor would like to allow users to enjoy the free software, clean and safe PC environment. There is no adware, no spyware, no viruses in it, and it will never let you down. 
- Automatic protection 
Genuine Registry Doctor makes all its efforts to protect your PC and your privacy under real-time protection by its smart automatic scan and sweep function.