Kochar's Clinical Medicine for Students

Book Description
Publication Date: March 28, 2012
Thoroughly revised for its Fifth Edition, this concise textbook is ideal for medical students in internal medicine clinical clerkships. This edition's content reflects current guidelines from the Clerkship Directors in Internal Medicine and the National Board of Medical Examiners on topics necessary for this rotation. The book is a collaboration between clinical faculty at the Medical College of Wisconsin and clerkship students who have reviewed all chapters for relevance to the clerkship experience.
Editorial Reviews

Review
Doody's Book Review Service, 03-NOV-08, Vincent F. Carr, DO, MSA, FACC, FACP, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences -- "This is one of the top books available for medical students heading into their internal medicine rotations. It is a very easy read, with right-to-the-point information."-Doody's Book Review Service (Weighted Numerical Score: 97; 5 Stars) Weighted Numerical Score: 97 - 5 Stars! Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), 21-JAN-09, Volume 301, Issue 3, Victoria S.S. Wong, MD, Department of Neurology, University of California, Davis, Medical Center, Sacramento, CA -- "Kochar's Clinical Medicine for Students serves as an excellent segue for the third-year medical student who must start learning how to apply knowledge in a practical fashion on the wards. The book has 3 main sections: 'Key Manifestations and Presentations of Diseases,' 'Diseases and Disorders,' and 'Ambulatory Medicine.' By dividing the topic of internal medicine into these main categories rather than by organ system alone, the book already has a leg up on others of its kind. It prepares the medical student to recognize the common presentations of a disease and to learn about the differential diagnosis, then provides information about the diagnosis itself. The book also separates inpatient and outpatient medicine topics, providing complete overviews of each... "The extensive amount of information this book covers while maintaining its size as a relatively portable paperback is impressive. That a single book contains detailed chapters on the management of smoking cessation, the interpretation of heart sounds, and an overview of acromegaly demonstrates the panorama of clinical topics and attests to the conciseness of the book. A careful review shows that no significant topic has been left out-even sections discussing outpatient management of women's health issues, geriatrics, and orthopedic problems are appropriately included... "Kochar's Clinical Medicine for Students is both concise and complete, an excellent resource for the current medical student and for the resident in training-and perhaps a pragmatic, worthwhile review for the practicing physician."-Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA)

Product Details
File Size: 29910 KB
Print Length: 800 pages
Publisher: Lippincott Williams & Wilkins; Fifth edition (March 28, 2012)
Language: English