Learn how to make a professional website or blog on your own domain in less than a couple of hours, and learn how to do it all using the Internet's most popular Content Management System: WordPress.

No coding knowledge is required to use WordPress...if you can use Microsoft Word, you can make a professional website with WordPress (WordPress is software that is completely free).

It is all taught in step-by-step lessons in this book (with links to supporting video lessons for extra clarity - the video lessons show you the entire completion of mikeomarwebsites.com from beginning to end).

With the lessons taught in my book, you will be able to create any type of website that you want with any kind of look that you want, from personal blogs to professional business websites to e-commerce websites.

Also, included as a bonus chapter, an introduction to how to build passive income websites using WordPress, and how making money online actually works!

Here are the topics covered in my book:

TECHNICAL / SETTING UP:

    The SMARTEST and CHEAPEST way to buy a domain.
    The SMARTEST and CHEAPEST way to buy a hosting package.
    Linking your domain to your hosting account and installing WordPress.


BASICS:

    An introduction to WordPress and best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) settings for your website.
    How to add pages for regular websites.
    How to add posts for blogs. 
    How to add pictures and links. 
    How to set up a sidebar using widgets.
    How to change the look of your website with different themes. 
    How to add a contact form, plugins, and social media buttons.


ADVANCED:

    How to install Google Analytics for tracking.
    How to add "buy now" PayPal buttons.
    How to add an interactive "Google Maps" map to your website.
    How to set up a mailing list / newsletter (and best practices for doing so).
    How to protect your website from hackers, malware, and other viruses. 
    Resources for e-commerce websites, doing keyword research, doing link building and SEO, affiliate marketing, membership websites, outsourcing, video recording, and more!


AN INTRODUCTION TO MAKING MONEY ONLINE:

    What are some of the most common methods for making money online? 
    What is the simplest way to make passive income online? 
    If I want to make money online, where do I start? 
    The Structure of a $1,000 per Month Passive Income Website.