
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41Tg0oMa8xL.jpg


Maximum Brainpower: Challenging the Brain for Health and Wisdom 

Publisher: Ballantine Books
Shlomo Breznitz, Collins Hemingway
2012 
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0345526147
ISBN-13: 978-0345526144
288 Pages 
EPUB ,PDF  
4.73 MB

We all understand the importance of daily exercise in keeping physically fit. But mental exercise is just as essential to our health and well-being—especially when it comes to defending against forgetfulness, memory loss, and even dementia. These and other age-associated afflictions were once regarded as all but inevitable, but in fact, as this eye-opening, inspiring book shows, there is much we can do to protect ourselves as we grow older. With the right tools, we can all maximize our brainpower and keep our minds sharp, healthy, and cognitively fit throughout life.  
 
 Written by internationally renowned cognitive psychologist Shlomo Breznitz and technologist Collins Hemingway, Maximum Brainpower provides both an in-depth look at how the brain works and proven methods to increase its capabilities. Armed with the results of cutting-edge research, Breznitz and Hemingway champion in compelling detail the challenge and stimulus of continual change over the deadening effects of comfortable routine. They show how to separate good mental stress from bad, and demonstrate how hope and socialization can help delay or even fight off the worst symptoms of dementia.  
  
 Did you know that experts are often less mentally agile than jacks-of-all-trades? That mental exercises such as crossword puzzles and sudoku are of minimal help in building brainpower? That multitasking poses unique dangers to the brain by presenting us with an environment in which we never evolved enough to thrive? Breznitz knows—and what’s more, he knows what to do about it.
  
 Filled with colorful real-life stories and fascinating psychological experiments, many published here for the first time, this revelatory work will help adults of any age build and retain their mental acuity. Think better, live better, be better with Maximum Brainpower. Really, it’s a no-brainer!

Praise for Maximum Brainpower
 
 “A wonderfully helpful book . . . After reading it, you will understand what you must do for your brain, and why you must do it.”—Norman Doidge, M.D., New York Times bestselling author of The Brain That Changes Itself
 
 “Everyone knows the importance of physical fitness; less appreciated is the necessity of cognitive fitness. How do you maintain an exercised, stimulated, flexible brain? Start by reading this book.”—David Eagleman, New York Times bestselling author of Incognito
  
 “Profound, rich, and enriching . . . Because of its forceful suggestions, its analyses, and its wide knowledge, this book is well worth reading. And rereading.”—Elie Wiesel, Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and author
  
 “Many of us are petrified of Alzheimer’s disease, strokes, and other maladies that impair the functioning of the brain. Breznitz and Hemingway can deliver no ‘magic bullet’ to prevent dementia. But their book does get you thinking about what you can do to develop and maintain your gray matter, build on the plasticity of the brain, and increase the likelihood that you’ll live not just a longer but a fuller life.”—The Huffington Post
  
 “Most books about healthy brain maintenance just give you the ‘how’; this one tells you why. And it helps you do it.”—Rita Carter, author of Mapping the Mind

