Updated on June 9th 2013

The top rated 3D launcher - Next Launcher 3D, will show you
how 3D dynamic and highly customizable home screen
replacement app could redefine your Android Launcher -
Extend imagination, extend capabilities! Now, upgrade your
outdated launcher to Next Launcher and embrace the next
generation of user interface to your phone! Do not forget to
rate us when you're satisfied with Next Launcher 3D.

Features:
√ Stereoscopic Screen Preview
Stunning 3D screen preview with dazzling animation of
screen switching enables you to access to, add, set home
screen, and delete any screen on your launcher in a second.
√Theme Mix Mode
Choose different theme styles for different elements (icon,
folder, dock bar, and preview screen panel) respectively.
Design the ultimate UI look you desire with Theme Mix Mode.
√Enhanced Home Screen Transition Effect Border
Enable it through Next Key and experience stronger 3D visual
effect when flipping home screen.
√Elements Floating Mode
Show how cool your phone can be to your friends!
All the elements on home screen float like the cloud. Blow
your microphone or make voices to fasten the floating
√ Multi-select Apps
After selecting one app, use sliding gesture to multi-select the
other apps. The fantastic interaction designs not only to wow
people, but save efforts to fulfill batch operation on Android
launcher home.
√ Customizing Home Screen
Packed with unlimited screen layout function, you may place
icons, folders, or widgets randomly on your screen. Change
3D themes and wallpapers to reclaim your launcher home
interface.
√ Icons
Icons support rotation, replace, Multi-select, align and so on.
Operation is easy and fantastic. Multi-select apps, long press
one of the selected apps to gather them, and draw a preview
path by selecting operation from app icon menu.
√ Rotatable Dock
Invert the dock upward or downward to switch among
Android launcher home, preview and editing modes.
√ App Drawer
Icons can be arranged by name or time. You can create
folders by overlapping app icons. That batch operation to add
icons on Android home is also available.
√ 3D Widgets & Themes & Live Wallpapers
Popular widgets in 3D space including switch, music, and
clock have been released, with weather, task manager,
calendar, notification widgets coming soon. Numerous of 3D
themes and live wallpapers are being prepared for the
launcher.

Simply install the apk file.