One In A Million...........

Apr 24, 2013 - Performers: Maitresse Madeline  and  Will Havoc 


MP4 + Pics.


Over the years there have been many men who've walked through the Armory doors wanting to adore me. Many of them we're amazingly talented and awesome and many of them completely unworthy of my attention but never has a Will Havoc walked through those doors. You see, Will is in another category, a category of his own. Seriously, this is the type of man I would date! 

I reckon you've learned during the four years of my reign as head mistress and director of Divine Bitches that being a dominatrix doesn't mean you have to swear off sex, be cold as ice and never touch another man sexually nor does it mean you are some man hating feminist, quite to the contrary actually. It infuriates me when people consider this stereotype about a dominatrix that almost puts us in this asexual category as if we're faltering if we show our sexual needs or we can't be tough while exposing that side. I find it sexy that I AM horny ALL the time. I yearn for sex and HAVE to have it. I celebrate LOVING men. I adore men. I want to fuck men and most of all I love to hurt men from the bottom of my heart and with all the passion in my soul. 

Will is the first man that walked through these doors with all my non negotiables in tact. Cool confidence, unabashed kinkiness, intelligence, rugged attitude, impossibly handsome looks and he studied ballet for god sakes! This is one well rounded cultured dude! All I really wanted to do was ask him out, climb on top of him and do dirty, filthy things to him while he slid his cock inside me, not sock him in the nuts! But, like all good dominatrix I remained professional and did what I do best which was seduce the fuck out of this guy, make all his wildest fantasies come true, show him what it feels like to be at the mercy of a strong woman and milk his prostate like there's no tomorrow. The only unfortunate thing is for you because once the shoot was over, the real fun began and the cameras weren't rolling. I suppose you'll just have to let YOUR dirtiest fantasies wander. 

Just like I did mine................... 

For the love of kink, 
M.M.~

Screens 
http://www.divinebitches.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=30165

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

