Leonard Sweet and Frank Viola - Jesus Manifesto

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with pagination, contents linked in bookmarks, metadata, etc.

Not the usual fundamentalist garbage, this book was a bestseller in 2010, providing theological foundation for a Christ-centered life. (For another christocentric theology, see my torrent of Bonhoeffer's Cost of Discipleship.)

description:

“So that in everything He might have the supremacy.”

—Colossians 1:18

Christians have made the gospel about so many things - things other than Christ. Religious concepts, ideas, doctrines, strategies, methods, techniques, formulas, "its" and "things" have all eclipsed the beauty, the glory, and the reality of the Lord Jesus Himself. On the whole, Christians today are starved for a real experience of the living Christ. We know a lot about our Lord, but we don't know Him very well. We know a lot about trying to be like Jesus, but very little about living by His indwelling life.

JESUS MANIFESTO presents a fresh unveiling of Jesus as not only Savior and Lord, but as so much more. It is a prophetic call to restore the supremacy and sovereignty of Christ in a world — and a church — that has lost sight of Him.

Every revival and restoration in the church has been a rediscovery of some aspect of Christ in the process of answering the ultimate question that Jesus put to His disciples: "Who do you say that I am?"

Read this book and see your Lord like you've never seen Him before.

From Publishers Weekly

The Christian church is falling apart and in desperate need of a revival. According to professor Sweet (The Church in Emerging Culture: Five Perspectives) and bestselling author Viola (From Eternity to Here), what is lacking is a groundbreaking revelation of Christ that boggles the mind and enraptures the heart. Expanding on the authors' 2009 online manifesto, this insistent, impassioned essay condemns as pharisaic those preachers who forgo a Christ-centered theology in favor of a cute, singular slogan or mission. The authors urge churches to focus on the man who embodies the entire religion. To do so, readers must learn the subtle distinction between following Christ and realizing Christ already lives within them. Some may find this message controversial, even pantheistic. Yet the biblical passages show the message is rooted in Scripture. The authors provide a lot to digest, but quotations from poets and philosophers break up the text and help readers grasp abstract concepts. Though most applicable to pastors and seminarians, all Christian readers will discover a new perspective and deeper purpose. 

Review

"Jesus Manifesto" is a milestone in Christian literature - a spiritual masterpiece. It is both timeless and timely. The book contains a breathtaking unveiling of the beauty, glory, and wonder of Christ that speaks to both the head and the heart (something that few books combine today). The style of writing blends poetry with prose and is brilliantly sprinkled with metaphor. The content is illuminating, compelling, and even prophetic. Epic, true to Scripture, faithful to the testimony of the historic church, filled with seminal insights and written with exceptional prose, this little volume is a clarion call to return to the supremacy of Jesus Christ. For all of these reasons, "Jesus Manifesto" has come along "for such a time as this." -- Searching Together/Baptist Reformation Review