Grand Theft Auto - San Andreas Repack {R.G.Catalyst}



Released: 2005 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / Arcade / Racing (Cars / Motorcycles / Bicycles) / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer: Rockstar North 
Publisher: Rockstar Games 
Game Version: 1.01 / 1.0
Language: English / French / German / Italian / Spanish / Russian  / Ukrainian  
Sound language: English 
Publication Type: Repack 
Crack: from DEViANCE / HOODLUM



SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Operating system: Windows XP / Seven 
Processor: Intel Celeron / AMD Duron 1,2 GHz 
Memory: 256 MB 
Video: 64 MB 
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible 
Free space on hard disk: 4.67 GB


Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the Los Santos (state of San Andreas) - City crime, drugs and corruption, where even movie stars and millionaires have any means to protect themselves from extortionists and gangsters.

The beginning of the 1990s.

Carl returns home.

His mother was killed, the family split up, my friends are in trouble, but against him made ΓÇïΓÇïa false accusation of murder.
To return the family and restore the old context, Carl goes on a dangerous trip to San Andreas: it should by all means to win the streets of the state.



Game Features:

"Huge, detailed game world: the state of San Andreas, the famous three major cities, each with a unique style and attractions: Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas. 

"The elements of role-playing game: the ability to change the appearance of the hero: do tattoos, change clothes and hair, the need to monitor the state of his health, in particular, regularly and eat right, exercise, so he remained in good physical shape, able to develop some skills such as shooting and driving. 

"More than forty kinds of weapons: a billiard cue, knuckle dusters, batons, chainsaw, katana, machine guns, machine guns, grenades, minigun, and more. And also some rather unusual things that can be used as weapons. 

"About two hundred different vehicles that can be controlled: including bicycles, cars, motorcycles, ATVs, boats, helicopters, planes and even a combine harvester. 

"A large number of various mini-games: billiards, roulette, poker, arcade machines, street basketball, and others. 

"Thrill: to do a BASE jumping - parachuting from skyscrapers or, for example, to climb Mount Chiliad. 

"You can try their hand at various professions: truckers, taxi driver, porter, train driver, fireman, thief, burglar, and even the police. 
"Great musical accompaniment: a few hours of music on eleven radio stations in the stellar performance of groups of different music styles, including Faith No More, KISS, Soundgarden, Rage Against the Machine, Guns 'N' Roses, Ozzy Osbourne.

Repack Features:

Option to install radio 
Ability to download any radio 
Option to install Hot Coffee v.2.1 from PatrickW 
Option to install dinput8.dll mouse to work properly on Win Vista/7/8 from GLaDOS
Installation Time ~ 15 min