
                                      nERv


                         Resident Evil 6 (c) Capcom

      03/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
            1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action, Adventure


Blending action and survival horror, Resident Evil 6 promises to be the
dramatic horror experience of 2013. Resident Evil favorites Leon S. Kennedy,
Chris Redfield and Ada Wong are joined by new characters, including Jake
Muller, to face a new horror, the highly virulent C-virus, as the narrative
moves between North America, the war-torn Eastern European state of Edonia
and the Chinese city of Lanshiang.

With four distinct, yet interwoven story threads, each with their own pair of
protagonists for either solo or co-op play, both offline and online, not only
will Resident Evil 6 deliver both different perspectives and gameplay styles
but, with the introduction of the innovative Crossover mechanic players will
be able to team up and share the horror. At key moments during the game, up
to four players can join together online to tackle a specific situation, with
some stages seeing the usual partnerships swapped to further increase the
depth of gameplay.

Features
* Horror on a global scale  No longer confined to a specific location, the
  outbreak of the C-virus is worldwide with the action taking place in
  North America, Eastern Europe and China The most expansive Resident Evil
  game to date- Experience the horror through four distinct yet intertwined
  campaigns:
* Solo or co-op play  Resident Evil 6 delivers both single and two player
  co-op gameplay either offline or online (however Ada Wong's campaign is
  one player only)
* Play your way  Use skill points to upgrade your character to provide
  faster reload speed, improved firepower or increase your health bar with
  the Character Skill system
* Mercenaries returns  Players will once more be able to enjoy the highly
  popular Mercenaries Mode
* 7 Additional Stages for the Extra Content Modes - Previously available
  for purchase as DLC for the console versions, these 7 additional stages
  come as standard on the PC version.* These stages are unlocked via
  achievements.


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
   your game install directory.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]