Pirc Alert!: A Complete Defense Against 1. e4
by Lev Alburt and Alex Chernin
Chess Information & Research Centre | April 2001 | ISBN: 1-889323-07-1 | DJVU/PDF | 448 pages | 10.6/35.6 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Pirc-Alert-published-Information-Institute/dp/B0091MW9FM
PDF conversion is mine.

This book is an almost encyclopedic account of the Pirc defence named after the Yugoslav GM Vasja Pirc.

" We've tried lo produce the book in a way thai makes i! enjoyahle for you, it contains. Nearly 1,000 diagrams that certainly makes it easier We've striven throughout to make sure that the moves and the diagrams they relate in are on the same page-spread.
Look for blue diagrams and blue boxes that call your attention to the most important positions and ideas. This highlighted information will be especially worth revisiting and even committing to roemory.
Main lines are clearly set off in hold type. Divisions ofl these main lines are clearly labelled in blue type Diagrams related to main lines are larger than analysis and side-line diagrams, which are clearly labelled "ANALYSIS' The never-before-published surprise moves, "TNs" are also marked in blue You can find many such theoretical novelties throughout,
Pirc Alert! uses the now universal algebraic system of chcss notation. "

About the Authors
International Grandmaster Lev Alburt, three-time U.S. champion and former European champion, is one of the most sought-after chess teachers in the world. He lives in New York.
World-championship candidate Grandmaster Alex Chernin lives in Budapest and is the leading expert on the Pirc.

NOTE
The original book was in DJVU format & I have converted it to PDF. I am not very happy about the scan quality but unfortunately I don't have anything better! OCRing of the converted PDF was almost impossible due to low scan quality.
The 2nd Revised & Updated edition was published in September 2009 but I don't have it yet. Read more about it at http://www.amazon.com/Pirc-Alert-Complete-Defense-Against/dp/1889323195 If anyone has it, please do share!