April 23, 2013
 DVDFab 9.0.3.6 Updated! 

 New: DVDFab Blu-ray Ripper and DVDFab Blu-ray 3D Ripper merged into one option, and renamed to Blu-ray Ripper (3D Plus).
 New: DVDFab File Transfer is for free now.
 New: Added support for task queue.
 New: Added support to clone BDAV discs.
 New: Added support to decode the source which contains AC3-Plus (E-AC3) audio track.
 New: Added support to remember the user operation on user interface.
 New: Added support for WMV 10 output with 5.1 audio tracks.
 New: Added support for some special DVD discs.
 New: Added support to modify volume label for Blu-ray/DVD creator.
 New: Improved "Remove annoying PGCs (like FBI warning)".
 New: Updated VSO burning engine.
 New: Updated language files.
 New: Updated profiles for new device.
 New: Some user interface and user experience improvements.

 Fix: A layout problem when set the display DPI to 125 or 150.
 Fix: A crash problem when copying with DBCS external subtitle in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem when selecting ASCII as Character sets in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that cannot set the Audio track, Subtitle and Chapter settings for multiple angles Blu-ray source.
 Fix: A problem that cannot burn data source in Clone/Burn mode.
 Fix: A crash problem opening data source in Split mode.
 Fix: A problem that cannot create dvdfab.miniso file in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem when burn DVD with VSO burning engine in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that cannot select region code for DVD automatically.
 Fix: A freeze problem when copying Blu-ray disc to BD25, such as: Led Zeppelin Celebration Day.
 Fix: A problem that should not enable "Convert DTS/PCM to AC3" when copying Blu-ray to BD50/BD25.
 Fix: A crash problem when converting Blu-ray to DVD in certain cases, such as: Bad teacher, Battleship, Prometheus, Chris_Botti.iso.
 Fix: A problem that cannot copy Blu-ray to DVD after DVDFab warns user whether overwrite the existing folder, and user select "No".
 Fix: A freeze problem when ripping DVD to 3d.iphone4.h264.aac.
 Fix: A crash problem when ripping with mpeg4 profiles in 2-pass mode.
 Fix: A freeze problem when playing the converted result in PS3.
 Fix: An A/V sync problem when ripping DVD to mkv.remux in certain cases.
 Fix: A static audio problem when playing file converted by DVD Ripper on Windows Media Player and VLC Player.
 Fix: A noise problem when ripping to Apple TV3.
 Fix: A crash problem when ripping to mkv.audiocopy profile with multiple audio tracks.
 Fix: A crash problem after selected "Deinterlacing" option during the ripping process.
 Fix: A problem that the converted .mp4 and .m4v files cannot be played on iTunes and QuickTime.
 Fix: A graph 0 error problem when ripping Blu-ray to mp4 profiles.
 Fix: A crash problem when ripping to Apple profiles with special DVD source, such as: TOM_AND_JERRY_VOL1.
 Fix: A freeze problem when ripping Blu-ray to mkv.audiocopy with DTS-HD audio track. 
 Fix: A problem that should not only have "Mono" audio selection for DVD PCM-2 audio source in advanced settings dialog.
 Fix: An A/V sync problem when ripping Blu-ray "The Adventures of Tintin" with mkv.remux profile.
 Fix: Improved the accuracy of calculation for user customized video output bitrate.
 Fix: A problem that the location of idx/sub subtitle is not suitable in DVD and Blu-ray Ripper mode.
 Fix: An A/V sync problem when converting vob file to ipad.1080p.mp4.
 Fix: A crash problem when creating DVD in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem when deleting source in Convert and Creator in certain cases.
 Fix: A filter failed problem when converting with .mov files as source.
 Fix: A problem when setting the color of subtitle, it does not work in DVD Creator.
 Fix: A problem that cannot create chapter for DVD creator.
 Fix: A problem that cannot change the Volume Label for Blu-ray Creator.
 Fix: A problem that the created disc cannot be played by stand-alone player in certain cases.

Homepage: www.dvdfab.com
