  The Chemical Brothers - Dig Your Own Hole (1997) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 1997
  Source: ASW 6180  / US
  Genre: Eelectronic
  Style: Breakbeat, Techno, Big Beat
  Codec: FLAC
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz

  A1. Block Rockin' Beats 5:13 
  A2. Dig Your Own Hole 5:27 
  B1. Elektrobank 8:18 
  B2. Piku 4:55 
  B3. Setting Sun 5:27 
  C1. It Doesn't Matter 6:14 
  C2. Don't Stop The Rock 4:49 
  C3. Get Up On It Like This 6:05 
  D1. Lost In The K-Hole 3:52 
  D2. Where Do I Begin 6:56 
  D3. The Private Psychedelic Reel 9:21

  Taking the swirling eclecticism of their post-techno debut, Exit Planet Dust, to the extreme, the Chemical Brothers blow all stylistic boundaries down with their second album, Dig Your Own Hole. Bigger, bolder, and more adventurous than Exit Planet Dust, Dig Your Own Hole opens with the slamming cacophony of "Block Rockin' Beats," where hip-hop meets hardcore techno, complete with a Schoolly D sample and an elastic bass riff. Everything is going on at once in "Block Rockin' Beats," and it sets the pace for the rest of the record, where songs and styles blur into a continuous kaleidoscope of sound. It rocks hard enough for the pop audience, but it doesn't compromise either the Chemicals' sound or the adventurous, futuristic spirit of electronica -- even "Setting Sun," with its sly homages to the Beatles' "Tomorrow Never Knows" and Noel Gallagher's twisting, catchy melody, doesn't sound like retro psychedelia; it sounds vibrant, unexpected, and utterly contemporary. There are no distinctions between different styles, and the Chemicals sound as if they're having fun, building Dig Your Own Hole from fragments of the past, distorting the rhythms and samples, and pushing it forward with an intoxicating rush of synthesizers, electronics, and layered drum machines. the Chemical Brothers might not push forward into self-consciously arty territories like some of their electronic peers, but they have more style and focus, constructing a blindingly innovative and relentlessly propulsive album that's an exhilarating listen -- one that sounds positively new but utterly inviting at the same time.