System Requirements
CPU:	Intel® CoreTM 2 Quad 2.7 Ghz or better, AMD PhenomTM II X4 3 Ghz or better
RAM:	4 GB RAM
VGA:	NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 560 or better
DX:	9.0c or greater
OS:	Windows Vista®/XP, Windows 7, Windows 8
HDD:	16 GB free hard drive space
Sound:	Standard audio device



Welcome everybody. 

FULL REPACK
LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

1.Unrar.
2.Mount or Burn.
3.Run 'Setup.exe'.
4.Start the game from Desktop.
5.Support game developers like we do. 
For updates and more, follow @IamAWESOMEWBB @BlackBoxRepack 

With three distinct, yet interwoven story threads, each with their own pair of protagonists for either solo or co-op play, both offline and online, not only will Resident Evil 6 deliver both different perspectives and gameplay styles but, with the introduction of the innovative Crossover mechanic players will be able to team up and share the horror. At key moments during the game, up to four players can join together online to tackle a specific situation, with some stages seeing the usual partnerships swapped to further increase the depth of gameplay. 

Horror on a global scale – No longer confined to a specific location, the outbreak of the C-virus is worldwide with the action taking place in North America, Eastern Europe and China. 

Multiple characters and intertwined storylines – Experience the horror playing as Leon S. Kennedy, BSAA member Chris Redfield, and son of Albert Wesker, Jake Muller; with their respective partners US government agent Helena Harper, BSAA member Piers Nivans and Sherry Birkin. 

Not only does each story cross paths, but so does the action – At significant points when the narrative draws pairs of characters together, the all new Crossover mechanic allows up to four players to experience the horror together online. 

Solo or co-op – Resident Evil 6 delivers both single and two player co-op gameplay either offline or online. 

A new challenge – Confront the results of the C-virus in all its varied and deadly forms. 

Zombies make a return to the Resident Evil series, but can now run, jump at players and even use weapons, making them far more challenging than in previous games. 

The enemy creatures known as J’avo first came to prominence in the conflict zone of Eastern Europe and have the ability to regenerate when injured; furthermore, if J’avo take substantial damage to a particular area they can mutate the affected body part into a variety of different forms, meaning players will have to rethink their strategy and adapt to this unpredictability. 

The C-virus has also given rise to the Chrysalide, which take the mutation process even further as they undergo a full metamorphosis; spawning a whole host of horrific creatures. 

Play your way – Upgrade your character to provide faster reload speed, improved firepower or increase your health bar with the Character Skill system.


                               http://image.bayimg.com/b4cc7fd4eb6e647784e51fa38abc8205a5997151.jpg 