we talked about Phantom lady in an earlier post, so here's all her golden age appearances in 1 archive for easy reading!  enjoy.

 Golden Age Origin 
Sandra Knight, the daughter of Senator Henry Knight, is a Washington D.C. socialite who fights crime as the costumed heroine known as the Phantom Lady. She has no super powers. She is, however, a skilled fighter and uses a blacklight ray (like the Owl) to project darkness and make herself invisible. She was engaged to Don Borden, the agent of the State Department's counter-intelligence division - though the fact that she was engaged didn't stop Sandra from occasionally flirting with other men.

Phantom Lady teamed up with Spider Widow and the Raven on several occasions in a series of consecutive stories.

While Phantom Lady has a secret identity, she did not wear any kind of disguise. It is unclear how most people wouldn't recognize the famous socialite, but it's even more puzzling when one considered that her father and her fiance weren't able to recognize her, either. To her creators' credit, though, Phantom Lady was occasionally depicted wearing a mask during her appearances in Police Comics. Usually, it was a black or white domino mask. In Police Comics #15, she wore a yellow curtain mask similar to the Clock's.

During the time her stories were published by Fox Feature Syndicate, her rogues gallery included the Avenging Skulls, the Fire Fiend, the Killer Clown, Kurtz, the Robbing Robot, the Subway Slayer, and Vulture.

Historical Notes 
Phantom Lady was originally published by Quality Comics. When Iger Studios stopped producing art for Quality Comics, Iger took Phantom Lady to Fox Feature Syndicate under the assumption that he owned the rights to the character. There, she appeared in her own title. While the character's design was tweaked and her costume was changed, her background and supporting cast remained the same. In 1950s, Ajax-Farrell acquired the rights to Phantom Lady comic and proceeded to continue the title. To conform to the rules set forth by the recently formed Comic Code Authority, Phantom Lady's costume was once again altered, this time to something more modest. All of this led to the great deal of confusion over who actually owned the character.

Phantom Lady stories published by all three companies were reprinted during the 1960s and 1970s by Star comics and I.W. Publications. They were able to do that because they acquired original printing plates from active and defunct companies. 


seed for all to enjoy! Sharing is caring!