The 12th letter of the Hebrew Alephbet is the letter Lamed.In ancient Hebrew, the Lamed was a shepard's staff. The Lamed represents control/authority. The number value of Lamed is 30. Joseph came into his authority in Egypt at 30, David at 30, Yeshua(Jesus) at around 30. The first letter of the Hebrew word for tongue is the Lamed. The control or authority. Life and Death are in the power(control) of the tongue.


In the Western world, we study the Bible in English transliterated from Greek text.If you want to get closer to God, study the Hebrew letters and find the Hebrew text and meaning of the Bible.You can use Strong's concordance(look up app) to help find Hebrew text.The "Complete Jewish Bible" by David H. Stern is another great source. Free Hebrew/Greek interlinear Bible software at www.scripture4all.org/

 

The Hebrew Alephbet is made up of 22 letters.Learn the letters of the Bible and you can start to learn the words of the Bible.When you study the Bible from a Hebrew perspective-all sorts of Hidden Treasures will be revealed to you.


All the El Shaddai videos and notes are FREE to anyone by going to the El Shaddai ministries website.Then scroll down and click on ARCHIVES.Then you look through the past teaching.It takes a little searching.But,DL's are much faster at their site.I edit anything at the beginning of the session that isn't part of the lesson.


Make a copy of the El Shaddai notes, they go along with the video.The other video offers some info. But El Shaddai is the best source to use.If you don't have time to watch the video- Look at all the slides and then listen to the mp3 while on the go.

 I am trying to make it easier for more people to share this information. I encourage you to seed this and share with others. Support El Shaddai ministries, if you can. There are services every Saturday that are live streamed on the Web.Mondays are teaching sessions live streamed.They can later be downloaded.  


Leave a comment if these lessons are helping anyone .I am interested
in finding out what people are getting from these lessons.

				