Escape from Sobibor (1987) (Eng)(NL sub)

Nederlands:
Oorlogsdrama over de grootste gevangenenopstand en ontsnapping tijdens de
tweede wereldoorlog. Sobibor was een concentratiekamp gelegen in het oosten
van Polen en gebouwd door de nazi's als onderdeel van de 'uiteindelijke
oplossing van het joodse vraagstuk'. Op 14 oktober 1943 kwamen de
gevangenen in opstand. Ze vermoorden een groot aantal SS-ers en vervolgens
slaagden zo'n driehonderd gevangenen erin om te ontsnappen.

English:
During WWII, the death camp at Treblinka had an escape, causing the
commandant at a similar camp in Sobibor to vow that his camp would never
experience the same thing. But those who were its captives, the Jewish
laborers that had been spared from the ovens, knew that they were on
borrowed time and that their only hope was to escape... the only question
was how to do it. However, because the Germans would kill an equal number
of others whenever a group attempted to escape, the captives knew that if
ever an escape was tried, all 600 prisoners in the camp would have to be
included... logistically precluding any ideas about tunnels or sneak
breakouts. Indeed, to have such a mass escape could only mean that the
Ukrainian guards and Germain officers would have to be killed, which many
of the Jews felt simply reduced themselves to no better than their
captors... thus making it a struggle of conscience. And therein lies the
story, with the film being based on a factual account of what then happened
at that Sobibor prison.


Met o.a.: Alan Arkin, Joanna Pacula en Rutger Hauer


Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: ISO
Bron: DVD5
Standaard: PAL
Speelduur: 1:59:08
Audio: Engels
Subs: Nederlands
Regie: Jack Gold
Muziek: Georges Delerue
Scenario: Richard Rashke (boek), Reginald Rose (script)
Productie: Dennis Doty
Menu: Ja
Cover: Ja
Extra's: Ja
Genre: Drama/Oorlog


Links:
 
http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escape_from_Sobibor
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/3716
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092978/?ref_=sr_1 

