[img=http://rofront.ro/pic/icoane/inforofront.png]

Splash PRO EX combines all the features of Splash PRO with easy and fast
exporting of videos to popular devices,YouTube ? and more ...

Splash Player has built-in codec Mirillis AVC/H.264, which is a proprietary
company, and is able to provide high-quality clear and smooth images in high
resolution. The player is stylish, easy to use interface.

Features:
? Designed and optimized for HD video!
? The ability to quickly and easily export video in popular formats,
YouTube ?
? Simultaneous playback and encode HD video
? Splash Pro EX combines all the latest technologies including NVIDIA ? CUDA ?
and Intel ? Quick
? Supported files: AVI, MKV, MOV, M2TS, MTS, M2T, MP4, MPG, TS
? Support for video, with its own codecs: H.264, MPEG-2, VC-1
? Video support through external codecs: DivX / XviD
? Best video quality, thanks to software and hardware video decoding
? Support to the European standard terrestrial digital broadcasting DVB-T.
? Stylish user interface and easy to rate
olzovanii
? Supports hardware accelerated video decoding
? Convert video from 1080i to 1080p
? Support for multi-core processors
? Support for subtitles

Designed and optimized for HD!
Play and convert all your High Definition movies and camcorder clips, incredibly
fast, smooth and without problems. You don't need any additional codecs.
Download, install, watch, convert and share. It takes about one second to start
application and High Definition video playback!

Converting videos with style
Enjoy the ultimate performance and stylish user interface. Just push a button to
export your clips easily and fast to popular formats, your favorite multimedia
devices,or YouTube ?. Save energy and time choosing optimized and
hardware accelerated video exporting with Splash PRO EX.

Enjoy the ultimate performance!
Take advantage of the latest hardware acceleration technologies to save your
time and reduce power consumption. Splash PRO EX combines all the latest
technologies including NVIDIA ? CUDA ? and Intel ? Quick Sync Video with
hardware accelerated video decoding to boost exporting process even more!

Picture? - Just stunning video quality!
Advanced picture post-processing engine, delivering stunning video quality.
Watch standard and high definition videos like never before, enjoy smooth
motion, crisp details and vivid colors. Download free trial of Splash PRO EX now
and use Demo Mode to see the difference!

High quality video scaling.
Convert your videos with advanced video preprocessing technologies. Splash PRO
EX high quality scaling keeps your videos sharp and clean every time you export
your original video to lower or higher resolutions. The technology is optimized
for multicore CPUs to provide an excellent performance.

The best player for your HD camcorder clips!
Supports AVCHD ? format. Rediscover High Definition quality with Splash PRO EX
and state-of-the-art Picture? technology! Watch your 20/24/25/30p clips smooth
like never before with Motion? technology. Browse your clips directly from the
AVCHD ? camcorder with HD Camcorder interactive menus.

Ultra responsive, stylish and innovative User Interface.
Splash is compact, stylish, user friendly and incredibly fast! Discover Smart
Seek, advanced seek mode designed to find specific movie scenes without
interrupting video playback. Splash provides the best user experience for video
files playback. Designed to enjoy multimedia the proper way.

EcoMode - Save energy!
Think green! Save energy, save your money and enjoy longer video playback on
batteries. EcoMode's intelligent power management is designed to reduce power
consumption of your mobile PC. Enjoy up to 40% longer video playback on laptop /
netbook batteries. With EcoMode you can monitor your battery power consumption,
wear level and more.

Featuring Mirillis Codecs.
Ultra fast audio and video decoders designed for your multi-core processor and
graphics card hardware acceleration (GPU). Choose our optimized low power
consumption technologies, save your mobile PC batteries, money and the
environment. You don't need any additional codecs to play the best quality
videos now!

Changes in Splash Pro EX 1.13.1:
? Improved video exporting performance
? Fixed video seeking with hardware acceleration enabled for some graphics card
models
? Improvements for video playback for Windows 8
? Minor Motion2 improvements
? Installer improvements
? Translations improvements
? Added Brazilian Portuguese translations

[center][img=http://img508.imageshack.us/img508/5838/m59rh6hkhgmk37rjambe.gif][/center]
