Romano Guardini - The Lord. Regnery Gateway. First published in English in 1954; this file is from a recent paperback edition. Contains an introduction by Joseph Ratzinger. 629 pages.

Clearscan pdf with bookmarks, correct pagination and metadate, etc. This is just about the best example of clearscan that I've seen.

Catholic meditations on the life of Christ. A classic.

details from wikipedia:

The Lord (orig. Der Herr) is a Christological book, published in English translation in 1954, by Romano Guardini, a Roman Catholic priest and academic.


In his book, Guardini wishes to present a correct understanding of Jesus by writing about his life and person, with all the limitations which the subject necessarily imposes. Although Christ lived in a specific historical milieu, and though knowledge of the forces at work in it furthers an understanding of him, the author states that a biography of Christ is practicable only within the narrowest confines. Neither Jesus' personality nor his works are immediately traceable to the conditions of the times, for he came "out of the fullness of time contained in the mystery of God, and it was to this mystery that he returned after he had moved among us (Acts 1:22)."

In The Lord, Guardini points to certain decisive events in Jesus' life, recognising specific directions in it and watching their sense evince and fulfill itself; but he also affirms that one shall never be able to ascertain a genuine evolution of character in the life of Jesus. It is equally impossible to motivate the unwinding of Christ's destiny or the manner in which he accomplished his designated mission, for the ultimate explanations - Guardini states - are to be found only in that impenetrable territory which Jesus calls "my Father's will" ΓÇö territory forever beyond the reach of history's most powerful horizon. So Guardini ponders such words as: "And Jesus advanced in wisdom and age and grace before God and men" (Luke 2:52), and the passage in the Epistle to the Galatians which describes him as one "in the fullness of time," ripening to maturity deeply conscious of the history about him.

Guardini's book embodies modern exegetical criticism, approaching Jesus Christ through the Gospels, placing his life in the context of history and showing how his teachings are related to the whole body of church doctrine and practice. The author does not attempt to recount Jesus' life in any chronological order or logical sequence; rather he selects from it certain teachings, events, traits, miracles and meditates upon them, offering considerations and commentary.

Considered a masterpiece by Catholic scholars, the book has remained in print for decades and, according to Henry Regnery, was "one of the most successful books I have ever published." The novelist Flannery O'Connor thought it "very fine" and recommended it to a number of her friends.