






Director: Antonio Adamo
Cast: Claudia Ricci (aka Claudia Jackson, Claudia Singer, Ines Qeen, Zita Bernstein), Sophie Evans, Sandra Romain, Natali

Scene 1: Gorgeous Claudia Slips into Eve's Red Dress & Meets up with a Guy at a Pool. She Stands there & Entices Him out of the Pool. After Stripping her Down to just her High Heels, He Eats her Pussy while She's Standing Up. Claudia then gives him some very Enthusiastic Head before they Start Fucking. She gets Spoon Fucked a little bit & has some more Great RCG Sex. Claudia's Small Breasts & Frame Look Excellent in this Position, Especially when she's taking it Up the ass. She Fucks RCG(Anal) for about 3 Minutes & Then takes Two Hefty & Absolutely Hot Facials. She Sucks his Cock a lot Afterwords. This was the Only Multi-Angle Scene & I was kind of Dissapointed that it didnt Last Long Enough.

Scene 2: Claudia and Sophie are at a Strip Club in Budapest havin Drinks. Both are Gorgeous Blondes with A+ Bodies. Sophie is Wearing a Tight Black Dress, Gold Halter Top & Black High Heels she keeps on throughout the Scene. Claudia is wearing a Nicely Fitted Navy Blue Dress & High Heels she keeps on During the Scene. Sophie reaches between Claudia's Legs and plays with her Pussy while the Guy Next to them Helps. Both Girls then get on Stage & Dance around a little while they Kiss. They Look Extra Hot, Stripped down to Nothing but High Heels. Claudia gets Fucked Missionary on the Stage & while Sophie sucks her Nipples. Claudia has a Skinny Frame & Wonderful Small Breasts. Sophie does a little P2M with them & Both Girls End up giving the Guy a Great Blow Job. It switches to Gorgeous Sophie getting Spooned on Stage while Claudia Masturbates. Claudia then gets Fucked RCG (Vaginal) & Then RCG (Anal. The Anal with Gorgeous Claudia is Bonkers, I almost went Nuts! Sophie gets Fucked up the ass Doggystyle & Both Women Share a Great Facial, Sucking on his Cock a lot Afterwords.

Scene 7: Claudia Jackson, Sandra, Natali and 3 Guys. Back into a Room with a lot of Spectators, Claudia is led in Wearing Nothing but a Blind Fold & High Heels she keeps on throughout the Scene. Sandra, A Blonde with a A+ Body, & Natali, A Brunette with a A+ Body, Both Wear Masks & Suck a Guys Cock Together. Claudia's Blind Fold is Taken Off & she's Standing Between Two Hard Cocks. She says "Hell" & Starts Sucking them Off. A Very hot Blow Job. Natali gets Fucked Doggystyle while eating Sandra's Pussy. Claudia fucks Reverse Cowgirl while Sucking a Cock. It switches to Natali, Insanely Fucking one of the Guys Reverse Cowgirl, Sandra being Pounded Out Doggystyle & Claudia being Spooned while Sucking a Cock. This Sequence was Extremly Hot & Natali Shows you Why. Natali switches up on her Man fucks Him Brainless, Cowgirl Style. Claudia Takes it up the ass Reverse Cowgirl & Shows us Her Pleasure & Pain Expressions. Sandra & Natali both get Spooned up the Ass & This was The Best Anal in the Movie. The Way this was Captured was just Breath Taking. After an Extremly Hot Anal Romp, Claudia takes 3 HUGE Facials. She basically had Cum all over her Body & Looked in Complete Ecstacy Receiving these Cumshots. Super Hot Ending.