No one knows WHAT it will be.

It could be a natural disaster or a medical pandemic. Financial system collapse or bioterrorism. Governmental shutdowns or societal breakdowns. The media is full of possible threats, and they seem to be coming at us from all sides these days.

No one knows WHEN it will be.

It might be today, or tomorrow. Next week or next month. Next year ... or maybe never.

But do you want to take a chance on "maybe never"?

It pays to be prepared. "Prepare for the worst, pray for the best," as the saying goes. And if there ever was a time to prepare for the worst, NOW is that time.

Survival prepping is about preparing for the worst. It's about making sure you and your family are safe, no matter what the world throws at you.

This guide on "Hunkering Down" focuses on a scenario that would force you to stay in your home - a natural disaster which prevents evacuation. During a natural disaster, you might need to survive for a few days or a few weeks in your home before you can leave or before help arrives - if it ever does arrive!

But don't let the "natural disaster" part of the title fool you. You might hunker down for any number of reasons. No matter what happens that requires you to "bug in" (the opposite of "bug out" or evacuating), this guide can get you started in the right direction.

This book contains easy-to-read, direct, to-the-point chapters on the essentials of hunkering down. How to make sure your home is secure. Food storage and preparation. Water storage and purification. Hygiene. First Aid. Communications.

It is written to help you as a new prepper get started. It's for us "regular folk" who want to make sure we are prepared. If you are ready to take those first few steps on the prepper path, this book will help you ensure your family survives, and maybe even thrives, should a disaster strike.

Are you are uncertain about what you need to hunker down? Does even the thought of hunkering down scare you? This book can help.

Together, we can put you on the right path to removing that fear and uncertainty. In a short time, we can get you and your family ready to hunker down no matter what disaster or catastrophe happens.