Review by Mellotron Storm 
PROG REVIEWER 

 This one took me longer to get into than their first two albums. It's still growing on me though and may well become my favourite. Daniel Denis from UNIVERS ZERO is back guesting on percussion.

 As usual ART ZOYD starts off their record with a long epic. "La Ville" opens with a dark, tension filled soundscape.This is great ! Violins come in to add to the suspense. It changes after 2 1/2 minutes as horns,percussion and violin take over. Guitar 4 minutes in followed by a blast of horns after 5 minutes and a heavy beat. A collage of intricate sounds follow. This is incredible. Vocals yell with dissonant horns before a calm 6 1/2 minutes in. More vocals before 8 1/2 minutes with some great bass and violin. This is fairly heavy. More dissonant horns 9 1/2 minutes in. A calm with violin a minute later as it continues at a slow pace. It kicks back in before 14 minutes as lots of violin and horns end it. "Speedy Gonzales" is an uptempo track(what else) with some amazing interplay. Everyone seems to pitch in on this one.

 "Divertissement" opens with mournful violin melodies as cello comes in(or other way around). The tempo picks up after 2 minutes with lots of strings. It slows down 4 minutes in and sounds quite dark. It becomes almost waltz-like to end it. "Trois Miniatures" blew me away the first time i heard it because it sounds like Canterbury. The keys especially really give it that flavour. I like the intricate guitar as well. Some crazy violin 2 1/2 minutes in with some odd sounds. Back to the Canterbury vibe 3 1/2 minutes in. Some heavy bass follows and intricate guitar. Great track ! "Generation Sans Futur" has this heavy undercurrent to open with percussion as violin comes in. Horns 2 minutes in. It calms right down beautifully before 4 minutes, then heavy ground shaking sounds come and go. Check out the bass 5 minutes in as horns blast. The tempo then starts to pick up as piano and all kinds of intricate sounds come in. Chaotic and intense 6 1/2 minutes in. A calm 8 minutes in as violin plays.

 Well all i can say is that the first three albums by ART ZOYD are nothing short of incredible.


