Bigasoft 3GP Converter

Converts video to 3GP, MP4 and enjoy favorite movies on various mobile phones, PDAs

Bigasoft 3GP converter can change movies, video songs into 3GP, MP4 to help you enjoy favorite movies on mobile phones, PDAs. The 3GP converter supports various mobile phones (Samsung, Motorola, LG, BlackBerry, Nokia, Apple, HTC, Android phones, Windows phones etc.) and handheld computers.

The 3GP video converter can convert all popular video formats (AVI, MPEG, WMV, MP4, MKV, H.264, DivX, Xvid, MOV, RM, M4V, VOB, ASF, 3GP, etc.) to 3GP, 3G2, 3GPP, MP4 with high video quality. Meanwhile, you can also convert AVI to 3GP, MP4 to 3GP, MPEG to 3GP, WMV to 3GP using the 3GP converter. Bigasoft 3GP Converter also enables you to convert 3GP, 3GPP, 3G2 to various video formats.

What's more, Bigasoft 3GP Converter can extract audio tracks from movie and music video files.

Moreover, the 3GP Converter has built-in 3GP video editor which enables you to easily trim and crop video, merge several files into one, rotate video to correct degree, add water mark, and adjust brightness, contrast and saturation to output video.

Key Features:

Watch on cell phones
With Bigasoft 3GP converter, you can watch your favorite movies and films on various mobile phones (Samsung, Motorola, LG, BlackBerry, Nokia, Apple, HTC, etc.) and handheld computers with ease.
Hear sounds on cell phones
The 3GP Video Converter helps you to hear and share fantastic songs no matter where you are.
Convert to 3GP
The 3GP converter can convert all popular video formats (AVI, MPEG, WMV, MP4, MKV, H.264, DivX, Xvid, MOV, RM, M4V, VOB, ASF, 3GP, etc.) to 3GP, 3G2, 3GPP, MP4 with high video quality. Meanwhile, you can also convert AVI to 3GP, MP4 to 3GP, MPEG to 3GP, WMV to 3GP using the 3G2 converter.
Extract music from films
The professional converter extracts music from movie file to help you hear music from music videos or films on your cell phone.
Edit video effort
The versatile 3GPP converter can adjust video effects like video cut, trim, crop, merge, clip, rotate, and so on to help you make your unique creative movie with ease.
Batch conversion
Automatically turn off your computer after long time batch conversion makes your life easier.
Pause during conversion
It may also manually pause and resume while converting.
Preview before conversion
Adjust output video effects like cut video into small pieces, remove black edge of movie to best watch on your cell phone.
Easy to use
With the user-friendly interface, Bigasoft Audio Converter is suited for both veterans and beginners you can complete your conversion as easy as 1-2-3.
Provide super 3GP conversion
Bigasoft 3GP Converter supports multi-tasking, multi-core CPU processing and NVIDIA CUDA technology and provides super 3GP conversion for you to save your precious time.
Support multi-language
Support multi-language like English, German, French, Chinese and Japanese now.
3GP Converter for Windows 8, Windows 7
Bigasoft 3GP Converter supports all Windows including Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/3gp-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.