Contains the Complete Drake Chronicles by Alyxandra Harvey (5 Books + 3 Bonuses) 
 

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter- http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre- http://calibre-ebook.com/download 

5 Books: 
01 Hearts at Stake (My Love Lies Bleeding) by Alyxandra Harvey 
On Solange’s sixteenth birthday, she is going to wake up dead. As if that’s not bad enough, she also has to outwit her seven overprotective older brothers, avoid the politics involved with being the only daughter born to an ancient vampire dynasty, and elude Kieran Black-agent of an anti-vampire league who is searching for his father’s killer and is intent on staking Solange and her entire family.Luckily she has her own secret weapon-her human best friend Lucy-who is willing to defend Solange’s right to a normal life, whether she’s being smothered by her well-intentioned brothers or abducted by a power-hungry queen. 

02 Blood Feud by Alyxandra Harvey 
It's been centuries since Isabeau St. Croix barely survived the French Revolution. Now she's made her way back to the living and she must face the ultimate test by confronting the evil British lord who left her for dead the day she turned into a vampire. That's if she can control her affection for Logan Drake, a vampire whose bite is as sweet as the revenge she seeks. The clans are gathering for Helena's royal coronation as the next vampire queen, and new alliances are beginning to form now that the old rifts of Lady Natasha's reign have started to heal. But with a new common enemy, Leander Montmarte-a vicious leader who hopes to force Solange to marry him and usurp the power of the throne for himself-the clans must stand together to preserve the peace he threatens to destroy.

03 Out for Blood by Alyxandra Harvey 
Hunter Wild just wants to get through her last year at the secret Helios-Ra Academy. To do so, she'll have to betray her grandfather, date a vampire, and possibly take down the entire League-all before winter break.

04 Bleeding Hearts by Alyxandra Harvey 
Violet Hill is under attack by the ruthless Hel-Blar vampires, who are determined to take their rightful place alongside the other vampire clans at the Blood Moon. The Royal Drakes might be powerful, but their love for a mere human—Lucy—makes them vulnerable. The Hel-Blar don’t count on targeting Lucy’s innocent cousin Christabel by mistake.　 And Christabel didn’t count on finding such drama in a sleepy town like Violet Hill—or being rescued by a vampire as tempting as Connor Drake.

05 Blood Moon by Alyxandra Harvey 
When the vampire tribes convene for the rare Blood Moon ceremonies, Solange's fight with her feral nature, a mysterious stranger, family secrets and forbidden magic put all of the Drakes in danger. And when Nicholas is caught between saving his little sister Solange, or his girlfriend Lucy, who will he choose?


3 Bonuses: 
0.5 Corsets and Crossbows by Alyxandra Harvey 

3.5 A Killer First Date by Alyxandra Harvey 

4.5 A Field Guide to Vampires by Alyxandra Harvey and Craig Batty 


Seed and Enjoy!