Easy Recipes for Home Made Breads and Sweets

I love to cook and the bread recipes in this book are those that I use regularly. When I come across a new recipe that looks good I often follow that recipe closely the first time, and then adjust it to my needs and preferences until I have just what I'm looking for. Sometimes the modified recipe is similar to the original and sometimes it is quite different.


In this book you'll find my base recipes as I have adjusted them. I go beyond those basic instructions however, to include a variety of tips and tricks that will help you to make your own adjustments if desired.


All of the recipes in this booklet are simple, easy and flexible. You'll find in fact, that I have only included about a dozen basic recipes because these are building blocks. Once you are comfortable with the baking knowledge you gain from this book you will be able to skillfully whip up a number of different tastes and textures by making simple adjustments.


Each recipe is simple yet delicious, and none of them require expensive special ingredients. With this booklet, you can dig into the pantry and create


    Rich Fudge Brownies

    Sweet White Bread

    Easy English Muffins

    Flexible Cornbread

    Rolled Tortillas

    and more!


I am not a professional chef. I don't have a cooking show on TV and I don't claim to know everything under the sun about baking bread. I am simply a 40 something year old woman who learned to cook from scratch as a child and have done so regularly throughout life. I love to make baked goods and I'm quite good at it.


I strongly believe in creating food that is filling, flavorful and satisfying. I do not like sweet for sweet's sake for example - sugar is not a flavor in my world, it's a compliment - but I love rich and flavorful. If you're not sure of the difference, trust me, you will understand fully after you've made my Rich Fudge Brownies :


All of my base recipes use standard pantry items. I look for new recipes when I'm in the mood to cook - not shop.


I always have a supply of pantry staples on hand so that I can cook whenever the mood strikes. If you are a strict beginner to baking bread and related sweets at home, you may find there are ingredients you'll need to purchase. I've provided a pantry staples list in the baking basics section of this book to help you get those initial supplies stocked.


This book uses standard American measurements and abbreviations. If you are unfamiliar with these, refer to the measurements reference section at the end.

