Directory List & Print Pro

Directory List & Print is a software tool for Windows and enables listing and printing the content of any directory in a simplest way. By copying to the clipboard the lists can be exported into other programs or opened directly in Word and Excel.

Featues:

Save own directory favorites.
Set directory recursion depth for subdirectories.
Display of file attributes such as Read Only, Hidden, System, etc.
Calculate CRC32 checksums for files.
Display of title of document files (pdf,doc,docx,xls,xlsx,ppt,pptx).
Display of extent of document files if possible (pdf,doc,docx,xlsx,pptx).
Display the version number and title of executables (exe,dll).
Display format of audio/video and image files.
Display of dimensions like width, height, bit depth, dpi or frames/s.
Display duration and title of audio and video files.
Display of sampling and bit rates for audio files.
Display of frame rate and bit rate of video files.
Display of a continuous numbering of the objects.
Display of column titles in the first row.
Show number and sum of size and length of the displayed objects.
Display of the date in many different international formats.
Display the duration of media files in different time formats.
Set filter to certain file size range.
Set filter to include or exclude certain file types.
Set filter to include or exclude files and directories by certain terms.
Set filter to include or exclude files by date range, date created or modified.
Set filter to include or exclude files by attributes (archive, read-only etc.).
Set filter on length of filenames, eg. to analyze the file system when copying it to a new directory structure (path+filename, filename only, &gt;, =, &lt;).
Output the list directly to the default printer.
Output the list as HTML table (font and color etc. customizable).
Output the list as XML file.
Output the list in comma- or tab-delimited file or CSV file.
Linking of files and directories in ExcelΓäó and HTML output for direct open by mouse click. 
(This function is customizable for any language variant of Excel)

System Requirements:

Microsoft WindowsΓäó XP/Vista/7/8 (32bit application, executable on 64bit).
About 10 MB disk space.

Homepage: http://www.infonautics.ch 

Installation Instructions:

- No need of Installation, Keep program folder anywhere and run.
- Pre-Activated Pro, No any key/crack needed.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.