v
Release: Why Me? [Armand Assante] (1984) DVDRip Oldies
Title: Why Me?
Title in Brazil: Porque Eu?
Uploader: labok
Size: 1,30 GB
Genre: Drama
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 100 mins
Resolução: 720 x 480
Video Codec: DIVX  
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: MP3  
Taxa de Biltrate: 192 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 7,0 (awaiting 124 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088398/
Directed By:  Fielder Cook 

Starring:  

Glynnis O'Connor ... Leola Mae Harmon
Armand Assante ... Dr. James Stallings
Craig Wasson ... Brian Harmon
Annie Potts ... Daria
Michael Sacks ... Dr. Harry Jarrick
Bruce Abbott ... Markus
Richard Backus ... Civilian Doctor
William Frankfather ... Dental Corps Doctor
Kenneth Kimmins ... Chief of Surgery
Lenka Peterson ... Leola Mae's Mother
Milton Selzer ... Colonel
William Windom ... General
Harley Scott ... Michael

Synopis:

An Air Force nurse about to leave the service is badly disfigured about her face in a car accident in which she also loses her baby. Her husband cannot deal with her disfigurement and she goes through a depression wondering why she was kept alive. The drunk driver who ploughed into her car is let off with a very lenient punishment, too. A doctor at the hospital sees potential in reconstructing this nurse's face. This doctor extends her enlistment so this nurse will be eligible for medical treatment covered by the armed forces over the entire course of the reconstructive surgeries. In the course of the reconstruction, the doctor and the nurse must overcome several obstacles. These range from the personal, where the nurse wonders if the doctor is only doing this for his own fame, to the bureaucracy, which has problems with the use of labial tissue from the vaginal area to reconstruct the nurse's lips. All through her treatment the nurse continues her duties at the hospital when she is ... 
        
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
Leola May Harmon é uma enfermeira da força aérea americana que tem sua vida subitamente transformada quando sofre um trágico acidente de automóvel que deforma completamente seu rosto. Este filme conta a história real de Leola. A transformação de sua vida, as cirurgias que teve que enfrentar, as consequências em seu casamento e sua relação com o médico Dr. James Stallings que a operou e a acompanhou durante todo este doloroso processo pelo qual teve que passar. Um filme muito humano que toca poeticamente em assuntos como a beleza, a vaidade, o amor e a auto-superação.
 

