Auslogics File Recovery

Auslogics File Recovery 3 - An effective and easy to use program that will recover accidentally deleted files and files deleted by virus attacks and software faults.

Recover Any File
Often we delete a file, then clear the Recycle Bin and the file is lost. Software programs sometimes crash during a transaction with a file and this can accidentally delete the file. Viruses are another common cause of data loss. This is where File Recovery comes to rescue. With this program you can recover deleted documents, music, digital photos, applications and all other files from your hard drive, USB memory sticks or digital camera memory cards.

Flexible Search System
You can take advantage of the flexible search options to minimize file recovery time. The program allows you to select the drives you want to scan for deleted files and specify the types of files you are searching for. If you remember when the deleted files were last modified, you can specify a date range. In addition to that, you can search deleted files by name

Restore Data from Lost Partitions
File Recovery can locate the information about deleted portions of the disk, so that you will be able to recover files from a lost partition. This even applies to deleted portions of the disk that got reallocated for other partitions. File Recovery also detects files that were on the disk before it got formatted. And if it was just a quick format of a partition, the program will be able to recover these files.

Securely Erase Files
File Shredder is a valuable feature that should be used by anyone who wishes to ensure immediate and complete deletion of a confidential file from the current disk drive. Few users realize that files deleted in a usual way can be restored by powerful recovery programs such as Auslogics File Recovery even when the Recycle Bin is emptied. Files deleted with File Shredder cannot be restored by any file recovery software.

Support for Any Types of Drives And Devices
Auslogics File Recovery guarantees professional recovery of all file types from all kinds of media. With the program you can recover files deleted from your PC, external hard drives and USB sticks in a quick and easy way. The program also supports all types of digital cameras' and camcorders' memory cards, so any recently deleted picture or movie from your digital camera can be restored as well.

System Requirements: 

Windows 8 & Windows 7,
Vista (with SP2) & XP (with SP3)
32-bit and 64-bit (Windows 8 and 7)
15 MB available hard disk space
256 MB RAM

Homepage: http://www.auslogics.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.