Category: Games
Updated: Jan 23, 2013
Version: 1.3.2
Size: 27.3 MB
Language: English
Seller: Park Jong-suk
© INT SQUARE

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 4.3 or later.


Description

Be the hero of Calun Continent!
You must protect the princess and save young girls from the army of darkness.
Do you have what it takes to be a hero?

─────────────────────
★★★ Features ★★★

★ Explosive Side-Scrolling Action RPG
- Hone your search, destroy, and rescue tactics by tailoring your inventory to meet the unique challenges posed by each stage.
Grenades, mines, traps, scrolls, various weapons, and multitudes of consumable items add up to flexible ferocity!

★ Wipe out hordes of enemies with thrilling combos!
- Use just one button to do various combo attacks!
(On/Off in game option)

★ Breathtaking Party Play: Protect the mage princess!
- Do a good job of protecting Her Highness, and she'll use her magic to help you in combat.
- The princess can be either a Cleric or Mage, and you can upgrade her like you would your main character—teach her skills, equip gear, and increase her Level to access more powerful abilities.

★ Randomized Maps
- Randomized terrain is complemented by the randomized map system
not only are the individual areas newly created each time you play, the map generated by each new game is unique—you rely entirely on your instincts and crystal detector to find the fairy prisoner and the boss you must defeat!

★ Rich Content
- Over 150 items and upgradeable gears with various options
- RPG-inspired skill system gives your character an incredible 44 different skills to learn and upgrade
- After playing the 5 Normal stages, you can move on to the Survival and Hell modes where you can enjoy fights in up to 999 Waves.

★ Unbelievably smooth controls optimized for all iPhone specs
- Game performance is optimized for iPhones including iPod Touch.
- Enjoy lag-free, smooth gameplay under any circumstances.



What's New in Version 1.3.2

Some bug fixes
