
Office Freaks 5: It`s on and CRACKIN` in the office TODAY!! Remember what happens in the office stays...

    Scene 1. Taylor Starr, Prince Yahshua
    Scene 2. Melody Nakai, Nat Turnher
    Scene 3. Stacie Lane, Rock The Icon
    Scene 4. Samone Taylor, Rico Strong
    Scene 5. Misty Stone, Prince Yahshua

Length 1 hrs. 36 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Oct 15 2010
Production Year 2010
Studio  West Coast Productions

Actresses:
    Melody Nakai [Facial]
    Misty Stone
    Samone Taylor
    Stacie Lane [Facial]
    Taylor Starr (as Taylor Star) [Facial]

Actors:
    Nat Turnher (as Nat Turner)
    Prince Yahshua (as Prince)
    Rico Strong
    Rock The Icon

 The Movie: Prince and Rock are going to make a porno and girls are showing up wanting an audition. Yes, that's all there is for a setup in each of the scenes.

Scene 1 – Taylor Starr and Prince Yahshua

When fresh black babe Taylor Starr in brought into Prince's office, she quickly strips down on command and Prince is told he has to shoot her quick the same day as her manager works a business deal. It doesn't take Prince long to start stripping down to join her, and soon after he has Taylor on her knees working him over orally. He bends her over the desk to take her from behind before having Taylor suck him clean, and also gets in a little face fucking with her. Prince sits back in a chair to let Taylor ride him reverse cowgirl style, and she happily sucks him a little more before getting back on for a sidesaddle ride that nicely shows off her great ass. He takes Taylor from behind in a chair and finally drops a nice creamy pop in her mouth before sending her off to get cleaned up.


Scene 2 – Melody Nakai and Nat Turnher

After catching a little of their video, Prince happily sits back to watch short and slightly thick Melody and Nat audition for him in person. Melody happily helps Nat from his pants into her mouth and gives him some great eyes as she works him over orally. They move to the couch for a bit of missionary work before moving on with a cowgirl ride and some doggie action. Melody gets back on top for a reverse cowgirl ride before taking to her back again for a bit more missionary work. Finally Nat brings a very limp looking cock up to pop in her closed mouth with a white cum-like substance dripping out afterwards.


Scene 3 – Stacie Lane and Rock the Icon

While taking a break, Rock catches Stacie sneaking in the back door and threatens to call the cops on her. She begs for mercy before dropping down to start sucking his cock, and gives him plenty of great eyes as well as a bit of throat and stroking as she works him over. Stacie bends over to let Rock take her from behind against a wall with plenty more oral action mixed in before laying back and letting him fuck her missionary style. Finally she takes a nice facial finish.


Scene 4 – Samone Taylor and Rico Strong

As Samone tries to find a little something to inspire Rico for his audition, she bends over and gives it to him. He moves up to admire her ass and she reaches back to stroke his cock before letting him go right to fucking her from behind with a few slaps for her nice round ass mixed in. Samone turns around to give him a bit of head before stripping down and laying back to take it missionary style. She moves on to ride Rico reverse cowgirl style with a little more head mixed in as well as letting him take her from behind again. Finally Rico lets Samone have a nice load on her ass before she turns around to suck the last bit out.


Scene 5 – Misty Stone and Prince Yahshua

Super hot Misty lets Prince snap a few stills of her before the action cuts to her completely naked with Prince pumping her from behind. She turns around to eagerly suck and stroke him, and even lets Prince fuck her face a little before getting up to ride him in the cowgirls. They move to the desk for some missionary work and spooning with Prince also mixing in a little pussy eating. They finish fucking with Prince taking Misty from behind with both of them standing on his desk before he unloads on her amazing face and lets Misty lick and suck up the damage. 
