Cute blond next door is bound helpless, brutally fucked, tossed around like a rag doll! SQUIRTING! | Alice Frost | Matt Williams

February 18, 2013 
 
    
MP4 only.
    
 
Welcome Alice Frost back to Sexually Broken. We love Alice so much- she is a giver, she gives you everything you want during sex. She gives it all, she lets you take it all, and that is a rare thing my friends.

It's Gauntlet time, where we bind the model into a helpless state, then fuck the holy shit right out of them. They never have time to catch up, we fuck them in every position and every wet hole. They cum over and over, helpless to do anything but suck, get fucked, squirt and moan. It is a complete overload, we wreck their brains. From the intense deep throating, to the cervix pounding fucking, we make them cum with cock over and over. 

Alice is blindfolded, ring gagged, on her back with cock in her tight pussy. Her big natural tits are bound into tight little balls of flesh, her huge nipples popping straight up and out. The cock slides in and out, Alice can only moan as we fuck her helpless body, and we fuck it hard and well. Within seconds we have Alice in subspace and cum drunk. She is getting tossed around the bed like a tiny rag doll as the cock is used as a weapon. We throat fuck her hard and deep, some how she just takes and takes and takes. She has completely surrendered her mouth to us and we take it hard.

We go from pounding her pussy to fucking her throat over and over, never giving her a break, She can't think straight as the cock turns her into a mindless sex zombie. Orgasm after orgasm, non stop. In the end we bind Alice into a pile driver and make her squirt all over her own face. Drenched in her own cum and whoreness we leave our cute blonde trapped on the bed with her ass up, just begging for more cock. 
 
Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/02_18afrost3/SexuallyBroken-Alice-Frost-Matt-Williams-Cute-blond-next-door-is-bound-helpless-brutally-fucked-tossed-around-like-a-rag-doll-SQUIRTING.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

