The FastDiet: Lose Weight, Stay Healthy, and Live Longer with the Simple Secret of Intermittent Fasting 
by Michael Mosley and Mimi Spencer 
Atria Books | February 2013 | ISBN-10: 1476734941 | ePUB/PDF | 770 kb/24 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-FastDiet-Healthy-Intermittent-Fasting/dp/1476734941

The official US edition of the international bestseller—containing US measurements and a month's worth of meals in color.
Is it possible to eat normally, five days a week, and become slimmer and healthier as a result?
Simple answer: yes. You just limit your calorie intake for two nonconsecutive days each week—500 calories for women, 600 for men. You’ll lose weight quickly and effortlessly with the FastDiet.

Scientific trials of intermittent fasters have shown that it will not only help the pounds fly off, but also reduce your risk of a range of diseases from diabetes to cardiovascular disease and even cancer. “The scientific evidence is strong that intermittent fasting can improve health,” says Dr. Mark Mattson, Chief of the Laboratory of Neurosciences, National Institute on Aging, and Professor of Neuroscience, Johns Hopkins University.

This book brings together the results of new, groundbreaking research to create a dietary program that can be incorporated into your busy daily life, featuring:
• Forty 500- and 600-calorie meals that are quick and easy to make
• 8 pages of photos that show you what a typical “fasting meal” looks like
• The cutting-edge science behind the program
• A calorie counter that makes dieting easy
• And much more.

Far from being just another fad, the FastDiet is a radical new way of thinking about food, a lifestyle choice that could transform your health. This is your indispensable guide to simple and effective weight loss, without fuss or the need to endlessly deprive yourself.

About the Authors 
http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/514380ab69beddd35f000003-400-300/the-52-diet-based-on-intermittent-fasting-is-different-from-calorie-restriction-or-starving.jpg
Dr. Michael Mosley is a British journalist, producer, and TV presenter.
Mimi Spencer is a journalist and author. A feature writer and columnist for newspapers and magazines, she is the co-author of The FastDiet and the author of 101 Things to Do Before You Diet.