DVBViewer Pro

DVBViewer allows you to experience Digital TV on your PC. With a proper DVB card you can enter the world of digital entertainment and experience high quality, incredibly sharp TV pictures and near CD quality radio! It provides all basic functions you need to enjoy digital television and radio programs. In addition, DVBViewer offers you a wide range of advanced features such as Teletext, Electronic Programming Guide, Remote Control support and enhanced recording capabilities which enable you to record your favourite shows on hard-disc, edit them or share them with your friends.

DVBViewer contains functions which are groundbreaking : It was the first program with a so called DesktopTV mode and in its category the only product which offers AC-3 and Timeshifting features. It is even possible to handle more than one DVB device at the same time. Further on the multimedia skills of the DVBViewer do not need to hide behind other mediacenters. From playing multimedia contents up to receiving RSS newsfeeds, weather data, everything is possible.

Features:

» Assistance from the program's community in case of problems
» Absolutely free scalable window size
» Borderless fullscreen
» Possibility to hide any visible user interface
» Always on top functionality
» Changeable Hotkeys for nearly every function
» WinLIRC support
» Changeable aspect ratio
» Extended information in the statusbar
» Power saving after closing the DVBViewer
» Acceleration of Jaws for visually impaired users
» Extended functionality with plugin usage
» Individual COM-Interface functions for Java- or Visualbasic Script usage
» Plugin API to create your own plugins
» TCP and UDP-Multicast Network Streaming
» Flexible Architecture
» And some other useful functions

Supported OS:

XP,Vista and Windows 7
you need a HDTV-capable MPEG2 decoder for it, i.e. NVIDIA or WinDVD

Homepage: http://www.dvbviewer.com/en/index.php

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register with given key file.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
