Grand Theft Auto Vice City Repack R.G.Catalyst

Released: 2003 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / Arcade / Racing (Cars / Motorcycles) / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer: Rockstar North 
Publisher: Rockstar Games 
Game Version: 1.1 
Language: English / French / German / Italian / Spanish / Russian  / Ukrainian 
Sound language: English / Russian 
Publication Type: Repack 


Operating system: Windows XP / Seven 
Processor: Intel Celeron / AMD Duron 1,2 GHz 
Memory: 256 MB 
Video: 64 MB 
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible 
Free space on hard disk: 1.46 GB 


Welcome to 1980!
Weiss-City - a real gem of the South. City of vice and luxury, where wealth and poverty coexist, palaces and slums.

After spending fifteen years in prison, Tommy Vercetti is returned to Liberty-City. But here he was not happy. The former boss of a gangster, Sonny Forelli, to get rid of Tommy, but at the same time earn money to send to hell - at Weiss-City, in the south of the country. Vercetti but can not cope with the request, and loses everything. Status of the helpless hero does not envy: not only is that Sony needs to repay the debt, so still, it seems that on the whole he fought Tommy Weiss-City: biker gang, Cuban gangsters, corrupt politicians - everyone wants to kill Vercetti. What is left? Just kick back and try to clean up the entire city to criminal hands



Game Features: 

"Huge, detailed game world: Weiss-City metropolitan area, which is constantly something going on regardless of the player's actions. 
"More than thirty kinds of weapon: brass knuckles, batons, guns, machine guns, grenades, bazookas and more. 
"The different vehicles that can be controlled: cars, motorcycles, boats and even - the helicopter. 
"A huge number of totally disparate tasks from the sale of ice cream and delivered the pizza to buying property and killing a police officer. 
"Great musical accompaniment: a few hours of music on nine radio stations in the stellar teams of the 1980s, including representatives of various musical styles - from disco to hard'n'hevi. 



Do not cut / no recoded 
Option to set different combinations of locations 
Option to install radio 
Ability to download any radio 
Unlocked option "Trails" (Motion blur) (adapted to all orders) 
Installation Time ~ 20 min 
