LineZer0!

cpN cRo

presents

Game.Dev.Tycoon v1.3.9

Release Date: 2013-06-05
Nfo Date: 2013-06-05
Num. Disks: xx/23 OS: Windows
Nfo Time: 13:37 Rel Type: Retail
Cracker: Team Lz0 Archive: lz0*.rar
Packer: Team Lz0 Rating: Your choice
Supplier: Team Lz0 Language: English
Protection: N/A
Requirements: N/A: Always use a firewall
Publisher URL: http://www.greenheartgames.com/
Publisher: Greenheart.Games

(- ) Keyfile / License (- ) Emulator
(- ) Patch (- ) Serial
(- ) Cracked .EXE / .DLL (- ) Retail
(- ) Keygen (- ) Trainer
(- ) Loader (x ) Other

1999 - 2013

I N F O

Game Dev Tycoon is a business simulation game available for
Windows, Mac and Linux as well as on the Windows 8 Store. In
Game Dev Tycoon you replay the history of the gaming industry
by starting your own video game development company in the 80s
Create best selling games. Research new technologies and invent
new game types. Become the leader of the market and gain
worldwide fans

Start your adventure in a small garage office in the 80s. Enjoy
the hand-crafted level design while you develop your first
simple games. Gain experience, unlock new options and create
your first game engine

Once you have successfully released a few games you can move
into your own office and forge a world-class development team
Hire staff, train them and unlock new options

With experience and a good team, you can release larger, more
complex games. Larger games bring new challenges and you will
have to manage your team well to deliver hit games

Move beyond just releasing games and conduct industry-changing
projects by unlocking labs later in the game. There are a
number of secret projects that can be completed

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install
2) Enjoy this release!

NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has
enough privileges
