POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SNR - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 54 - An Uncertain Future


POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh and The Holy Spirit.

Description:

The Vatican & Aliens 2013:
"... that this holy order could be part of one of the biggest cover-ups in UFO history. . . .the church is getting ready to embrace outside of planet earth as part of creation. According to UFO theorists, the Vatican has possessed knowledge of alien life, for centuries . . . "

April 8th (2005) at 6:03 AM hours before John Paul's funeral, an unidentified flying object is filmed by a security camera observing St Peter's Basilica. Could this mysterious object be evidence of a connection between the Vatican and alien life? A connection that theorists and historians believe has existed since the creation of the {RCC} church.

Giordanao Bruno . . . suggesting that science dictates life on other planets. . . . in 1600, Bruno was found guilty of heresy and burned at the stake. . . . the first person in history executed by the [RCC] for belief in Extraterrestrials . . . . . . was Bruno sacrificed to cover up a secret the church has allegedly hidden for the past 1500 years?

Secrets, secrets, and more secrets... prepare for the Vatican's future public release stating alien life is real and then prepare "to be assimulated." All part of the "new age" agenda for the end-times. Coming soon to a theater near you!  Are you ready?  "God forgives, Jesus saves!"

New Evidence We Are Not Alone:
A 2013 UFO documentary focusing on the Hawaii landscape and related UFO activity featuring interviews and HD videos from various locals. Offering very good UFO footage from the region, but for those having more discernment, this documentary is also indicative of how these events are slowly being exposed within the mainstream media. Listening closely, the commentary offers insight into the "new age" deception that will accompany these events as they are released to the public. Prepare for the Transcendental Awakening accompanied by the spiritual consciousness or enlightenment that will be heightened by these events. With the involvement of "the Galatic Federation of Lights" and "the Star Family," this satanic fellowship (and alein demonic forces) will attempt to convince mankind that we are their offspring and during the rise of the antichrist.

Chemtrails - Conspiracy Con 2011  Sofia Smallstorm:
This is a must see!!  As the natural world dies around us, what will take its place? Planetary engineering includes bioremediation measures to bring us genetically engineered trees and crops. And what of humans themselves? How are we being transformed from the inside out?

Presented at Conspiracy Con 2011, this 1 hour power point presentation by Sofia Smallstorm introduces primary and scientific findings hidden in the muffles of mainstream alternative media.

People around the world are observing aerosol spraying (also called "chemtrials") and strange man-made clouds. White skies filter sunlight as trees around the country sicken and die. Soil and water tests high for heavy metals, and artificial fibres fall on us from the sky.

Is aerosol spraying only about experimenting with weather? What do the self-replicating fibres found in Morgellons patients signify? Why are engineered materials being found in airborne environmental samples?

All this suggests a planetary engineering program that is affecting and targeting all living things. Synthetic biology is science's most exciting new frontier, combining genetics, robotics and nano-technology with artificial intelligence, hybridizing natural forms and engineering tissues beyond our wildest dreams. The technology explosion is skyrocketing, and artificial intelligence will soon surpass our own capabilities.

How will our world be organized then? WIll we turn ourselves over to machines? Or will we have become technological hybrids ourselves?

2012 Documentary of an Uncertain Future:
This documentary is a people's history of the last two years presented in chilling and dramatic raw news footage. A chronological compilation of unprecedented and record breaking earthquakes, storms, and UFOs. Strange sounds heard worldwide and unusual global unrest. Extreme weather and mass media UFO sightings, what should we expect in 2013? Who do you choose to follow? Please choose wisely!



This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
