This almost fills a request by binderguy1 ... I tried to get the I AM COYOTE collected edition, but while it has been scanned, around a dozen searches led me to unseeded or partially seeded torrents. We'll have to stick with the black and white serialized version in these awesome ECLIPSE MAGAZINE scans by LeonardTSpock. (The story that would become I AM COYOTE was first printed in E.M. #2-8.)
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/8002452/Eclipse_Magazine

The torrent I'm posting contains the second run of Coyote adventures, published by Epic (a Marvel Comics imprint) between 1983-1986. It ran 16 issues before cancellation due to low sales.

COYOTE 01-16 (1983-1986)

Please seed and share with our friends here at TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

From steveenglehart.com:

COYOTE was the first series to show where creators could go if they thought beyond comics as they were, and has been cited by dozens of comics pros as an influence on their careers. It was rated one of America's Top 8 comics. Its interracial romance got it banned in parts of the country.

Following Marshall Rogers's run on I AM COYOTE, Steve Leialoha drew two gorgeous issues of this series before giving way to Jackson Guice for one, and then Chas Truog for the remainder.

Kurt Busiek later commissioned a prose story for his projected anthology of creator-owned heroes, but that book never appeared and "How Coyote Dissed the Sky" remains unpublished.

NOTES:

#6: I created a character called X-Caliber. Marvel later tried to buy the name and when I demurred, they created a series called Excalibur. Valiant later got into a fight with Marvel over Valiant's book, X-O MANOWAR, and licensed X-Caliber from me to battle back. Who could ever have guessed?

#7-10: THE DJINN, with art by Steve Ditko, ran as a backup series.

#11: SLASH, with art by Todd McFarlane, ran as a backup story. It was Todd's first pro work.

#12-14: SCORPIO ROSE, with art by Todd McFarlane, ran as a backup series.

#14: Mike Baron's Badger guest-starred.

#15-16: I posited the idea that the Soviet Union might one day be free. It seemed an unthinkable fantasy to everyone, myself included. Who could ever have guessed?