screens;
 
http://baypic.net/img-519783a95e5ed.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-519783cd3c87b.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-519783d888e7f.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-519783e6de752.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-519783f5619b1.html

Starring Cassandra Nix, Cici Rhodes, Claire Robbins, Krissy Lynn, Leyla Falcon

Categories Anal, Ass to mouth, Big Breast, Blonde

Directed by : Mike Adriano


Porn superstud and über-pervert Mike Adriano is ready to set your screen on fire with his hot, new two-disc collection of outrageously filthy butt play, “Anal Inferno #2.” In five epic encounters featuring the most gorgeous and talented anal starlets around, Mike plunders big, gaping booties and captures extreme prolapses, raunchy rim jobs and nasty ass-to-mouth cocksucking with his signature POV+ camerawork. This one is a scorcher! First, stunning brunettes Cici Rhodes and Sarah Shevon go the limit in a sick rectal three-way, gagging on the director’s big boner and wetly tonguing every bunghole in sight. Amid the intense ass fucking and insane anal gapes, Sarah ejaculates in a squirting climax and makes her colon expand like a fleshy, glistening rose. Cici even dips a lollipop into Sarah’s nasty rose-butt and sucks it clean! Next, busty blonde Leya Falcon squeezes her gigantic knockers and massages her taut sphincter in anticipation. Leya chokes on dick until her mascara drips and her cleavage is slathered with slimy spit, then gets her blooming anus pumped full of throbbing meat. Mike spurts cum into her open mouth. Two gorgeous redheads — sassy, freckled Scarlett Wild and pale cutie Claire Robbins — get their most twisted butthole fantasies fulfilled, and each lewdly tongues the other’s gaping asshole. Claire and Scarlett give Mike’s meat a slobbery double-blow job with ball-slurping intensity, and they share a gooey cum load. Adorable blonde Sierra Day endures a backdoor trial by fire in her very first anal scene; she prolapses like a champ and Mike lewdly pushes her colon back inside with the swollen head of his stiff member. Sweet cock lovers Liv Aguilera and Cassandra Nix get rudely and happily sodomized, their elastic backdoors stretching to full dilation, and they savor each other’s anal flavor. There’s also a bonus three-way butt fuck starring super-slutty ass enthusiasts Krissy Lynn and Mariah Madysinn. “Anal Inferno #2” is for fans that take their rectal obsessions to the deepest level. Burn, baby, burn!