TIRED OF THE STOCK MARKET'S UPS AND DOWNS?

Get off the Wall Street roller coaster with strategic dividend investing!

"Peris is way out in front of the Wall Street pack. His book makes a case for dividend-driven investing that no one in this back-to-basics era should ignore."
Josh Peters, Editor, The Morningstar Dividend Investor

"Peris is a leading portfolio manager in the dividend investing space, and his results and insights add tremendous value to any portfolio. Whether you're an individual investor or an institution portfolio manager, The Strategic Dividend Investor is an absolute must read in this challenging market environment."
Don Dion, President, Dion Money Management, and Editor, The Fidelity Independent Adviser

"In this lively and persuasive polemic, Daniel Peris forcefully reminds us what equity investing is really all about: SHOW ME THE MONEY!"
Ian Kennedy, former Director of Research, Cambridge Associates

About the Book:

There's a big difference between investing in the stock market and investing in companies through the stock market. The Strategic Dividend Investor shows you why, over the long run, investing in companies with high and rising distributions is far superior to "playing the market."

Responsible for $4.5 billion in dividend-anchored portfolios, Daniel Peris demonstrates that, for most investors, buying a stock in the hope of making a quick buck by selling it in a few weeks or months is far from the best way to create wealth. Instead, you should use the stock market as a means of receiving a share of excess profits—dividends—from corporations in which you own stock. Over time, those payments—and the growth of those payments—represent the vast majority of stock market returns.

The Strategic Dividend Investor outlines the key issues you need to address in order to create a solid dividend portfolio, including how to: View the stock market as a business venture rather than as a platform for speculation Strike the right balance between current yield and dividend growth Learn to assess the ability and inclination of a company to pay and increase its dividends over time

The real key to mastering the stock market is to take the stock out of the equation and treat your outlay as you would any other business investment—with an eye to the long term and to cash returns.

By contrast, the "buy low, sell high, repeat frequently" philosophy foisted on the investing public has been wrecking portfolios on Main Street for decades, all the while generating big profits for Wall Street. But after a decade of mediocre returns from the stock market—highlighted by two dramatic crashes—now is the time to refocus your portfolio on dividends, and The Strategic Dividend Investor will show you how.