
                         -=- Proudly Presents -=-

    The Settlers 7 Paths to a Kingdom Deluxe Gold Edition DLC Enabler


Release On   : 27 February 2013       Disk Amount/Format : DOX
Type of Game : Strategy               Media Protection   : UBI DRM


Release Information:

Deluxe Gold Edition Includes:

13 exclusive maps: 6 multiplayer maps and 7 single player campaigns.

A dozen new buildings. Including the Crypt, Order of Knights, Infernal
mine.

Over 30 new locations. Including Field of Mandrake, Treasure Island,
Pilgrimage site.

Castle forge elements allowing players to make their cities unique and
customize their castles: 1 gate, 2 windows, 1 bay, 1 balcony and 1
gargoyle.

About the Game:

Choose your own path to victory in The Settlers 7: Paths to a Kingdom,
the long-anticipated sequel to the award-winning strategy game. Embark
on an exciting quest to create, build and manage your kingdom in the
most innovative, customizable and re-playable version ever!

Immerse Yourself in a Captivating Story
Unravel an intriguing and unexpected story as you play. Combat enemies
all across the land in a quest to conquer a formidable kingdom. Defeat
ruthless kings, forbidding lords and dark knights on your quest for
victory. Uncover undisclosed traitors along your path and turn enemies
into allies to pave your path to victory.

Experience a Vast and Beautiful Kingdom
A beautiful, colorful world awaits you with a level of detail unseen
before now! A flourishing kingdom full of bustling Settlers will
enthrall you from the very first moment.

Build, Develop and Manage Your Emerging Domain
Enjoy a deep and rich building and production system as you create a
kingdom of fortified towns, small villages and productive settlers.
Make critical decisions as you expand your realm. Should you optimize
production chains, build transport systems, construct new buildings or
increase worker efficiency? Every choice you make builds a critical
path to victory or defeat.

Key Features:

Expand Your Empire Your Way
Experience more freedom than ever before as you choose your own custom
strategy. Build strong armies and defeat your opponents in epic
battles. Be the first to develop new and attractive technologies. Or,
let money rule and occupy the most lucrative trade routes. It s
completely up to you to devise your ideal strategy for beating your
opponents.

Innovative Victory Point System
Every match is truly unique with the new victory point system. A new
level of tension is reached as you and your opponents collect points
based on victories you achieve throughout the game. Every decision
counts as you engage in tactics to earn the most points by:

Conquering Map Sectors
Building the Biggest Army
Occupying the Most Trade Routes
Developing New Technologies
Becoming the Richest Kingdom
And More!

More Customization than Ever Before
Experience a highly customizable experience as you:

Unlock new items that are unique to you
Create and customize maps to your needs
Adjust the victory point system based on your individual preferences
Select a fast or slow mode of play
Choose the length of your game from quick match to an extended campaign
Select your level of difficulty
Play against a variety of AI profiles, up to 4 players or in team mode

Build Your Own Castle
Bring even more customization to your game as you assemble your castle
from a wide range of styles, designs and architectural details. You and
your friends can share your creations online.

Social Networking Integration
Deep social networking integration lets you bring your gaming experience
to your social circle:
Invite friends to compete or cooperate, upload screen shots,
display your gaming status

Twitter: Provide summaries of your achievements as you play and receive
the latest product news


Burn/mount, unpack into your The Settlers 7 main folder and overwrite!

Remember to block game from internet.


Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO


                                                                  (C) E/dfs
                         " SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "
[/pre]