S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Borderlands 2: Sir Hammerlock's Big Game Hunt DLC

20-01-2013......Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...........Steam + CEG
FPS/RPG............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)......................DLC

RELEASE NOTES

In Sir Hammerlock's Big Game Hunt, the third campaign add-on for
Borderlands 2, players will enter an uncharted territory deep in the
swamps of Pandora where a massive Hyperion ship has crashed. The
wreckage is rumored to have stockpiles of loot. But watch out, mutated
creatures, and armies of savages also have an interest in the ship. As
ferocious and primal as they may seem, the mysterious Professor
Nakayama claims to be their diabolical leader, and he's calling all the
shots

Features:

The Best guns in Borderlands 2 yet! This safari trip ain't just bout
taking down big game with huge, senselessly overpowered weapons. It's
also about hunting for new loot in an effort to glean Seraph crystals
and get even bigger guns to take back into the main game

Defend Hammerlock's Hacienda: Seek out Sir Hammerlock and his rustic
hunting lodge, man the turrets and fan boats to take out enemy
vehicles, babysit Hammerlock's pet Skag and wait for him to... ewwww

To Hunt and Be Hunted: Face a new Raid Boss, new World Bosses, mutant
creatures great and greater, and waves of foul-odor-ed heathen hoards
In the swamp, no one can hear your smell

All New Swamp Location: Alien vegetation, marshy water, scraggly
mountains, and rolling mist form a dangerous and exotic zone, all in
an as-of-yet-unseen part of Pandora

New Swamp Vehicle: Head out in to the swamps on the new loaded Swamp
Fan Boat to do battle against enemy vehicles and mutant big game
overalls and moonshine not included

New Heads & Skins: Spoils are awarded to those who seek out and defeat
the rarest enemies in the Swamps. If it's on the endangered species
list; kill it immediately, because it's all about you

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install our Borderlands.2-SKIDROW release
2. Install our Borderlands.2.v1.3.2.Update-SKIDROW
3. Unpack this release
4. Run Borderlands.2.Sir.Hammerlocks.Big.Game.Hunt.DLC.exe
5. Install
6. Copy the cracked content from the update and into the main install
folder and overwrite
7. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
8. Play the game
9. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This DLC package requires v1.3.2 Update!

If you want all the other DLC released for this game - get our release
Borderlands.2.Mr.Torgues.Campaign.of.Carnage.DLC.Proper-SKIDROW

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/B4QHRfa.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/KkEk6k8.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/tlWFDXp.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/gY84ksU.jpg


SEED AND ENJOY!