
  Texas is the Reason - Do You Know Who You Are? (2013) [FLAC]

  Released: 2013
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Alternative
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 1,000 kpbs
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz
 
  01 Johnny On The Spot
  02 The Magic Bullet Theory
  03 Nickel Wound
  04 There's No Way I Can Talk Myself Out Of This One Tonight
  05 Something To Forget (Version II)
  06 Do You Know Who You Are?
  07 Back And To The Left
  08 The Day's Refrain
  09 A Jack With One Eye
  10 Every Little Girl's Dream (previously unreleased)
  11 When Rock 'N' Roll Was Just A Baby (previously unreleased)
  12 Blue Boy
  13 Something To Forget (Version I)
  14 If It's Here When We Get Back It's Ours
  15 Dressing Cold
  16 Antique

  They came from some of the most popular, if not polarizing hardcore bands of the early '90s, but by the time Texas is the Reason formed in 1994, a new aesthetic crystallized almost instantly and reduced its members' previous efforts to history. Indeed, it was only a year later, when Revelation Records released the band's self-titled EP - their name derived from a lyric in the Misfits song "Bullet" - that Texas is the Reason were already headlining their own tours in America and well on their way to defining a new moment in post-punk.

  In April of 1996, the band reinforced that initial success with their first and only album, produced by Jawbox's J. Robbins and named after the last words that John Lennon was alleged to have heard: "Do You Know Who You Are?" In the years since, Spin, Alternative Press, and Paste would all go on to call "Do You Know Who You Are?" an essential '90s album. Unfortunately, after a year of heavy promotion and touring for the record, inner-band tension came to a head, and Texas is the Reason officially split in 1997.

  This new expanded version of Texas Is The Reason's groundbreaking album includes the last two songs the band wrote before splitting up, but had never released. These two songs, which fit right into the band's canon, were finally put to tape this year with "Do You Know Who You Are?" producer J. Robbins - making this, for the first time, a complete career retrospective.