CleanMyMac 2 2.0.3 Cracked.

CleanMyMac 2 is a simple and powerful application for keeping your Mac clean, organized and free of files that slow it down.

System Requirements: OS X 10.7+


Description

Clean Your Entire Mac
A clean Mac is a happy Mac. With one click, you can scan every inch of your Mac. Automatic Cleanup algorithms will then remove only those files that are 100% safe to delete, so you never have to worry about the wrong files being erased. Learn more ▸

Delete Large, Forgotten Files
CleanMyMac 2 doesn’t just look for system junk - it will also find large files you’ve forgotten about, or tell you which files you haven’t opened in a while, such as movies you’ve downloaded and haven’t watched for some time. Learn more ▸
Optimize Your iPhoto Library

Every time you change an image in iPhoto, its modified copy appears in your library, while the original is hidden by iPhoto. CleanMyMac 2 finds those hidden files and allows to remove them to free up more disk space for your iPhoto Library and other useful items, without any harm to your photo collection. Learn more ▸

Manage Your Applications
CleanMyMac 2 keeps track of all your applications and allows to correctly and completely uninstall the ones you don't need or those that are no longer compatible with your Mac. It also identifies leftovers of previously removed apps. Learn more 
▸

Review Your Extensions
CleanMyMac 2 also lets you review and remove unneeded widgets, plugins and preference panes and much more. The best Mac cleaning software on the market, it features an easy-to-find interface along with tips on how to clean your Mac. Learn more ▸


A Whole Bunch of Useful Features

Full Scan
Scan your Mac from top to bottom with one click  
Safe Mac Cleanup
Remove only files that are 100% safe to delete  
Large File Scanner
Review large files you haven’t opened in a while  
iPhoto Optimizer
Delete invisible copies of iPhoto images
Trash Maintainer
Erase deleted data on internal and external drives  
Apps Uninstaller
Completely uninstall the apps you no longer need  
Extension Manager
Review and repair app extensions on your Mac  
Data Shredder
Erase files and leave no trace behind
Simple Scheduler
Schedule when you want scans to happen  
Flexible Cleaning
Tag files that should be left untouched  
Clean with Ease
Surprisingly simple and intuitive interface  
Sleek Design
A powerful mac cleaning utility with gorgeous design


What's New in version 2.0.3

Added support for iPhoto 9.4.3 
Bug Fixes
Fixed bug with activation via the link