Mac gamers rejoice: Origin for Mac will be launching soon, and starting today we’re offering you the opportunity to take it for a spin before the official release (UK fans click here) .This open alpha will only be available to a few thousand users in North America and the United Kingdom, so don’t wait—download your copy of our new Mac client (alpha build) today.  

With Origin for Mac we’ll be able to offer the same Origin experience and features that define our PC app — cloud storage, auto-patching, friends list, and more — to Mac users everywhere. We’re very excited about the upcoming launch of Origin for Mac and the opportunity to reach the millions of Mac-based gamers out there.  We’re continuing to build Origin into a gaming service that truly lets you purchase and play anywhere, anytime.  

You may notice that the Origin Store tab is not yet live in this alpha trial; rest assured, the store will be live—with a great catalog of EA and partner titles—when we formally release the client. Additionally, we’re not yet able to provide the same one-click streaming live to Twitch in Origin for Mac (we’ll be adding this as soon as possible).  

Otherwise, the Mac client feels and behaves exactly like the PC version. Just like PC gamers, you'll be able to add non-Origin games to your library, use the Origin In Game overlay, chat with friends across platforms and games, and can continue your saved progress from any Origin-enabled Mac.  

In order to make sure you can get the most out of this alpha trial, we’ve added a free copy of PopCap’s smash hit puzzle game, Bookworm, to your My Games library. This game is yours to download and keep, on us. We hope you enjoy it.  

Finally, you’ll notice a Feedback button in your My Games library; it’s only there temporarily, but we hope you will use it to share your thoughts with us – after all, that’s what alpha access is for! If you have any further questions, check the FAQ here or comment below.

Your participation in this alpha trial is greatly appreciated, and your feedback will help ensure the best possible experience for all Mac gamers when we officially launch. If you have a Mac running OS X 10.6.8 or newer with an Intel Core 2 Duo processor or better, we hope you’ll download the alpha and start gaming today.

We always love to hear your feedback, so if you would like to have a conversation about our Mac client, or about additional features and functionality you would like to see come to Origin in the future, leave us a comment below and we’ll do our best to get back to you. 