Soft-Evolution Pimero a software for scheduling appointments on a calendar, to-do lists to plan and manage the contacts are. By synchronization server automatically and without it, all the information on their computers that the software is installed will be updated. If you're constantly traveling, Soft-Evolution Pimero will be your best choice to schedule your appointment. The Sync technology is based on peer to peer (Peer to Peer) is done so that you do not need to update a second time to your appointments. 
every computer running the Soft-Evolution Pimero , it automatically with all the computers on the network are synchronized. So just in traveling, your laptop with you to any of your appointments and tasks lose. Even when you travel, times change and it changes as soon as a network connection, on computers at home or the company will apply. certain software Amakanat Soft-Evolution Pimero : - Calendar. - planner. - Management Contacts: For more than 40 fields to store user data. - notes. - phonebook. - IM. - especially on days like birthdays and Remembrance - Synchronization with mobile devices. - Auto sync with other computers Soft-Evolution Pimero that are running. - style interface Skype: the contacts with a single click you can contact them. - Data encryption for security on PC. - The ability to email or call with the press of a button. - Ipimero browsers to run on mobile devices. - Ability to enter and store the information into Microsoft Outlook, VCard, iCalendar, VCard / Vcalendar, CSV Datei, Pimero2007. - Center Version: dynamic tables and templates and new in this version of the software exists. - Supports a variety of skins. - simple search.

Install:
1. Install software
2. Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the Product

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.

