Ewert Cousins, translator and editor - Bonaventure: The Soul's Journey Into God - The Tree of Life - The Life of St. Francis (Paulist Press, 1978). 353 pages.

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination and metadata, etc.


Three of St. Bonaventure's major mystical works in a new translation.

description:

St. Bonaventure -The Soul's Journey into God, The Tree of Life, The Life of St. FrancisTranslation and introduction by Ewert Cousins, preface by Ignatius Brady, O.F.M. 

"But if you wish to know how these things come about ask grace not instruction, desire not understanding, the groaning of prayer not diligent reading, the Spouse not the teacher, God not man, darkness not clarity, not light but the fire that totally enflames and carries us into God by ecstatic unctions and burning affections. This fire is God and his furnace is in Jerusalem..." - Bonaventure, 1217-1274. 

Long before Bonaventure was called The Prince of Mystics by Leo XIII or The Seraphic Doctor by John Gerson, he was known throughout the Christian world as The Devout Teacher. Professor Ewert Cousins says in his introduction, "In the history of Western Spirituality, Bonaventure holds a central and pivotal position. The 13th century friar, professor at the University of Paris, minister general of the Franciscan Order, cardinal and advisor to popes, played a major role in the spiritual ferment of the high Middle Ages...when Islamic, Jewish and Christian spirituality were flourishing, he produced one of the richest syntheses of Christian spirituality. Although cosmic in its scope, it was distinctively Christian in its content, grounded in the doctrine of the Trinity and devotion to the humanity of Christ. Within Christianity he achieved a striking integration of Eastern and Western elements."   

The three works contained in this volume offer the core of his vision. In The Soul's Journey into God, considered Bonaventure's masterpiece, he takes the six-winged Seraph as the symbol for the six stages of contemplation in which the created world is seen as a reflection of God. The Tree of Life is a simple meditation on the life of Jesus, based on the Gospel accounts in which Christ is seen as the Tree of Life on whose branches blossom such virtues as humility, piety, patience, constancy and justice.

Review

The Paulist Press 60-volume series on the Western mystics is to my mind the most hopeful sign in American publishing. -- Kenneth L. Woodward, Religion Editor of Newsweek Magazine, in Publishers Weekly
