1.	Are We There Yet	 03:57
2.	Body Parts & Broken Hearts	 03:57
3.	Roots and Reason	 03:57
4.	Everywheresville	 03:57
5.	Credit Black, Alchemic Red	 03:57
6.	No Place Like Home	 03:57
7.	Guess I Wanted to Be James Dean	 03:57
8.	Love Is Curse	 03:57
9.	Social Curse	 03:57
10.	Wandering Winnie	 03:57
11.	Stand Up	 03:57
12.	Extra Extra	 03:57

It doesn’t seem like that long ago we featured North East duo, Hadrian’s Union on the Fatea Showcase Sessions. The invite to perform on the Session was based on the band’s previous album Trapped In Time, a class in blunt hard talking, a take no prisoners approach to songwriting, to which I can apparently add the word prolific.

Like a lot of observational songwriting, particularly that which is involved with protest, keeping it simple element of the sound, the music pretty much there to support the poetry of the lyric, rather than an entity in its own right. Ok, that’s not completely true, there is some great instrumental phrasing through the album and actually if it wasn’t for the fiddle breaks particularly, the album might feel a little too intense, but when it’s hard and sparse it’s hard and sparse. This is moving album, that, whilst it flirts with melancholia, is as much about hope as it is anger and despair,

“In Your Own Time” is an album that seems to be right on the pulse and is at times almost voyeuristic in the depth of its revelations on both the socio-political and the more personal tracks, an album of home truths.

For an album of the nature of this one to transcend the student bedsit, it needs that something extra to lift it, to give it a broader appeal, well good vocals with a real sense of empathy really helps, as does balancing some of the anger with a sense of hope, a sense of purpose. “In Your Own Time” also picks up on that need to look within to find some of the answers.

Stew Simpson & Danny Hart, with bass support from Mike France should be really proud of what they’ve delivered here, too many albums of this ilk overdose on bitter, but there’s an underlying sweetness here to counterbalance some of that and the result, an album that can only add to the band’s growing reputation as both songwriters and performers and more power to their elbow for that.
 
http://dickthespic.org/