Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S - English Subbed - Japanese Dubbed


With special AMV for PS3 game Mugen Souls

IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1515996/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
Wiki Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_A_Certain_Scientific_Railgun_episodes
-----
Toaru Kagaku no Railgun (A certain scientific Railgun)  is an anime series based on the manga of the same name, which in itself is a spin-off of Kazuma Kamachi's light novel, manga and anime series A Certain Magical Index. The manga is serialized in Dengeki Daioh and is written by Kazuma Kamachi and illustrated by Motoi Fukuyama. Set in Academy City before and during the events of A Certain Magical Index, the plot focuses on Mikoto Misaka, an electromaster who is the third strongest esper in Academy City, along with her friends; Kuroko Shirai, a Teleporter and Mikoto's roommate, Kazari Uiharu, Kuroko's partner in Judgment, the city's public safety committee and Ruiko Saten, Kazari's friend and classmate.
-----
The second season is titled Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S - 8
.
Video
XviD
Length: 23:39
Frame width.: 848
Frame Height: 480
Data rate: 1126kbps
Total bitrate: 1254kbps
Frame rate:  23 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate:  128kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 44 kHz
-----
Title: ITEM Original Air Date: May 31, 2013
.
With only two facilities remaining, the higher ups behind the Level 6 Shift project call upon the services of the underground group, ITEM. As Mikoto infiltrates one of these facilities, she finds herself against one of its members, Frenda Seivelun, who causes trouble for her using flammable tape and stuffed toys containing bombs. Meanwhile, Shinobu arrives at the other remaining facility, where they are attempting to transport the data whilst the other facility is being attacked. Mikoto chases down Frenda who, after a series of failed attacks, fills the room up with nitrogen, bluffing that it is an explosive gas, preventing Mikoto from using her electricity and putting her at a huge disadvantage. However, Mikoto, refusing to simply give up and be killed, manages to fight back against Frenda, leading to her bluff becoming exposed and a prompt electrical payback. As Mikoto tries to interrogate Frenda, who is unable to respond due to being shocked, she is suddenly attacked by ITEM's leader and the 4th ranked Level 5 esper, Shizuri Mugino.