N. T. Wright - Acts for Everyone, Part One: Chapters 1-12 (Westminster John Knox Press, 2008). 212 pages.

First of two parts; the second part will be uploaded tomorrow. Seventh in Wright's New Testament for Everyone series of brief commentaries for laypeople; all volumes will be uploaded over the course of the next couple of weeks. Previous volumes can be found on tpb by clicking on my username.

Description:

Writing in an accessible and anecdotal style, Tom Wright helps us to approach the rich and many-sided story of the book of Acts. Wright shows how the book builds on Luke's Gospel, laying out the continuing work and teaching of the now risen and ascended Jesus in the power of the Spirit. His writing captures the vivid way in which Luke's work draws us all into he story, while leaving the ending open and challenging, inviting Christians today to pick up and carry on the story as we in turn live our lives in the service of Jesus.Tom Wright has undertaken a tremendous task: to provide guides to all the books of the New Testament and to include in them his own translation of the entire text. Each short passage is followed by a highly readable discussion with background information, useful explanations and suggestions, and thoughts as to how the text can be relevant to our lives today. A glossary is included at the back of the book. The series is suitable for group study, personal study, or daily devotions.

Review:

A rare event: a commentary that is learned without being stuffy, accessible without being reductionist. Tom Wright joins us in our homes and workplaces, our sanctuaries and classrooms, in genial, prayerful conversation over this text that forms our lives, the New Testament Scriptures. 

--Eugene Peterson, Professor Emeritus of Spiritual Theology, Regent College, and author of The Message

No other commentary series comes even close.

--The Christian Century 

There is now an immense hunger in our society for the Bible. Many folk want access to it, without the usual shrill authoritarian trappings. These studies by Wright are exactly to the point . . . well grounded in scholarship, accessible, and intensely contemporary. The series is a most welcome one!

 --Walter Brueggemann, Professor Emeritus, Columbia Theological Seminary

About the Author

N.T. (Tom) Wright is the Bishop of Durham in the Church of England. He is a prolific author and noted New Testament scholar, and was named by Christianity Today in 1999 as one of the world's top 5 new theologians. He has written over thirty books, both at the scholarly level (including Jesus and the Victory of God, The Resurrection of the Son of God, and The Meaning of Jesus) and for a popular audience (including The Meal Jesus Gave Us (WJK) and Who Was Jesus?).



