Title: Adobe Photoshop CS5. Book for Photographers
Author: Scott Kelby
Year of publication: 2011
Publisher: Internet Edition
Pages: 409
Format: PDF
Size: 53.1 Mb (+3%)

This is a translation of the book Scott Kelby - The Adobe Photoshop CS5 Book for Digital Photographers, 2010. Translation full-color, follows the design of the original, contains an alphabetical index of names pairs of elements of the working environment and the functions of the original and Russian versions of Photoshop CS5 and is designed for Russian-speaking users of both these versions.
This translation of the original and has no relation to any published a translation of the book into Russian.

Are you ready for the shock? Here is a brand new edition, so forget about the old rules!
Scott Kelby, publisher and editor of Photoshop User, the world-renowned best-selling author of the program Photoshop, can help you achieve new levels of excellence, revealing the most important and effective methods for processing digital images in Adobe Photoshop CS5.
In the updated edition of the book, which has won many prestigious awards and has been recognized the best photographers in the world, Scott Kelby discards unnecessary and focuses on practical techniques, telling just what to do and how. He does not delve into the theory and gives a vague description, after which the reader to have to guess what the settings in which cases should be selected. Instead, Scott describes in detail the most modern methods of digital image processing, which are well-known photographers. It gives readers the exact values ΓÇïΓÇïof the parameters, explaining where and why to use them. No wonder the previous editions of the book have been used as teaching aids in various educational institutions.
Learn the secrets of professionals!
Each year, Scott Kelby Photoshop training to work with thousands of professional photographers, and almost all of them asking the same questions are facing similar problems, with the same difficulties - all of this and is seen in the book.

Table of Contents.

Methods for sharpening images
Professional techniques for the rapid elimination of the most common defects of digital photos
Step by step preparation for the press to get photos exactly corresponding to the image on the screen
A whole chapter on how to work with the HDR-images, and a new feature Merge to HDR Pro
Working with the new function fills with the content
Simple methods of color correction of any photos
Digital image processing format RAW (and full use of all the new Camera Raw features in version CS5)
Ways to automate
Professional presentation of their work
Lots of useful techniques, solutions and clever "secret" tricks that will help improve the efficiency of up to an incredible level!