
I think you'll be shocked by what you are about to read. If you believe we are heading for any number of wide-spread emergencies in the near future you may be making plans. Believe it or not, many people are making a fatal mistake by overlooking a serious component of their preparation. You may have plenty of stockpiled firearms and ammunition. But what will you do if you are under attack and can't get to your firearms?

Whether you are planning for Armageddon, trying to win back control of your hijacked airliner from radical extremists, or just trying to stay safe while out in public, there may come a time when you will have to defend yourself without a firearm.

Sound unbelievable? It shouldn't. Suppose someone walks into a movie theatre and starts shooting. As he reloads you've got the chance to take him out. Would you be prepared?

This portion of prepping is often overlooked. This is for the self defense area in-between going strictly hands on and traditional firearms. Welcome to the little discussed world of improvised weapons--items that are not normally used for weapons, but in the right hands can be deadly.

If you are bold enough, you will discover how to protect yourself or your family without traditional firearms using everyday, ordinary objects you've got on hand right now, or could have on hand with just a little advance planning. Items that are absolutely legal to carry anywhere, but can be used instantly as weapons.

Many people have firearms stashed in their homes in case of a home invasion. But they may pass by other items in their home that could be just as easily used as a weapon to get to their hold-out weapon. By the time we are done you will be able to walk into a room and instantly be able to identify not only one, but several items you could use as a weapon when the fabric of society rips apart at the seams.

Here are just a few of the tips, tricks and techniques youΓÇÖll discover in "Prepper's Underground Guide to Improvised Weapons!"

The five types of improvised weapons and why impact weapons are the easiest improvised weapon for the average person.

You'll understand the "Best Fight" concept. Failing to understand this and you'll be in for a world of misery.

The three methods for target selection and why selecting the wrong target can have disastrous results.

Not only will you learn what to use for a weapon you'll discover how to strike with each, including different grips and attacking from multiple angles.

A simple "weapon" you can carry right now, out in the open that no police officer or mugger would ever question. This is especially easy for the ladies.

How to add power to your punch without damaging your hand. What good does it do to knock someone out if you break your hand in the process?

An easy alternative to a palm sap that no one would possibly dream could be used as a weapon.

The difference between a slingshot and a slungshot and five slungshot alternatives.

The difference between a sap and a blackjack and five alternatives.

A sap alternative that looks like a geek but hits like a brick.

Have you ever thought what you'd do if your plane was taken over by terrorists? Thanks to TSA you've got no weapons with which to fight back. Or do you? I'll show you several items on every plane that can easily be used as weapons.

You'll discover two weapons you usually always have with you.

Just wait until you see items that can be used as weapons in your car, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, living room, garage and while you are out on the town.

I'll reveal two weapons you can carry on your bike that no one would ever suspect is a weapon.

MUCH MOREΓÇª

The time to plan how you will react to a violent life or death encounter without a firearm is NOW. Not tomorrow, not next week and certainly not while you are confronted by some low life riff raff just looking to make an easy victim of you. By then it just might be TOO LATEΓÇª


Format: Mobi

Please seed and enjoy

if you like this book then please buy a copy