Artist: Nina Kinert
Release: Red Leader Dream
Released: 2010
Label: NINKINA Recordings
Catalog#: VVNL21882
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: Sweden
Style: Folk,pop



1	 Moonwalker	
2	 Play The World	
3	 Down On Heaven	
4	 Tiger You	
5	 Push It	
6	 My Girl	
7	 Wings	
8	 4-ever	
9	 Original Sin	
10	 25

the latest album from (ridiculously beautiful) Swedish songstress, Nina Kinert..Never heard of her? Neither had I.

‘Red Leader Dream’ is Nina’s fourth album and I can honestly say that I’ve never even heard the other three..The story behind her latest album is admittedly a little strange..Nina was in a very serious accident and was forced to have metal rails placed in her back..While she was in the hospital, she watched nothing but Star Wars..and, believe it or not, the rest is history..Nina’s inspiration behind Red Leader Dream is, indeed, Star Wars and she describes the album as ‘a true science fiction epic about love, hope and adventure viewed through a fantasy filter.’ If that sounds weird, that’s because it is. However, don’t let that dissuade you from listening to the epic beauty that is Red Leader Dream. Those who know me well, know that I hate sci-fi anything, but Nina’s voice is pure magic and up there with the best voices I’ve ever heard. Luckily, her lyrics are incredibly versatile and can be applied to everyday life just as much as..umm..the next Star Wars movie.

Her sound reminds me of everything from a darker, more talented version of Lykke Li, to Julia Fordham, to even possibly a very tiny slice of Siouxsie & The Banshees. The musicianship on the album is superb; every song has a ton of layers. Between that, her angelic voice, and some high quality headphones, you will be transported to her own self-described fantasy world. Oh and just in case you had any doubt about her credentials as an artist, she wrote, recorded, produced, and released the entire album all on her own. She describes the whole process as exhausting and sometimes lonely, but luckily she has channeled every emotion into her own ethereal masterpiece with Red Leader Dream.