Brenda Lee was the star at the beginning of the sixties. She is represented here by Speak to me pretty, her biggest UK hit but never released as a single in the USA, and Sweet nothings. Also from the early sixties are tracks by the Chiffons, the Shangri-las, Helen Shapiro, the Angels, the Crystals, Connie Francis, the Shirelles, the Dixie cups and Lesley Gore. Among their classic songs are Leader of the pack, Will you love me tomorrow and It's my party. Patsy cline, singing Crazy, is the only country singer represented here. The surprise omission from the early sixties is Locomotion by Little Eva. During this period, some American songs were UK hits via covers by British singers. Examples of these to be heard on this collection include Lover please (Vernon girls, cover of Clyde McPhatter), Tell him (Billie Davis, cover of Exciters) and Bobby's girl (Susan Maughan, cover of Marcie Blaine). So, the early sixties are well represented but things got even better from around 1964.From Motown came Martha Reeves and the Vandellas, Diana Ross and the Supremes, the Marvelettes, Gladys Knight and the Pips, the Velvelettes and Mary Wells, all represented here and some by more than one track. Among their songs are Dancing in the street, Baby love and My guy. Aside from Motown, there are several other soul and R+B classics here, including tracks by Dionne Warwick, Betty Everett, Fontella Bass and Freda Payne (actually from 1970, but who's complaining?). Jamaican teenager Millie is represented by My boy Lollipop, which you either love or hate. I love it.Dusty Springfield (three tracks), Petula Clark (Downtown), Lulu (Shout), Sandie Shaw (Always something there to remind me) and Marianne Faithfull (This little bird) are the big British names from the mid to late sixties that you can find here, although Cilla Black and Shirley Bassey are among those missing.As ever with these compilations, there are plenty of famous songs but there are one or two rarities. I was particularly pleased to discover White horses, a top ten hit for Jacky that rarely gets released on compilations.It is always possible to argue over song selection ΓÇô even artist selection ΓÇô on various artist compilations of any kind, but there is no doubt that this is by far the strongest all-female sixties compilation I've come across.

Disc: 1
1. The Shangri-Las - Leader Of The Pack
2. Martha Reeves & The Vandellas - Dancing In The Street
3. The Chiffons - Sweet Talking Guy
4. The Supremes - Stop! In The Name Of Love
5. Dusty Springfield - I Only Want To Be With You
6. Freda Payne - Band Of Gold
7. Susan Maughan - Bobby's Girl
8. Helen Shapiro - Walkin' Back To Happiness
9. Fontella Bass - Rescue Me
10. Brenda Lee - Speak To Me Pretty
11. The Velvelettes - Needle In Haystack
12. Lulu & The Luvvers - Shout
13. The Chiffons - He's So Fine
14. Millie - My Boy Lollipop
15. Betty Everett - The Shoop Shoop Song (It's In His Kiss)
16. Angels - My Boyfriend's Back
17. Patti Lynn - Johnny Angel
18. The Velvelettes - He Was Really Sayin' Something
19. Billie Davis - Tell Him
20. The Crystals - Da Doo Ron Ron
21. The Supremes - Baby Love
22. Martha Reeves & The Vandellas - Jimmy Mack
23. Dusty Springfield - In The Middle Of Nowhere
24. Aretha Franklin - Respect
25. Martha Reeves & The Vandellas - Nowhere To Run 

Disc: 2
1. Patsy Cline - Crazy
2. The Shangri-Las - Remember Walkin' In The Sand
3. Astrud Gilberto - The Girl From Ipanema
4. Nina Simone - I Put A Spell On You
5. The Shilrelles - Will You Love Me Tomorrow
6. Petula Clark - Downtown
7. P.P. Arnold - The First Cut Is The Deepest
8. Dionne Warwick - Do You Know The Way To San Jose
9. Kaye Sisters - Paper Roses
10. Doris Day - Perhaps, Perhaps, Perhaps
11. Sandie Shaw - (There's) Always Something There To Remind Me
12. Jacky - White Horses
13. The Dixie Cups - Chapel Of Love
14. Mary Wells - My Guy
15. Gladys Knight & The Pips - Take Me In Your Arms And Love Me
16. Brenda Lee - Sweet Nothin's
17. Maxine Brown - Oh No Not My Baby
18. The Marvelettes - When You're Young And In Love
19. The Shangri-Las - Past, Present & Future
20. Lesley Gore - It's My Party
21. The Vernon Girls - Lover Please
22. Kathy Kirby - I Belong
23. Dusty Springfield - I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself
24. Connie Francis - Together
25. Marianne Faithfull - This Little Bird 