              Soft Organizer 3 Final Incl Crack - SceneDL

A common problem we often face with, when uninstalling unnecessary software, is various traces left in the system: unneeded files or folders on a disk, registry entries and so on. This can happen even if an application was removed correctly with its own uninstaller - a special program provided by a vendor to uninstall the application. The Soft Organizer program is intended to solve this problem: It allows you to COMPLETELY uninstall unnecessary applications from your system. The main function of the tool is the complete removing of programs from your computer. Soft Organizer monitors all changes made to the system during the setup process of a certain application. You can easily learn what file or registry entries were modified during the installation. Using these data, Soft Organizer completely removes an application when you order it to.

WORKS FASTER
The program performs much faster than many competing solutions. This is because Soft Organizer analyzes changes on disks in real time while tracking the modifications installation procedures have made, instead of taking a long time saving info about all files before and after installation. Such an approach saves much time compared to other utilities.

APPLICATION LIST ON HAND
You can setup Soft Organizer so that all applications installed in your system will be accessible with a single click of the notification area icon. Another click, and you can immediately remove an unnecessary program without opening the standard Programs and Features tool or searching for a built-in uninstaller.

SIMPLE APPLICATION REMOVAL
The application removal process is very simple and is quite similar to the customary method. You simply need to select an unnecessary program in the Soft Organizer area and click the uninstall button. The only difference is that, after removing the unnecessary program, Soft Organizer asks to clean up the program's traces from the system.

NEW VERSIONS NOTIFICATION
Soft Organizer will inform about new versions of installed programs.

Changes in 3:
The new name of Full Uninstall is Soft Organizer. The program was renamed because now it does more than uninstall applications (see the next item). All previously acquired Full Uninstall licenses are transferred to Soft Organizer.
Checking for updates of all installed applications. You will be informed of the newer versions available for those applications.
If you press Del in the window shown after an application removal is executed, the process of searching traces is skipped, and only the built-in uninstaller will be used. This is useful when you don't want to scan for traces left in the system by the application you want to be uninstalled, for example, if you uninstall an application prior to installing its newer version.

OS : Windows 8/7/Vista/XP (32-64 bit)

Language : English

Home Page - http://www.chemtable.com

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Copy Content from Crack Folder to Install Directory
3] Register using Given Serial
4] Register Yourself and Enjoy!!

By:

SceneDL