The Amiga computer was launched in 1985 as an advanced personal and gaming computer. Many hobbyist computer programmers, graphic artists, and musicians took hold of this platform and created spectacular programs to show off their talent and the Amiga's capabilities.  Over the past several decades, many talented individuals created amazing works of art unseen and unknown to world outside the small Amiga computer and demo scene.  The Amiga only survived for a decade, but these demonstrations will live on forever.

"MindCandy Volume 2: Amiga Demos" was a DVD project by Hornet, Fusecon, and Blue 7 Media, started in 2003 and completed in late 2006.  Free preview discs were given away at the Assembly 2005 demoparty, featuring an Amiga Workbench-style menu (you can still get the preview .ISO, search for "mindcandy" at www.scene.org).  The final DVD was officially released on January 16th, 2007.

Over five years later, as of May 1st, 2012, MC2 has officially sold out!  To celebrate the occasion, we are releasing both the PAL and NTSC versions under a Creative Commons license.  Details of the license are below.

This archive contains the same full dual-layer .ISO image that the retail disc contained, including the layer break in the right place.  Also included are the DVD case cover, the full booklet, and even the images we used for our stickers.  So if you missed your chance to experience MC2, fret no more!  We've also thrown in some reviews we got from Amiga Power and c't magazine.

We had to capture RGB video in as good quality as possible (the video had to come directly from the Amiga RGB port) using 2004-era technology on a small budget, including an uncompressed workflow to avoid any generational artifacts.  The NTSC video is 720x480 @ 29.97i (interlaced) while PAL is 720x576 @ 25i (both in 4:3 aspect ratio).  MC2 was mastered for CRT tube televisions, but should still look great on any output device.

MindCandy Volume 2 was a very successful release, having sold 3000 copies (1000 NTSC and 2000 PAL).  The sales of MC2 provided the seed money to make MindCandy Volume 3, our Blu-ray high-def follow-up to our first PC volume, so the project gave back to the scene community not once but twice.  MindCandy Volume 3 is still available - visit http://www.mindcandydvd.com/3 to get your copy!

We hope you enjoy MindCandy Volume 2 as much as we enjoyed making it.

LICENSE:

The work "MindCandy Volume 2: Amiga Demos" (both PAL and NTSC editions, including the print materials in the archive) is made available under an Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0) license.
This license allows you to freely copy and view the work provided you do not sell it, attempt to transform it, or reference it without attribution.  For more details on this license, please visit: 
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/
