BATTERY 4

DRUM SAMPLING RE-DEFINED
BATTERY 4 is the 21st century drum sampler – the worldwide studio choice for creative beat production.

-Lightning-fast workflow for maximum creativity
-Supercharged library for electronic and urban styles
-Inspiring effects, intuitive routing and sidechaining

SAMPLE THE FUTURE

BATTERY 4 is the cutting-edge drum sampler designed for the 21st century. It combines a supercharged library, tailor-made for electronic and hip hop music, with a radically-intuitive workflow that keeps the focus on creativity.

Instantly find and arrange sounds with a new, tag-based browser, and route powerful new effects with drag-and-drop simplicity. With a clear, compelling interface that puts incredible power at your fingertips, BATTERY 4 launches drum sampling into the future.

TAG AND DRAG

The BATTERY 4 library focuses on electronic and hip hop production, adding 70 brand-new contemporary kits. All 129 kits load instantly – start shaking the walls to their foundations in any style from mainstream house and techno to glitch, world, and anything in between in record time.

Find your drum sound, drag it into a cell, and start playing – the ultra-intuitive tagging system allows you to quickly locate the exact sounds you’re looking for. BATTERY 4 keeps your samples organized whether using factory sounds or creating your own kits. It even remembers the tag history for each cell separately – immediately see the path that led you to each sound even after working on other cells.

The new BATTERY 4 Factory library contains 143 kits (4 GB), 79 of which are brand-new (2,5 GB new).

CELLS IN HARMONY

The flexible cell matrix can be expanded to up to 128 cells. Create your own custom kits and assign them to controllers in seconds with the drag-and-drop and MIDI learn features. Factory samples and kits load with an intuitive, adaptable color-coding system, giving you instant visual recognition of sound categories and each kit’s layout.

BATTERY 4 also accepts all current sample formats including MPC kits – use your entire sound library in one, easy-to-use sampler.

SOUND WRANGLER

As a drum sampler, BATTERY 4 is unmatched for power and ease of use. Quickly load samples in virtually any format – each waveform appears at the center of BATTERY 4’s gorgeous new display. Choose from seven sampling modes, including essential emulations of classic samplers and grooveboxes. The main page for each cell also lets you perform quick sample adjustments, apply compression and filters, and tweak volume and pitch to perfection.

BATTERY 4 puts time in your hands. The Time Machine Pro algorithm delivers unparalleled time stretching – expand, twist, and warp in unimaginable new ways.

While your beat is running, use ‘humanize’ to turn the most rigid of grooves into ultra laid-back looseness.

ROUTE TO THE TOP

BATTERY 4 delivers incredibly powerful on-board effects, plus ultra-intuitive routing options to make using them as fluid and flexible as possible. Choose fromSOLID EQ andSOLID BUS COMP from theSOLID MIX SERIES,TRANSIENT MASTER, plus tape saturation, LoFi, and a powerful convolution reverb. Create chains, re-order effects, and even set up sidechaining with simple drag-and-drop actions – a world’s first!

Apply effects per cell, to groups of cells, or to the master outs – with up to four separate busses, the intuitive routing options, give you ultimate tone-shaping control no matter what level you’re working on.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Windows 7 or Windows 8 (latest Service Pack, 32/64 Bit), Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon 64 X2, 2 GB RAM (4 GB recommended)

Homepage: http://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/drums/battery-4/

Installation Instructions:

- Install Program.
- Pre-cracked to Full version. Crack or Serial not needed.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.