You can use Ashampoo WinOptimizer unused files and services that will help you to clean up your system. This software analyzes your system with the power and intelligence of the methods used to search for additional information. Very innovative interface design and its use is simple. After the scan is completed, you can easily navigate and see the results. For security, Ashampoo WinOptimizer backup mechanisms to recover lost data, uses. 
Ashampoo Winoptimizer several features to enhance the performance of the system modules include tool integration, and analysis of the error estimates the health system. Such as hard disk drives, Windows registry and a few tears later will suffer from clutter. Cleaning can increase space and reduce the time to access it, you increase your computer's speed.
 
The software activities can include:
Windows Startup program settings for Wing speed up Windows without interfering with other software.
Other features of this software can be used to manipulate professional pointed windows personal tastes. You can use your Windows Ashampoo WinOptimizer all details change.
The ability to manipulate the system to access hidden settings and installed software and storage space on the desktop icon.
Securely and permanently delete and recover deleted files.
Clear Internet browsing footprints, protect files and folders in access encryption software and other security features of the software on them, including their.

Install:
1. Install software
2. Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the program

Install instruction is not in english,but after install program will run in english.

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.
