INFO:

Revision/Edition : 7
Author/Publisher : Anonymous
Release : 1 May 2013
Language : English
License : Public - Free
Cover : Does not have - at all (You are welcome to make one and send it)
Format: PDF
Plot/About : A log of one`s learning the ways to dissolve any manner of bullshit.


UPLOADERs Comment:
A refreshing take on global social matters in about 60 pages. If you are a person with the stomach to deal with your failures - this is likely to amuse you nicely. Otherwise you can call it a clever way to go about bullshit and you`d hate it you have troubles looking in the mirror.

You getting sick of all the fluffy movies telling you paradise is around the corner, and saviors are their way to rescue us from our every trouble. You know - Just vote for us, give us your moneys, pray out our temples - just do that and we'll give you wings, you don't have to lift a finger.

INTRO : A few non spoiler quotes:

"The increasing number of “enlightening” materials floating about is seriously stinking lately, even if conspiracy is not in your vocabulary. I figured I might as well publicize a take on social matters in a way that will give identically unnerving rectal sensations to most conspiracists, neutrals, realists and
everybody else insisting their truths are ultimate."

"This isn`t some humane generous act of revelation, or any other type of "sweetened" candy giveaway, the least of which is some supposedly profound truth presented to you with the claim that it`s relevant and/or valuable information that you need to believe."

"The shit in here isn`t tucked under the rug. If you don`t want it on you - do mind your step."

"Everything I`ve said in here is my way of outgrowing the loop of bullshit - and it works for me."

"Reality is what we perceive - it is our limited understanding of what is actively happening."


"Psychic weapons?
Let’s skip past all sorts of convoluted 'evidence' and theory, and just do a healthy speculation.
Suppose such means/tech/weapons/whatever was available - even if you know so, just start supposing (:
How many people in this world you know, will not resort to buying whatever it is in life they consider valuable with money given that they could? So given the opportunity to use instruments to influence individual or a multitude of psyches’ to gain results of preference how many people would turn away from that opportunity? A step further, how many people would pay good moneys at a chance to avoid personal responsibility? Now if such means existed wouldn’t concealment be among their primary purposes? You wouldn’t go about doing hourly press releases about “This week we will be grilling your brain to think that Bob Mac Stupidson here is the finest man you can elect!"? This isn't to say you have to absorb and dwell on every paranoid theory out there"

You don't need stolen copy blueprints to figure that - some people want to control everybody else, and they use every means necessary.