Theoretical Physics (2nd Ed) (Dover Books on Physics) 
by A.S.Kompaneyets, George Yankovsky (translator)
Dover Publications | September 2012 | ISBN-10: 0-486-60972-3 | ePUB/PDF | 17.6/21.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Theoretical-Physics-Second-Dover-ebook/dp/B00CDGSG2I
PDF conversion is mine.

This Dover edition, first published in 1962 and reissued in 2012, is an unabridged and corrected republication of the English translation first published by the Foreign Languages Publishing House. Moscow, in 1961.
Rigorous, systematic study by renowned physicist offers advanced students a thorough background in mechanics, electrodynamics, quantum mechanics, and statistical mechanics that stresses atomic, nuclear, and microscopic aspects. Especially strong in its coverage of statistical physics. Features 137 exercises, many with complete solutions. Translated by George Yankovsky with the author's supervision. 1961 edition.

Author's Preface to 2nd Ed:
In this second edition I have attempted to make the presentation more systematic and rigorous without adding any difficulties. In order to do this it has been especially necessary to revise Part III, to which I have added a special section (Sec. 30) setting out the general principles of quantum mechanics; radiation is now considered only with the aid of the quantum theory of the electromagnetic field, since the results obtained from the correspondence principle do not appear sufficiently justified.
GibbsΓÇÖ statistics are included in this edition, which has made it necessary to divide Part IV into something in the nature of two cycles: Sec. 39-44, where only the results of combinatorial analysis are set out, and Sec. 45-52, an introduction to the GibbsΓÇÖ method, which is used as background material for a discussion of thermodynamics. A phenomenological approach to thermodynamics would nowadays appear an anachronism in a course of theoretical physics.
In order not to increase the size of the book overmuch, it has been necessary to omit the theory of beta decay, the variational properties of eigenvalues, and certain other problems included in the first edition.
I am greatly indebted to A. F. Nikiforov and V. B. Uvarov for pointing out several inaccuracies in the first edition of the book.

BRIEF CONTENTS
From the Preface to the First Edition
Preface to the Second Edition
Part I. Mechanics
Part II. Electrodynamics
Part III. Quantum Mechanics
Part IV. Statistical Physics
Appendix
Bibliography
Subject Index