Towncraft: notes from a local scene (2007) a documentary on the punk scene in Little Rock Arkansas

Matson Films

Runtime: 1:49:11
File size: 991 mb


[From the dvd site]

Matson Films is releasing Towncraft, a book, CD and film set that documents the amazing underground music scene of Little Rock, AR over the last 2 decades.

In the late 80s and early 90s a vibrant underground music scene emerged in Little Rock. Unlike other towns, Little Rock's scene was composed almost entirely of kids. 14-18 year-olds were booking their own shows, starting record labels, opening record stores and playing with large national acts. In the process they would build a tight-knit, flourishing underground community that existed completely outside of the High School norm and was all their own. The film focuses on the roots of the Little Rock scene, how it changed the lives of those involved, the enormous DIY ethos that has shaped the scene for the past 20 years and how the scene continues to thrive as its pioneers hit their mid-30s.

Towncraft will be released in theaters, on DVD and online in the May and June of 2007. A 40 band soundtrack will be released to accompany the film along with a 60 page book of stories from scene expatriates.


[ends]

My notes

I found this film in the public library close to a year after it's expected release in theaters.  Interviews include Ian McKay, Henry Rollins and other founders of what is the American punk scene. I encourage people to get this film in its full version from Mattson
for their libraries as well.  The package has three cds and booklet.  The second and third cds are of the bands.

Writing this date of June 15th 2009, summer is half over.  The torrent is given to provide new inspiration for DIY music.  Next year I will get it out for the summer vacation and DIY season in May.

---

New notes for the torrent

New torrent made in 2013 since I have a new computer build and a new torrent program to work with.  Each month of May I have refreshed this torrent since 2009.  It is not active anywhere else, so please seed through the summer as you can.



notes and new torrent  May 05, 2013

 
http://www.towncraftmovie.com/


Wiki here:
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Towncraft_%28film%29