Gorillas in the Mist (1988) The Story of Dian Fossey

Dutch
Hoog in de jungle van Rwanda, diep verscholen in het diepe groen, zit een familie berggorilla's.
Ze ontspannen zich en spelen in het gefilterde zonlicht. Bij hen hurkt een vrouw die hun
bewegingen imiteert en doet alsof ze op bladeren kauwt om door het dominante mannetje aanvaard
te worden. Die vrouw is Dian Fossey, een primatologe met een heel aparte benadering van haar
onderwerp. Zo apart, dat haar imposante, charismatische verschijning en haar onverzettelijkheid
haar tot doelwit van de lokale stropers maken. De film vertelt het waargebeurde verhaal van
Dian Fossey, haar studie van gorilla's en haar pogingen om de met uitsterven bedreigde apen te
beschermen.

Englisch
Gorillas in the Mist is based on the autobiographical 1983 book by naturalist Dian Fossey.
Before the book could be brought before the cameras, Fossey had been mysteriously killed;
her death provides a logical, if somewhat ghoulish climax to the film. A Kentucky girl,
Fossey (Sigourney Weaver) is inspired by famed anthropologist Louis Leakey (Iain Cuthbertson)
to devote her life to the study of primates. Traveling into deepest Africa, Fossey becomes
fascinated with the lives and habits of the rare mountain gorillas of the Ugandan wilderness.
Studying them at close quarters, Fossey develops a means of communicating with the gorillas,
and in so doing becomes obsessed with the beasts' well-being. She is so devoted to "her"
mountain that she loses the opportunity for a romance with a National Geographic photographer
(Bryan Brown). Appalled by the poaching of the gorillas for their skins, Fossey complains to
the Ugandan government, which dismisses her by explaining that poaching is the only means by
which some of the Ugandan natives can themselves survive. She refuses to accept this, and
becomes a militant animal-rights activist, burning down the poachers' villages and even staging
a mock execution of one of the offenders.

Spot Information
Source............: RETAIL
Formaat...........: DVD5
Video.............: PAL / 16:9
Audio.............: Dolby Digital 5.1, DTS
Genre.............: Biography / Drama 
Speelduur.........: 129 minutes
Menu..............: Yes
jaar uitgave......: 1988
Cover & label.....: Yes
Audio.............: Englisch, French, German, Italian
Subs..............: Englisch, French, Italian, Dutch, Arabic, Spanich, Portuguese, German, Romanian
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095243/
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/1737

Seeden wordt op prijs gesteld, om deze torrent in leven te houden

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.