 http://beeimg.com/images/g69709132882.jpeg
 
http://beeimg.com/images/j79795952402.jpeg

Express Burn Plus With Video 4.65 Final - SceneDL

Burn Audio CDs and Data CDs, DVDs or Blu-ray Discs! Free CD burning software to create and record audio and data CDs on Windows or Mac! Express Burn is a free CD burning program that lets you create and record audio and data CDs under Windows or Mac. With Express Burn you can record a data or audio discs quickly and easily by dragging the files you want onto the icon and clicking Burn CD.

The software then does the rest, including converting the files if required. Express Burn is also the fastest CD/DVD writing program in the world using proprietary optimizing systems. But don't believe us, try it for yourself. Express Burn Plus version includes video DVD burning and the ability to burn data DVD and Blu-Ray discs. It has advanced features like the ability to create and record ISO images and support for many more file formats.

Features:

• Writes the following types of discs:
o Data CDs (perfect for backup)
o Audio CDs (for traditional CD players)
o Mp3 CDs (larger capacity alternative to audio cds)
o Video DVDs (to be played on a standard DVD player - Windows Plus version)
o Data DVDs (4.5GB+ on a single DVD - Plus version)
o Blu-Ray discs (25GB+ - Plus version)

• Audio CD Recording:
o Audio is recorded with direct digital recording (so perfect audio quality is maintained).
o Audio CD burning supports wav, mp3, wma, au, aiff, ra, ogg, flac, aac and a number of other audio file formats.
o Can burn audio CDs in seamlessly mode (with no pause between tracks).

• Video DVD Authoring:
o Video files will be re-encoded and made in to a standard DVD Movie disk, playable on a DVD player (Plus version only).
o Video burning supports avi, mpg, vob, asf, wmv, mp4, ogm and all video formats that have a DirectShow based codec.
o Choice of widescreen or standard formats for video dvd authoring.
o Record video files to PAL or NTSC.

• Data CD or DVD Writing:
o Express Burn Plus can burn ISO compliant data DVDs and Blu-ray discs (DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW, BD-R, BD-RE, BD-R DL, BD-RE DL).
o Data discs support multilevel folders and long file names.
o Data CDs are fully ISO compliant with Joliet extension.

• Advanced Disc Burning Features:
o Supports multi session recording to CD or DVD (you can choose to add more music tracks at a later time).
o Records CD Recordable (CDR) and CD Re-recordable (CDRW) discs (and DVD and BD equivalents).
o Includes command line operation for automation and integration with other programs.

OS : Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8 (32 and 64 bit)

Language : English

Home Page - http://www.nch.com.au/burn

By:

SceneDL