Hide Folders 2012

Hide Folders 2012 - Hide, lock and password protect your private files and folders from other users.

Hide Folders is an innovative software application which enables you to password protect all the private information on your hard drive. You can swiftly make your files and folders inaccessible, invisible or protect them from modification or removal. The protected folders or files are not accessible by users - no matter how they are trying to get in - locally or from the net. Effective protection mechanism, intuitive user interface, and set of fine-tuning options will suit the needs of everyone from novice Windows users to computer experts. Since 2001, our Hide Folder software products help our users to hide private files and folders from prying eyes.

Features and benefits

Immediate data protection (protect and unprotect commands are execited in no time).
4 protection methods available: Hide, Lock, Hide & Lock, Read Only
NTFS, FAT32, exFAT and FAT volumes are supported.
File masks (wildcards) support.
Unlimited number of folders can be protected at the same time.
No limits on the size of protected data.
Trusted processes support - processes which are permitted to access the protected data.
No file system structure modifications will occur.
Password protection to prevent unauthorized users from accessing your private data.
Protected uniinstall.
Removing Hide Folders application folder from the system will not uncover hidden folders.
Files from hidden folders will not be lost even if someone tries to remove an upper-level folder.
Different wipe tracks options.
Crutical folders aware - Hide Folders prevent locking system folders for stability reasons.
Safe mode support - The folders can be hidden even if your computer is running in safe mode.
Hot keys to manage basic Hide Folders functions.
Command line support of all main Hide Folders functions.
Support of folders named with national language symbols .
Multilingual support, its user interface supports different languages and can be easily translated to new languages.
Intuitive and extremely easy-to-use user interface with skins.

Supported OS: 

Windows XP, 2003, Vista, 2008, 7, 8

Homepage: http://fspro.net/hide-folders/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register application with any name and given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.