CLG Documentary Live Here: http://s2.clgaming.net/documentary

Don't forget to Donate!

From Reddit:

It’s finally here; the documentary is out! Almost a year to the day we started filming, CLG and Machinima VS are proud to premier the first documentary covering a professional League of Legends team. The film has a total run time of approximately 51 minutes broken down into four episodes as follows.

    Episode 1 - First Blood (8:53)
    Episode 2 - Seoul Searching (12:09)
    Episode 3 - The "CLG Curse" (17:54)
    Episode 4 - A New Hope (11:56)

Originally envisioned as a story about CLG’s quest to win the Season 2 Championships, over the last six weeks and through the direction of Machinima VS the scope of the film has been greatly expanded to give better context of the team and its history.

We have decided to distribute this film through a “pay what you want” model. CLG decided to finance the film ourselves in order to remove ourselves from the expectations or restrictions sourcing funding comes with. At the same time, we feel this film is not only entertaining, but very enlightening for the League of Legends and eSports fan in general, so we feel it is important for anyone to be able to view this film if they are interested and unable to donate. There are many realities regarding teams, sponsors, leagues, and more which go completely unmentioned to the general public. CLG is just one story, and we wanted to give our fans and the community a better view behind the veil of eSports.

If you are able and choose to donate, your support is obviously greatly appreciated. Please do not post direct links to the documentary in this thread. Donations received will go to CLG to recover the costs of producing the film (travel, equipment, filming and production wages). Additional revenue will be divided between CLG and its players, current and former (EG/CLG EU), to help recover the streaming revenue they lost due tocollapse.

I’d like to thank everyone involved in the production of this film. On the behalf of everyone in CLG and Machinima VS, thanks for your continued support and enjoy the film!

Hopefully this works. If it doesn't, I'll try re-uploading again.


If you're familiar with youtube-dl, you can generate these files (to seed) using:

#
