#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	01-16-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Norio Hayakawa, Timothy Green Beckley

In the first half, ufologist and paranormal pioneer Timothy Green Beckley talked about both vintage and recent UFO cases, as well as contact incidents with alien-type beings. His publishing company has been reintroducing 40-50 year-old UFO books to a new generation, with introductions and updated material added by current writers (for example: Two Golden Age Flying Saucer Classics). Regarding the classic George Adamski contactee case, in which he claimed to meet and telepathically communicate with a tall, blonde-haired Venusian stepping out of his ship, Beckley's friend, the late Harold Sulken, who knew Adamski well, indicated that there was some truth to his encounter, but a lot of Adamski's photos and films were fabricated. Interestingly, Beckley suggested that the contactee movement of the 50s helped to fuel interest in space travel.

He recalled a conversation he had with astronaut Gordon Cooper, who told him that he'd been given a film that showed an aerial craft that didn't appear to be built on Earth. But when Cooper gave the footage to the Pentagon he never saw or heard about it again. Beckley conjectured that alien intelligences or "ultraterrestrials" don't necessarily hail from other planets, and could be here to help us along, or conversely trying to trick us. Some of the phenomena related to aliens/UFOs is visionary and fantastic, and while it might not point to the extraterrestrial hypothesis, it could tell us something about our own minds, he said. Beckley also touched on USOs (unidentified submersible objects), and cited a Florida incident in which two men said their car was sucked up by a UFO, and one of them was taken to an underwater facility, where he could actually see through the clear walls of the base.

In the latter half, unorthodox ufologist Norio Hayakawa discussed his research into the mysteries of Dulce, New Mexico, and the UFO question. It's been alleged that there's an underground base in Dulce that is jointly run by the US government and ETs. While no physical evidence has emerged to prove that there's a base there, there is circumstantial evidence that points to something there, he said. The US government may have connections in that area, in terms of experimentation, and disposal of waste from black budget projects, he continued. On Dec. 10, 1967, the Atomic Energy Commission exploded a nuclear device underground about 22 miles from Dulce (called Project Gasbuggy), right next to the Jicarilla Apache Reservation. Radiation leaked out after the experiment and led to high rates of cancer and infertility in the Dulce area, he reported.

Hayakawa spoke of his friendship with the late Gabe Valdez, a retired New Mexico State Police officer who investigated cattle mutilations. He believed there was a secret governmental facility on the Dulce mesa, and that the govt. was perhaps staging UFO incidents with holographic projections, as a diversion to cover actual activities like biowarfare experimentation. Hayakawa said he's become more skeptical about UFO photos after such heralded images as the 1957 Brazilian Navy photo and the 1990 Belgian triangle image were declared to be hoaxes. He expressed admiration for researchers John Keel and Jacques Vallee who thought out of the box on the UFO issue, and concluded that rather than coming from other planets, 'aliens' may be from another realm or dimension that can intersect with ours.

News segment guests: John Lott, Katherine Albrecht
Website(s):

   
    conspiracyjournal.com

Book(s):

    Round Trip To Hell In A Flying Saucer
    Curse Of The Men In Black

