Water gets a lot of coverage on the radio, on television and in the press. Its properties and contamination are discussed, the differences between mineral and mineralized water are provided and so on and so forth. This knowledge is useful and broadens our horizons.

However, there is little to no information about ionized water, yet in Japan and South Korea they have known about the beneficial effects for decades and it is now gaining more and more popularity in Western Europe, especially Germany. There are numerous books, movies and tests explaining the magnificent properties of ionized water, and a great deal of information can also be found on the Internet. Nevertheless, in most countries very little is known about the use of ionized water for prophylaxis, the treatment of certain diseases, disinfection, ecological agriculture, etc. It is hard to understand why the abundance of available information about ionized water does not get the attention of our medics and other specialists. The very fact that German clinical trials, during which ionized alkaline water was used to treat diabetes, gave promising results should encourage our scientists to find out more about these trials and possibly give hope for hundreds of thousands of patients.

Moreover, some countries do not even have certified laboratories to test a very important water indicator ΓÇô oxidation-reduction potential (ORP). This indicator describes the antioxidant properties of water, its suitability for the body fluids, and much more. The very request to determine this indicator is met with astonishment, ΓÇ£Why? The standards do not provide for that.ΓÇ¥ Such a situation encouraged the author to summarize the information about ionized water by using various literatures and an abundance of information on the Internet. The purpose of this book is to draw attention to the unique properties of ionized water, the scope of its application, especially for prophylaxis, to encourage scientists and specialists to show more interest in the works of their colleagues abroad and to assess the possibilities of practical use.