01. Sectile 05:57 
02. Schizopolis 05:42 
03. Glass Chewer 05:54 
04. Bipolar 04:31 
05. Maladaptive 06:10 
06. King Cockroach 07:01 
07. Crystals And Wounds 05:03 
08. Fist Full Of Flies 04:30 
09. Twitch 06:53 
10. Transverse 05:32


"...Funky bass, jazzy rhythms, strange new wave parts, crushing metal and an overall cinematographic feeling make the bandΓÇÖs debut one heck of a soul searching endeavour, travelling to the outer limits of whatΓÇÖs possible without drowning in a swamp of meaningless noise. So much beauty is created, it makes the air vibrate and lets your emotions roam free... " 
(Martijn Welzen massmovement.co.uk/wordpress) 

"Metallic Taste Of Blood brings together arch six-string experimentalist Eraldo Bernocchi with Porcupine Tree bassist Colin Edwin, percussive noise soldier Balazs Pandi and keyboardist and avant-jazz alumni Jamie Saft. An intriguing collaboration in theory, and even more mind-boggling in practice. It's a dark and maze-like scramble through ever-changing instrumental soundscapes" (Prog) 

"Manifestly undefinable, Metallic Taste Of Blood collects very diverse strands and genres of music (from metal, dub, avant-jazz and progressive rock primarily) and fuses them into instrumental compositions that tightly straddle what on paper appear total opposites (thus truly representing RareNoiseRecordsΓÇÖ ethos). Both brutal and delicate, distorted but clear, boiling and cool, sweet and brackish, as per the bandΓÇÖs own name...An ever surprising recording, laying the foundation to entire new genres." 
(Rare Noise Records) 
"...Fabricated on art-punk rock, supercharged dub, fuzzed-out metal, ethereal sound-shaping, and components that span multiple genres, the ensemble sculpts a distinctive voice, often sprinkled with unorthodox detours and slants...The band touches on vintage King Crimson stylizations with bulletproof armor while also rocketing into the netherworld..." 
(allaboutjazz) 

Eraldo Bernocchi - guitars (Obake, Somma, Winter Garden...) 
Colin Edwin - bass (Porcupine Tree, Wise Heads...) 
Jamie Saft - piano / keyboards (John Zorn, Merzbow, Masada, New Zion Trio, Black Shabbis...) 
Balazs Pandi - drums (Venetian Snares, Bong Ra, Obake, Merzbow, Otto Von Schirach...)