MOVIE IMBD : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2198161/

Cast :
Venkatesh as Peddodu
Mahesh Babu as Chinnodu
Anjali as Seetha
Samantha as Geetha
Prakash Raj as Relangi Mavayya
Jayasudha as Peddodu and Chinnodu's mother
Rohini Hattangadi as Peddodu and Chinnodu's grandmother
Rao Ramesh as Geetha's father
Abhinaya as Chinni
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Vizag uncle
Tanikella Bharani as Kondala Rao
Rama Prabha as Seetha's grandmother
Venu Madhav as Omkar
Ravi Babu as Goodu Raju, Kondala Rao's son
Ahuti Prasad as Seetha's uncle
Murali Mohan as MLA
Srinivasa Reddy as Chinnodu's friend
Kalpika Ganesh as America akka, Geetha's sister
Tejaswini Madivada as Geetha's sister
Rajitha as Geetha's mother
Prithviraj
Prabhas Sreenu as Goodu Raju's friend
Praveen as Chinnodu's friend
Giridhar as Chinnodu's friend
Raja Ravindra as Police inspector
RJ Hemanth

The film begins in the town of Relangi. In this town there is a man who is fondly known as "Relangi Mavayya" (uncle). The middle-class family of Relangi Mavayya has two sons known as Peddodu (elder) (Venkatesh) and Chinnodu (younger) (Mahesh Babu) and a daughter. Relangi Mavayya's sister had married a man from a rich family referred to as "Vijayawada Manushulu" and had a daughter named Seetha (Anjali). Seetha's parents passed away after her birth and she was brought to live with her uncle, Relangi Mavayya. From her childhood, Seetha sees Peddodu as her husband, but he never visibly reciprocates her feelings: always referring to her as "osey" and "yem ey?"! Peddodu does not like to change himself to please others and is very introverted. Chinnodu, on the other hand, likes to make others change for himself and will fight for what is right. However, the two brothers are as close as they can be. The movie starts off with small incidents happening in the day to day life of the family that helps the viewer understand the tight knit family and its love for each of its members. The main story starts when Venkatesh quits his job because he is told to change his ways and be more friendly and talkative. Meanwhile, Seetha's paternal uncle and family, the rich family referred to as "Vijayawada Manushulu" hears that Relangi Mavayya wants Seetha to marry Pedoddu. However, Seetha's paternal uncle (Rao Ramesh) does not want that to happen. Rao Ramesh, unlike the rest of his family, hates the Relangi family partly due to jealousy and partly due to social and economic status. Since Rao Ramesh's older daughter is getting married, he gives a wedding card to Relangi Mavayya's family out of pure courtesy. Since Relangi Mavayya cannot make it, he sends Chinnodu on his behalf. It is here that Chinoddu sees Geetha (Samantha), Rao Ramesh's younger daughter, and it is love at first sight for both of them. Although they must go their separate ways after the wedding, they exchange phone numbers and speak on a regular basis. While Relangi Mavayya goes out of town to pick up his daughter (Abhinaya), he bumps into the newlyweds (Rao Ramesh's daughter, her husband, and his parents). The boy's parents see Mavayya's daughter and set a pelli choopulu (pre-engagement program) for her and one of their close friends. Although Peddodu does not like the alliance because it came from Vijayawada, Chinnodu convinces him and the wedding is set.
At the wedding, Relangi Mavayya asks Peddodu to stand at the main entrance and greet everyone and for Chinnodu to greet as people sit. The entire Vijayawada family comes and Rao Ramesh has nothing but ill to speak of Relangi Mavayya and his family. When Peddodu hears this, he gets angry. Chinnodu tries to convince him to put on a brave face for the sake of their sister and parents' happiness just for the night and sort out everything in the morning. However, the brothers have a friction. The friction does not last long and they come back to normal. Their mother wants Peddodu to go to Hyderabad along with Chinnodu for a job search as one of their relatives who had come for the wedding had promised a job for Peddodu. Peddodu reluctantly agrees to keep his brother's heart and comes to Hyderabad. He goes to his relative's office to meet him for a job but is made to wait for a very long time, which makes Peddodu angry. He shouts at his relative and leaves the office. Meanwhile Vijaywada family comes to visit Hyderabad and Geetha (Samantha) invites Chinnodu for lunch. At lunch Chinnodu is taken by surprise to see the entire family in the restaurant. Even the family is caught bu surprise, who then invite him to sit with them and have lunch. Geetha's father ends up insulting his father while conversing with him which makes Chinnodu angry and he fires back and leaves. Geetha goes after Chinnodu to pacify him but they both run into Peddodu accidentally who is upset seeing Chinnodu with Viajayawada family. Without asking for any details, he immediately leaves Hyderabad and his stubborn nature upsets Chinnodu. This becomes a source of tension between the brothers till the end of the movie.
In the middle of these tensions their father meets with an accident while trying to save another person and gets admitted to the hospital. Turns out the person he saved was a close relative's son. The relative realizes his folly in having misunderstood Relangi Mavayya all these years he comes to apologize. Tension between the brothers grows further when Peddodu tries to speak to Chinnodu but Chinnodu says they are good for nothing and cannot achieve anything. Seetha who witnesses this plans to visit Bhadrachalam to solve all their family problems. What happens at Bhadhrachalam and how their father sets things right between the brothers and stands as inspiration for every one forms the climax of the movie.

= Release Info =-

Format:MKV
Total Size:818 MB
Runtime:02:38:45
Total bitrate:1039 Kbps
Source: 720p ddr
Encoder: PAVANace


-= Video Info =-

Format:x264/Mkv AVC High
Bitrate:939 kbps
Maximum bit rate:6.5 Mbps
Encoding:2 Pass
Resolution:1280 x 544
Quality Factor (QF):.32
Frame Rate:same as source
Display Aspect Ratio:2.35:1
Size:818 MB 

-= Audio Info =-

Type:AC3
Bitrate:128
Sample Rate:48K
Channels:2 channels:Front L R.

Subtitles:no
Sample:YES.




//bayimg.com/JAmpiaaEK
//bayimg.com/jamPgAaek
//bayimg.com/jamPJaAeK
//bayimg.com/jAmpKAaEK






