CS: GO features new maps, characters, and weapons and delivers updated versions of the classic CS content (de_dust, etc.). In addition, CS: GO will introduce new gameplay modes, matchmaking, leader boards, and more.

“Counter-Strike took the gaming industry by surprise when the unlikely MOD became the most played online PC action game in the world almost immediately after its release in August 1999,” said Doug Lombardi at Valve. “For the past 12 years, it has continued to be one of the most-played games in the world, headline competitive gaming tournaments and selling over 25 million units worldwide across the franchise. CS: GO promises to expand on CS’ award-winning gameplay and deliver it to gamers on the PC as well as the next gen consoles and the Mac.”

CS: GO is being developed by Valve in cooperation with Seattle-based Hidden Path Entertainment. The title is targeted for release in early 2012 and will be playable at this year’s PAX Prime and Eurogamer Expo.

AviaRa Team brings you COUNTER-STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSIVE

The game is fully cracked, just install it and play on cracked servers
We work on our cracked server so in 1 or 2 days it will be up just for you
Untill then you can play this in offline mod with bots or you could play with friends if you follow some simple steps:


1.Open game
2.Open console (press ~ button)
3.Create a game with bots
4.Join a friend game with bots by typing "connect your friends`s ip" like an example "connect 187.0.1.2"
5.If you don`t know the ip just go to: http://whatismyipaddress.com/ and see what ip you/he have/has.

If you like this game please seed it to others

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team


More info and updates here:   http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13159.0


Big thanks to -=Junkies=- for the nice launcher :)


                                                      
