 http://imgload.me/img-50f8a99062933.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50f8a9906ce6f.html 

Year: 2006
Genre: Adventure, 3D
Censorship: None
Developer: Redfire Software
Publisher: CDV Software Entertainment
Platform: PC / Windows
Publication Type: Original (Genuine)
License: Freeware
Language: Russian (voice / text / interface)

System requirements:
Operating system: Windows 95/98/ME/2000/XP
Pentium 4/Athlon XP 1.5 GHz
256 MB of memory
3D-accelerator with 64 MB of memory
2.5 GB hard drive

Description: Blonde Lula moved to Primal 3D game developer to make a success neuvenchalas quest, the quest turned out, to put it mildly, not very ... But there is something to see! Game need to go, that would see the movie ... and not only in them can be interesting things to see. Everywhere is full of what is prohibited in the television and radio broadcast ... yes, the game is not for children, but 99% of them still held it before her parents ... acceptable and 3D graphics make the passing game more memorable, so ... is not to forget ... seen for a long time will crash into the brain and memory especially impressionable young people ... Gameplay is also not so bad. You do not have to think on the table, deciding super complicated puzzle ...
Lula 3D will allow you to just walk on the storyline, the game, enjoying what is happening on the monitor ... Silicon Madame cuts across the expanses of the United States, explores the urban alleys, luxury apartments, dirty bars and cultural centers, managing to be noted in the most remarkable parts of the country. Beverly Hills, San Francisco, Las Vegas, Mount Rushmore and the New Orleans pass before my eyes in the tradition of "road movie", and the story is rapidly gaining momentum. The disappearance of black triplets in the midst of filming "18 +" (director - our diva) acquires vividly details: mafia showdowns, family secrets, love and betrayal peppered with a hefty portion of jokes and parodies.

Features:
3D erotic quest with elements of action-action
Complete freedom of action from dancing to fighting
Reckless behavior from causing bikini to excellent humor
Intuitive operation will relax and enjoy the game play

Installation:
1. Mount the image example with DAEMON Tools
2. Set
3. Play