Cover 
http://nostarch.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/product_full/mg_statistics_big.png

Authors: Shin Takahashi
Title: The Manga Guide to Statistics
Publication Date: November 2008
Pages: 232
List Price: $15.95 (E-Book)
File Format: PDF
File Size: 135 MB

Description

Think you can't have fun learning statistics? Think again.

The Manga Guide to Statistics will teach you everything you need to know about this essential discipline, while entertaining you at the same time. With its unique combination of Japanese-style comics called manga and serious educational content, the EduManga format is already a hit in Japan.

In The Manga Guide to Statistics, our heroine Rui is determined to learn about statistics to impress the dreamy Mr. Igarashi and begs her father for a tutor. Soon she's spending her Saturdays with geeky, bespectacled Mr. Yamamoto, who patiently teaches her all about the fundamentals of statistics: topics like data categorization, averages, graphing, and standard deviation.

After all her studying, Rui is confident in her knowledge of statistics, including complex concepts like probability, coefficients of correlation, hypothesis tests, and tests of independence. But is it enough to impress her dream guy? Or maybe there's someone better, right in front of her?

Reluctant statistics students of all ages will enjoy learning along with Rui in this charming, easy-to-read guide, which uses real-world examples like teen magazine quizzes, bowling games, test scores, and ramen noodle prices. Examples, exercises, and answer keys help you follow along and check your work. An appendix showing how to perform statistics calculations in Microsoft Excel makes it easy to put Rui's lessons into practice.

This EduManga book is a translation from a bestselling series in Japan, co-published with Ohmsha, Ltd. of Tokyo, Japan.


Table of Contents

Preface
Our Prologue: Statistics with Heart-Pounding Excitement
Chapter 1: Determining Data Types
Chapter 2: Getting the Big Picture: Understanding Numerical Data
Chapter 3: Getting the Big Picture: Understanding Categorical Data
Chapter 4: Standard Score and Deviation Score
Chapter 5: Let's Obtain the Probability
Chapter 6: Let's Look at the Relationship Between Two Variables
Chapter 7: Let's Explore the Hypothesis Tests
Appendix: Let's Calculate Using Excel
Index