 http://beeimg.com/images/h66287307991.jpeg

Ashampoo Music Studio 4 Build 4.0.8.23 Final Incl Reg-File - SceneDL

Ashampoo Music Studio is your all-in-one solution to create, edit, design and produce your music. Ashampoo Music Studio 4 covers the entire workflow from music creation to production.

Supported audio formats: FLAC, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA

Create
Digitize your audio and enjoy the everlasting high quality of digital music. Notebook computer, music player or cellphone listen to your favorite music, anywhere any time Transfer your precious music collection to your PC and let Music Studio create the required audio files for you Record your own audio files through any available Windows recording device, e.g. microphone or line in, and process them right in Music Studio. Grab the music right from your favorite movies and create your own ringtones and remixes.

Edit
Take control of your music collection and adjust your songs to your personal needs. Have Music Studio auto-create meaningful file names for your songs. Turn Allegro con brio.mp3 into Beethoven Op. 15 Allegro con brio.mp3 and keep better track of your music collection. Volume too high or too low? Song too long? Audio format wrong. Adjust these settings with ease with Music Studio.

Design
Catalog your music collection and never loose track of your audio discs again. Create beautiful covers for jewel and slim cases or print directly to your discs. Music Studios Cover Editor will have you create stunning artwork in no time.

Produce
Your files are now digitized, converted and modified. It is time to write them to disc, either for storage, easy listening on your CD player or as a gift to your sugardaddy. Why not also add some variety and merge your tracks to create new ones. Music Studios Mix Tape provides fascinating variation and adds new vigor to your music collection. With full cross-fading support, simply combine your existing tracks to make new ones. Use MP3, WMA, FLAC, OGG, or WAV files to burn your own audio CDs and MP3, WMA or even mixed-format discs

Home Page - http://www.ashampoo.com/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Do not launch The App
3] Run Reg-File in Reg-File Folder
4] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL