Bigasoft M4A Converter

Professional M4A file converter for M4A audio files

Bigasoft M4A Converter is the most renowned M4A music converter not only to convert M4A audio files to other popular Audio formats but also convert to M4A from popular video and audio formats.

Bigasoft M4A Audio Converter provides ultimate solution for M4A decoding. It can fast and batch convert M4A to any audio formats including convert M4A to MP3, convert M4A to WAV and convert M4A to WMA, AAC, OGG, AIFF, RU, RA, etc.

Bigasoft M4A Converter is excellent Audio to M4A Converter as well as Video to M4A Converter. It can convert music files to M4A, Apple Lossless M4A (ALAC) from any uncompressed/compressed lossless or lossy audio including WAV, AIFF, AU, FLAC, APE, WMA, MP3, AAC, etc. As a Video to M4A Converter, the M4A Music Converter can convert popular video to M4A like convert MP4 to M4A, MOV to M4A, WMV to M4A and convert MKV, AVI, RM, RMVB, DivX, XviD, Bik, RAD, WebM and more to M4A.

Bigasoft M4A Converter provides advanced settings such as trim unwanted segment; adjust audio quality, audio volume, bitrate and more.

Key Features:

Convert M4A to any audio
Bigasoft M4A Audio Converter provides a fast way to convert music formats to take your fantastic music anywhere and hear superb songs when you want. You can listen to your favorite songs on iPod, iPad, iPhone, BlackBerry, PSP, PS3, Zune, MP4 player, and so on.
Convert Audio to M4A
The audio converter can help you easily convert audio from almost all formats including MP3, WMA, AAC, AC3, WAV, OGG, etc to M4A. The M4A File converter can be used as MP3 to M4A converter, WMA to M4A converter, OGG to M4A converter, and so on.
Convert Video to M4A
The video to audio converter allows you to extract audio tracks from all popular movies or music videos and save it as M4A, such as AVI, MPEG, MP4, MPG, VOB, MOV, MKV, WMV, etc.
Audio Trim
The M4A file converter can trim unwanted audio part and convert only the desired the part by setting the trimming start time and end time.
M4A Splitter
Easily split M4A files by file size or by embed chapter markers.
File Compression to save disc
Want to compress your M4A files to smaller size? Bigasoft M4A Converter helps you fast deal with the compression by convert M4A to MP3 in batch.
Adjust audio volume and audio quality
Easily convert and adjust the volume of your music file to desired level by the built in audio volume adjustor.
Need higher audio quality after conversion? You can easily adjust it by setting the audio quality to higher or adjust the audio bitrate to specific bitrate.
Batch conversion
Import as many files as you like and the smart M4A converter will automatically convert them one by one.
Pre-listen before conversion
Listen to music clips before audio conversion can save your time.
Easy to use
With the user-friendly interface, the audio converting tool is suited for both veterans and beginners you can complete your conversion as easy as 1-2-3.
Support multi-language
Support multi-language like English, German, French, Italian, Chinese, and Japanese now.
M4A Converter for Windows 8, Windows 7
Bigasoft M4A Converter works smartly on Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/m4a-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.