 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://beeimg.com/images/u24664998992.jpeg

Sticky Password Pro 6.0.10.445 Final Incl Serial - SceneDL

You stole ICQ or broke open mail? Missing money from your electronic purse? So you and must! You simply do not know how to keep your passwords! Passwords are now the most popular, and often the only way to protect personal information. Sticky Password-a unique program that integrates the system remembers and automatically enters the user IDs and passwords in the fields of a site, any program on your computer! Sticky Password oppose keylogers and other spy program to try to capture your passwords. A password-protected powerful encryption algorithms, including AES / Rijndael with 256 to date, most reliable.

Sticky Password 6.0 – even better at getting you organized and saving you time.

save time with Sticky Password

Sticky Password recognizes your password-protected sites and logs you in automatically.

One-click form filling! Sticky Password fills in tedious online forms quickly and accurately.

Sticky Password integrates with your browser and applications so your passwords and data are always ready when you need them.

No more lost or forgotten passwords, Sticky Password gets them right the first time and even logs you in automatically.

The Installation Wizard imports your passwords automatically from browsers and other password manager programs on your computer.

Take advantage of the automatic update feature to ensure that you always have the latest build or version of Sticky Password.

protect yourself against identity theft and online threats

Sticky Password creates the strongest passwords possible and manages them for you. With Sticky Password’s password generator, you’re just a click away from another strong password.

The database is encrypted with the strongest encryption algorithms available in the industry, including the military-grade AES algorithm.

You’ll be protected from phishing scams, because Sticky Password won’t send your login and password to fake websites!

Multiple levels of protection against key-loggers. Sticky Password’s automatic login and form filling ensure that there is nothing for key loggers to record. And the Virtual Keyboard also ensures that not even someone peaking over your shoulder will know what you’re typing.

Use the new Secure Memos to store even more of your important data in the secure encrypted database.

Sticky Password is safer than browsers. When stored in a browser, your passwords can be used by anyone using the computer, and are also more at risk to being stolen by computer viruses than when they are securely stored in Sticky Password’s encrypted database.

get organized – passwords and website accounts under control

Sticky Password puts strong passwords under your control. Your Master Password is the only password you’ll need to remember.

Sticky Password fills in all those online forms for you.

No toolbars required: located in the title bar, the Caption Button is your access point to Sticky Password functions. No one else has it.

Each Sticky Password license includes the Sticky Password Portable Version FREE, so you’ll always have your passwords when you need them.

Sticky Passwords supports secure export and other collaboration options.

Your password Accounts will be organized the way you want with our enhanced groups.

Keep your passwords and data in synch! Easy synchronization between your PC and Portable versions.

Support for the browsers you use. Sticky Password works with Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome and more, so you’re not tied to any single browser.


Home Page - http://stickypassword.com

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Enter Serial
3] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL