I've had people request this first volume a few times, but until now I've never bothered to download it. All credit goes to the original scanners, and to Joshua13 who uploaded them to TPB as part of his MTCDC project!

Also included are spin-offs, the #0 issue, a special, an annual... I think I compiled everything "WildC.A.T.s" that came out during the period between #1 in '92 and #50 in '98. (But not the Voodoo mini or the Grifter comics.)

Sorry that some of the scans in the middle of the run are taken from the TPBs. I'd prefer some good, new, high-def scans on the whole series but hey, I don't scan. I'm glad for whatever I can find.

Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

From Wikipedia:

WildC.A.T.s is a fictional superhero team created by the American comic book artist Jim Lee and writer Brandon Choi.

The team first appeared in 1992 in the first issue of their eponymous comic book WildC.A.T.s: Covert Action Teams, published by Image Comics. It was Image founding partner Jim Lee's first work published by the newly-launched company, and his first creator owned project. The Wildcats were the starting point for Lee's menagerie of interconnected superhero creations which became the foundation of the Wildstorm Universe.

The Wildcats comics, launched at the apex of a speculator-fuelled comics sales boom, was wildly popular at its inception, with wholesale sales to comic book stores above one million copies for early issues. This first series ran for 50 issues, and in addition to Lee featured work by such prominent comics creators as Travis Charest, Chris Claremont, James Robinson and Alan Moore.

This popularity saw the property expand into other media, with an animated adaptation of the comic debuting on CBS in 1994 and a toyline from Playmates Toys.

In 1998, ownership of the Wildcats concepts and characters were sold to DC Comics, a subsidiary of Time Warner, as part of DC's acquisition of Lee's company Wildstorm Productions.