 
                   PART  492


           FAITH NO MORE  -  Epic  ( 1989)
           PANTERA  -  I'm Broken  (1994)
           OZZY OSBOURNE  -   I Don't Wanna Stop  (2007)
           BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE  - Scream, Aim, Fire  (2007)
           BULLET FOR MY VALENTINE  - Your Betrayal  (2010)



    "Epic" is a song by the American rock band Faith No More. It was released in 1989/1990 as the second single from their third album "The Real Thing" in US and in 1990 as their second single from that album in the UK and Europe. The song was a breakthrough hit. It peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 (the band's only Top Ten hit in the United States), and their first Number One single on the Australian charts. It is the band's most popular song and a staple in their concerts.  "Epic" was ranked number thirty on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs, number sixty-seven on their 100 Greatest One-hit Wonders list, in 2009, it was named the 54th best hard rock song of all time also by VH1, also in 2009 it charted number 46 on the Triple J Hottest 100 of All Time, the largest music poll in the world.
Genre  -  Funk metal, rap metal, alternative metal 

    "I'm Broken" is a song by the heavy metal band Pantera from the 1994 album "Far Beyond Driven". It was the first single issued from the album. The song features one of guitarist Dimebag Darrell's most famous riffs. Kerry King said in a Japanese TV show Rock Fujiyama (featuring guitarist Marty Friedman) that it was his favorite guitar riff.  The single garnered the band its second top 40 U.K hit reaching #19 on the UK Singles Chart, making it the band's highest charting single worldwide. It also reached #49 on the Australian Charts and #32 on the Swedish Charts. The song was also nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 1995 Grammy Awards. Allmusic reviewer Eduardo Rivadavia called "I'm Broken" a "wisely chosen first single" 
Genre  -  Groove metal, heavy metal 

    "I Don't Wanna Stop" is a Grammy nominated single from heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne's 9th studio album, "Black Rain". It is the first song by Osbourne to ever reach #1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks, making it the longest career run in rock history for an artist before reaching number one at 37 years, 4 months. He is also the oldest solo artist to reach number one on the Mainstream Rock Tracks, at 58 years, 8 months
Genre   -  Heavy metal 

    "Scream Aim Fire" is a song by Bullet for My Valentine. The first single from their second album,"Scream Aim Fire". Featured in the video games Guitar Hero World Tour[ and non-US versions of Guitar Hero Modern Hits, it is the band's highest charting single worldwide. The music video shows the band performing in a warehouse. Images of war are displayed on large screens throughout the video, which are parallel to the band. The video is purely band performance, cross cut between close ups of singer Matt Tuck, and the performance of the rest of the band. The lyrics of the song are about "going to war" as Matt Tuck describes during live shows. For example, they scream "over the top" several times in the song, a reference to World War I trench warfare.   

    "Your Betrayal" is a song by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine and was released as the first and lead US single from their third album, "Fever". The song was set for release on March 8, 2010 to the radio; "Your Betrayal" was nominated for the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.  The music video for the song premiered on April 12, 2010; The video features the band playing while fire is in the background. Scenes behind the flames show two girls, identical twin actress/models Ginamarie Russo and Annamarie Russo, committing each of the Seven Deadly Sins. The twins can be seen as each of the deadly sins, and performing side by side for the deadly sin "Pride". The video ends with the screen fully engulfed in flames.  
