Jim Ford - The Sounds Of Our Time (2007)


The legendary ΓÇÿHarlan CountyΓÇÖ album, PLUS rare singles and previously unreleased masters! The first and last word on an underground roots music legend! Jim FordΓÇÖs original album from 1969 has been described as the holy grail of country soul.

Jim Ford is Sly Stone's best friend and Nick Lowe's biggest musical influence. Aretha Franklin, Bobby Womack and The Temptations have all recorded his songs. But after one mythical album, 'Harlan County,' in 1969, he disappeared. Many
have tried to find him without success, but now Bear Family Records is proud to announce the definite collection plus the full story.

Comparisons? We have a few. 'Harlan County' inhabits the same territory as 'From Elvis In Memphis' or Dan Penn's 'Nobody's Fool,' and his record was every bit their equal. It occupies the land where R&B meets country, Memphis and Nashville meet Louisiana, and the Mississippi Delta meets Appalachia. Jim Ford blended the ingredients in a way that had never, and would never, be done again.
'The Sounds Of Our Time' is filled to the brim with breathtaking moments that are guaranteed to please any country soul fan.

"Jim Ford's songs made a tremendous impact on me. He's in the same musical league as Dan Penn, Spooner Oldham and Joe South. He's impossible to copy but the way he writes is something I've always aspired for. Jim Ford is the biggest musical influence of my life."Nick Lowe

"Jimmy Ford is the baddest white man on the planetΓÇª Killer writer!!!"
Sly Stone


Tracks:

01. Harlan County  
02. I'm Gonna Make Her Love Me  
03. Changing Colors  
04. Dr Handy's Dandy Candy  
05. Love On My Brain  
06. Long Road Ahead  
07. Under Construction  
08. Working My Way To L.A.  
09. Spoonful  
10. To Make My Life Beautiful  
11. Big Mouth USA  
12. 36 Inches High  
13. Sounds Of Our Time  
14. Chain Gang  
15. I Wonder What They'll Do With Today  
16. Go Through Sunday  
17. She Turns My Radio On  
18. Mixed Green  
19. Happy Songs Sell Records, Sad Songs Sell Beer  
20. It Takes Two (To Make One)  
21. Big Mouth USA  
22. Rising Sign  
23. Linda Comes Running  
24. Ramona  
25. Hanging From Your Lovin Tree  

If you like the album, buy it and support the artist!
