 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51RaV4xqF4L.jpg


Powerlifting

Publisher: Human Kinetics;
Dan Austin, Bryan Mann
2012  
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0736094644
ISBN-13: 978-0736094641
224 Pages
PDF 
8.08 MB

Powerlifting. The name says it all—strength, power, intensity, concentration, determination. The sport’s physical and mental demands are unlike any other, as are its athletes who must always be committed and focused on success.

Now, hall of famer and nine-time world powerlifting champion Dan Austin has teamed with strength and conditioning expert Dr. Bryan Mann to create the sport’s most comprehensive resource. Powerlifting breaks down every aspect of the sport, including fueling, preparation, and execution of the three primary lifts: bench press, squat, and deadlift. 

This hard-core guide includes more than 100 of the most effective exercises to enhance the three power movements, proven mental strategies, sample programs, and periodization plans for increasing absolute strength, power, and flexibility. The authors also share their secrets for preparing for competition, optimizing training, avoiding injuries, and advancing through the ranks.

Whether you’re serious about powerlifting or simply seeking a proven approach for developing strength and power from one of the most accomplished athletes in the sport, Powerlifting is a must-have.

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51hinHZqmFL.jpg


Developing Agility and Quickness (Sport Performance)

Publisher: Human Kinetics
Jay Dawes , Mark Roozen
2011
Language: English
ISBN-10: 073608326X
ISBN-13: 978-0736083263
EPUB 
200 pages  
7.39 MB

The ball handler who fakes and then drives past a defender for an easy score. A pass rusher who leaves a would-be blocker in his wake on the way to sacking the quarterback. A setter who manages to maneuver both body and ball in the blink of an eye to make the perfect pass for the kill and match-winning point. These are all reasons agility and quickness are such prized physical attributes in modern sport. 

 Efforts to become markedly quicker or more agile, however, aren’t always successful. Genetic limitations, technical deficiencies, and inferior training activities are among the major obstacles. 

Developing Agility and Quickness helps athletes blow past those barriers thanks to the top sport conditioning authority in the world, the National Strength and Conditioning Association. NSCA hand-picked its top experts to present the best training advice, drills, and programs for optimizing athletes’ linear and lateral movements. Make Developing Agility and Quickness a key part of your conditioning program, and get a step ahead of the competition.


