    UFS Explorer Professional Recovery v5.6 *KEYMAKER.ONLY*


Cracked by....:  KaiZer SoZe       Release-Name..:  CR-X3723.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2013/02/11
Packaged......:  Bergelmir         Release-Type..:  Util
Protection....:  Serial            OS............:  Windows
Crack/SN......:  Keymaker          Language......:  Multilingual
Rating........:  [You decide!]     Disks.........:  01


                        ..: DESCRiPTiON :..


UFS Explorer Professional Recovery is a full-featured software
application designed exclusively for data recovery specialists.
The application successfully combines low-level data analysis and
data management functions with high-level data recovery tools. UFS
Explorer Professional Recovery is the only software of the UFS
Explorer group that allows to alter original information on the
storage.

UFS Explorer Professional Recovery was specially designed for
complex storage system recovery after hardware or software failure
and other data loss cases. Embedded tool set for complex storages
and RAID reconstruction allows to recover lost information from
most popular RAID storages and even complex NAS and SAN systems.

Though this software best suits data recovery professionals, it
can be used for data recovery from home desktop DAS and NAS
systems as well as internal computer RAID storages.

Key product features include:
- Both 32 bit and 64 bit operating system architectures;
- Numerous file systems: NTFS, FAT, HFS+, Ext2-Ext4, XFS,
 ReiserFS, JFS, UFS etc.;
- Full support of Unicode and localized file names;
- Particular specialization of each recovery algorithm;
- Fast disk-on-disk recovery: recover data from virtual disks and
  disk images located on other disk images, RAID etc.;
- Embedded easy-to-use tools for operations on complex storages
  (RAID). 
http://www.ufsexplorer.com/download_pro.php

                  ..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..



Use our keymaker to register the application.




                       Thanks for choosing
            (C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering!


