Artist:Micky & The Motorcars
Release: Raise My Glass
Released: 2011
Label: 2009 - Smith Music Group
Catalog#: 
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: USA
Style: americana





1. Raise My Glass
2. A Thousand Tears
3. Any Longer Any More
4. How Far I'll Go
5. Far From You
6. Longer Walk In The Rain
7. Never Been Out West
8. Big Casino
9. Odessa Snow
10. Faded And Gone
11. St. Lucy's Eyes

There is a forlorn and melancholy vibe hanging over Micky Braun these days. Listening to Raise My Glass, the latest studio album from his Texas-based band, Micky & The Motorcars,

There’s a early Springsteen vibe going on on the title track, which launches Raise My Glass. Minor key guitars, an accordion, a steady beat, and a vocal performance from Braun that will break your heart. The pain is real, or at least Braun makes it sound real.

That brokenhearted feeling continues on “A Thousand Tears” and that runs into “Any Longer Any More,” two songs that are side-by-side but are not as distinctive as they could be. I did like Kris Farrow’s guitar solo on the latter track.

Fans of the Texas/Red Dirt sound will latch on to “Far From You.” And if you like the chilly roots-country of “Odessa Snow,” you’re not alone – it’s a keeper!

Braun’s vocal performance on slow-burning ballad “How Far I’ll Go” is workmanlike, but decent.

The song that hits the hardest, though, is “Never Been Out West,” a bittersweet slice of country, complete with pedal steel and an interesting drum pattern from stickman Shane Vannerson.

Vannerson’s drums are mixed up front on the bold and rapid-fire “St. Lucy’s Eyes.” This song shows what MMC are truly capable of.

"This life I lead, it's not for the faint of heart," Micky Braun warns listeners. Rough out there on the road, methinks.

Gary Braun, rhythm guitarist for the Motorcars, takes lead vocals on “Big Casino,” a song he co-wrote with brother and Reckless Kelly frontman Willy Braun. In fact the song has a muscular Reckless Kelly feel to it. A beefy track, for sure.