Efficient Address Book

Efficient Address Book is a professional, elegant and handy contact management software program.

It supports endless levels of contact groupings and helps you manage the information of even thousands of contacts rapidly. You can add birthday and anniversaries to a contact and the program will remind you of them on time, so you can better create and keep networking and build customer relationships. By setting importance of your customers, you can always focus on key persons. Custom fields fully meet your special business requirements. The product saves you a lot of time by features such as flash find, fast input of contacts from the same company, copy and paste of contacts as well as bulk import.

Besides, there are various unique features such as the product can display contact list in card view, you can add unlimited number of photos to a contact and you can edit all the fields of a contact profile, etc. A major feature of the Efficient address book software is you can not only add text, but also insert attachments, tables, pictures and URLs to the comment of a contact, just like Microsoft Word does, so it can truly record and track all information of this contact! Besides, you have up to 8 interface styles of different tones of color to choose from!

Efficient Address Book is a must have for people from all walks of life to manage their contact information.

Why Choose Efficient's Address Book Software?:

Multiple Interface Styles
8 interface styles are provided to meet your individual needs! They have various tones of color like blue, green or metallic, and have Vista standard and XP standard windows appearances separately.

Network Edition Available
Efficient Address Book is suitable not only for individual users, but also for business users. The Network Edition allows different users in your organization to access the same copy of data, to work in conjunction and improve work efficiency. Besides, the Network Edition uses Firebird, a world leading open source database, so you do not need to pay any additional cost for the database server.

Portable Edition Available
The portable edition is designed to run from a USB flash drive. Now, with the USB drive, you can manage your address book on different computers (such as one at home and another at work), and do not need to worry about data synchronization!

Free Edition Available
To meet different requirements from our friends, we provide a professional edition together with a free edition. You can upgrade from the free edition to the professional one at any time.

Easy to Search
Efficient Address Book has powerful search capabilities so you can quickly find your information.

Powerful Document Editor
Efficient Address Book has embedded a powerful document editor similar to MS-Word, which can be used to write your comments for contacts.

Information Safety Safeguards
There is a Recycle Bin in this contact management software, you do not need to be worried that you may delete some important information by mistake. The functions of Backup and Restore can help you conveniently save and migrate data.

Languages: English, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Farsi, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Korean, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian

Supported OS:

Windows 8/7/XP/Vista (32-bit or 64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.efficientsoftware.net/addressbook/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with any name and given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.