This program patches all Adobe CS6, still a few things to update for CS6, but this will be including CS5, CS4, CS7? CSS, and so on and so forth.

If your anti virus deleted either a DLL file or a exe file, it is a False positive, but if you do not trust me, then Delete it, not forcing you to use something you do not want to, also if you get an error like, Such and such is not a valid win32 application, redownload the torrent, odds are your anti virus is the cause or the download is not fully completed.

Thanks for downloading the Adobe Induced Patcher, some things need to be done before you can use this program.

1. Make sure you have at least .NET Framework 2.0 SP1 you can download that here  
http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=16614
2. Once downloaded install it if you already have NET Framework 2.0 which most systems not days do then you don't need to step 1
3. Make sure when patching to only patch the required program once doing this a second time will delete the backup file saved in the directory
4. There are 2 Types of Patches 1= Adobe Example Program 2= Adobe Example Program 32Bit
5. Adobe Example Program is for 64bit systems only and Adobe Example Program 32bit is for 32bit systems only
6. Adobe After Effects and Premiere Pro are both only for 64bit systems thus why they do not have a 32bit option
7. When you first run the program it will check for latest updates if so it will say a brief message of what the newest version is if not then it will say you have the most current version.
8. When clicking yes for the update it will be automatically downloaded to where your desired program is already as a zip file then open the zip file
9. If you click on no for checking for updates periodically then it will update it into your registry and add a registry value, don't worry if you do this that's why there is also a manual button which when clicked allows the same thing to check for updates
10. When doing a tutorial for this there is a button called "Music Off" this when clicked pauses the music so making a voice tutorial is not a hassle.
11. To visit ProjectInduce's website click the banner on top
12. Do not claim that you made this buy uploading it to a shit site like Shitcash, Fileass, ect.
13. Keep the dll files with the Program or it will not run, instead it will crash instantly
14. Want a easy way to download all adobe trials? Click the Download Adobe Trial Button, and follow the directions.
Thanks for understanding TeamInduce
projectinduce@aol.com

All Rights Reserved Under ProjectInduce ┬⌐ 2013