DAfter Metro 2033 video game that won the hearts of gamers all over the world for its bold and innovative gameplay, comes Metro: Last Light, first-person shooter set in the underground of Moscow.
You are Artyom, a young man that circumstances have turned into a fighter and you have to deal with, not only the different factions that divide the meter, but also the dangers that come from the surface!

Among the most appreciated aspects of Metro 2033 are undoubtedly the setting and the story, which made it in some ways unique gaming experience. 4A Games with the following wants to focus more on the figure of the protagonist, while the background moves a plot that revolves around the conflict between the different factions that have settled in the different stations of the Moscow Metro. There is still an in-depth political aspect in Metro: Last Light, but the developers have chosen to dedicate themselves to Artyom and his journey, and is up to the player more interested groped to catch every reference, line of dialogue, document dispersed, to obtain a picture detail of what is happening in the world. Next stop, the horror! The screenplay was adapted by the guys at 4A Games, but the narrative of origin comes directly from the pen of Dmitry Glukhovsky. The writer was present in person in London and was very helpful nell'illustrarci his involvement with the working title. He explained how he followed a different path than the average shooter. Dmitry does not believe that the player should be treated like a fool, but as one of its readers: it deserves a detailed virtual world and deep, full of details that make it alive and interesting. For this in front of the white sheet was let go to put together a story designed for a book, then leaving it up to the expert hands of developers to adapt in order to reduce and eventually merge with the gameplay. So much has been the work of the writer who most likely will be in 2014 published a new book, tentatively titled Metro 2035. We will not go into too much detail describing you as we could play to not spoil the pleasure of discovery, but we will limit ourselves to some element of interest. The plot describes a conflict between factions that involves faithful communists, fascists and the same ranger belongs to Artyom. Next stop, the horror! An important role it will play then the creatures known as the Dark One, whose skills seem to be a source of interest for many. The beginning of the campaign saw us visit several places, including an impressive outside of Moscow in the rubble, searching for information inside the wreckage of a crashed airplane. We then walked through the station's Theatre, home of the Communist Party, a direct outpost with an iron fist. As was the case in Metro 2033, there will still be more relaxed moments during which you can put aside their weapons to listen and observe people, capturing details of a slice of life very fascinating and obscure. Dmitry likes to turn the reality, describing a post-apocalyptic world pessimistic, seeing the man fall victim of his own weaknesses as always, these are the thirst for power, the easy way of dictatorship or the loss of respect for the culture as dall'agghiacciante witnessed the transformation of the renowned Bolshoi theater for strippers.

Tested with Rogero 4.40 v1.03

Thanks DUPLEX!!! 