WAV format

Track Listings
1. Cherish (Extended Version)
2. Cherish (7- Version)
3. Supernatural 


Most Helpful Customer Reviews

8 of 9 people found the following review helpful

5.0 out of 5 stars A Madonna Song To Truly Cherish! May 30, 2003

By Busy Body

Format:Audio CD

In September 1989 Madonna released Cherish, the third single from her massive No.1 album Like A Prayer. The song peaked at No.3 in the UK, and spent a total of 8 weeks on the chart. The song was a big hit, but didn't spend much time on the charts - 8 weeks is not very long for a Madonna song, when they usually spend around 14 or 15 weeks on the chart.

Cherish opens with a joyous and melodic beat that instantly opens the scene for the song. Madonna then begins singing her first verse, "So tired of the broken hearts and losing at this game, before I start this dance, I take a chance. I'm telling you I want more than just romance." She then goes onto a bridge which begins instantly after the first verse, "You are my destiny, I can't let go, baby can't you see? Cupid, please take your aim at me." The drums and the keyboard then build up for the opening first chorus with the fabulous and lightweight lyrics, "I cherish the thought, of always having you here by my side. Oh baby I cherish the joy, you keep bringing into my life, I'm always singing. I cherish the strength, you got the power to make me feel good. Oh baby, I perish the thought of ever leaving, I never would." The song then instantly begins its fun second verse, "I was never satisfied with casual encounters. I can't hide the need for two hearts that bleed, with burning love that's the way it's got to be. Romeo and Juliet, they never felt this way I bet. So don't underestimate my point of view..." The second chorus then kicks in, and Madonna's upbeat and lively vocals lift the song to new heights of pleasure and happiness. The beat then starts up again, as Madonna sings "Who? You! Can't get anywhere, I won't let you. Who? You! I could never forget to. Cherish is the word I use to remind me of...your love." Madonna then repeats her chorus a few more times as the backing singers sing, "Can't get anywhere, can't get anywhere." The song gradually fades out leaving you feeling very fresh and lively.

The video to Cherish was directed by the late (and legendary) photographer Herb Ritts. The video is set on a beach where Madonna frolics with male mermaids..mermen even! The video is black and white, and Madonna looks stunning as she dances around in the water in nothing but a revealing black dress. She looks a lot like Marilyn Monroe in this video, especially at the time where Miss Monroe had hundreds of photos taken of her on a beach in June 1962 (two months before her tragic death) after she was fired by 20th Century Fox. Again, Madonna makes a striking resemblance to the screen icon. Overall, Cherish is definitely a 5-star song and worthy of the classic status it has achieved, much like Madonna's other 1980's hits.
