POtHS - End Times - 23

Mark Biltz - Introduction to Revelations


   
POtHS - End Times - 23 - Mark Biltz - Introduction to Revelations


POtHS Comments on This one Looking at this the Church may be on shaky ground.

Description:


-----------------------------------------------------------

Introduction Revelations Series, Part 1:
Torah Treasures Revealed Series Introduction
El Shaddai Ministries
Pastor Mark Biltz
Monday July 16, 2012

Isaiah 46:10 Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:

Deuteronomy 31:16-19 And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers; and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of the strangers of the land, whither they go to be among them, and will forsake me, and break my covenant which I have made with them. Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day, and I will forsake them, and I will hide my face from them, and they shall be devoured, and many evils and troubles shall befall them; so that they will say in that day, Are not these evils come upon us, because our God is not among us? And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have wrought, in that they are turned unto other gods. Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel.

Revelations 15:3 And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints.

Trumpets
Leviticus 23:23,24 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall ye have a sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets, an holy convocation.

Revelations 8:2 And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.

Leviticus 16:2 And the LORD said unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark; that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat...

For complete notes, slides, audio, and video downloads see:
elshaddaiministries.us/audio/hiddentreas┬¡ures/20120716.html
-----------------------------------------------------------

Introduction to Revelations Part 2:
Torah Treasures Revealed Series
El Shaddai Ministries
July 23, 2012, Pastor Mark Biltz - Amos 3:3 Can two walk together, except they be agreed? Numbers 29:1 And in the seventh month, on the first day of the month, 

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
