 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://beeimg.com/images/v42096278351.gif
 
http://beeimg.com/images/u11810361401.jpeg

7-Data Recovery Suite 2.1 Final ML Incl Serial - SceneDL

Complete and capable data recovery software for rescuing files under almost any conditions including: accidentally deleted files; damaged or formatted hard drive; lost/deleted partition; photo or video lost from local drive, memory card, or camera; file lost from mobile phones, etc.

KEY FEATURES

Accidentally Deleted Files Recovery
Designed for the recovery of accidently deleted data and files. Using advanced scanning technology and directory restructuring algorithm, 7-Data Recovery Suite can assist you to recover deleted data and files emptied from Recycle Bin and files deleted by using SHIFT+DELETE key, etc.

Complete Recovery from Local & External Drive
The most powerful file recovery ability for recovering data from damaged or formatted hard drive or the hard drive is inaccessible for unknown reason. In other words, as long as the partition exists, you can use this data recovery module to recover data from the partition or external storage devices like memory stick, memory card and flash drive, of whatever happened to cause the data loss.

Recover Data from Lost and Deleted Partitions
Recover data from lost or deleted partitions. This is the most common data lost reason. And also, this data recovery module could help you to recover your data when hard drive crashed, MBR corrupted, disk repartitioned (fdisk) and partition be overwritten when you use data backup software to restore the disk image.

Recovery Photo, Image, Video and Audio
7-Data Recovery Suite provides an exclusive media recovery option that allows you to recover lost image, audio, and video files from hard drives, USB drives, SD cards, Camera, and other memory cards. It runs a full hard drive scan to safely recover images and media files in any event of accidental photo deletion, virus infection, or disk formatting.

Mobile Phone Recovery on Windows
Mobile phones process and store huge amount of data on daily basis. However, many times the memory card of the mobile phone gets corrupt, inaccessible leading to vital data loss. 7-Data Recovery Suite can recover deleted data/photos/videos from the inaccessible or formatted memory card of your mobile phones.

Memory Card Recovery
For memory card used by digital camera or mobile phone, 7-Data Recovery Suite can effectively recover lost, deleted, corrupted or formatted photos and video files from various memory cards types including SD Card, MicroSD, SDHC, CF (Compact Flash) Card, xD Picture Card, Memory Stick and more.

Home Page - http://7datarecovery.com/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Enter Serial
3] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL