William Parker - Centering (Unreleased Early Recordings 1976-1987) - 6 CD Box Set [2012] [V0]

Original Release / NoBusiness Records / NBCD42-47 / CD

The music on these six discs comes from roughly the first decade of William Parker’s career, one of the most intensely creative periods enjoyed by any musician of any era. It’s safe to say that much of the music will come as a revelation to even his most devoted listeners. --Ed Hazell


Mind-blowing deluxe presentation of six discs worth (!!) of previously unreleased recordings featuring master free jazz bassist William Parker, much of which was originally intended to be released as part of his private Centering imprint in the late 70s/early 80s: Parker’s first appearance on vinyl was on Frank Lowe’s torrential ESP Disk debut Black Beings and these recordings come in the wake of that, providing a great snapshot of the creative fall-out from the first wave of fire music and its subsequent evolution via the loft scene and private artist-run imprints as it retreated underground. The cast list on this incredible set is simply mind-blowing, with appearances from Charles Gayle, David S. Ware, Denis Charles, Daniel Carter, Arthur Williams, Patricia Nicholson, Ellen Christi, Rashid Bakr, Jemeel Moondoc, Roy Campbell Jr, Charles Tyler, Raphe Malik, Billy Bang and Ramsay Ameen reading like a roll-call of key sound thinkers. Particular highlights: the staggering William Parker-Charles Gayle Duo recording from El Bohio, New York, July 3rd 1987 that has a great home-recorded feel and is just relentlessly inventive, with Parker and Gayle just wailing all over each other. The Centering Dance Music Ensemble is another mind-blower, the stellar grouping of Parker with saxophonist David S. Ware, drummer Denis Charles and dancer Patricia Nicholson recorded in 1980. Charles plays rolling rhythmic tattoos that sees Ware coming back at him with a gorgeous fat echoing tone that really connects him to the post-Coltrane stream. It’s eye-wateringly beautiful. The William Parker-Daniel Carter Duo from 1980 is as punk-primitive and as satisfyingly bloodied as you could’ve hoped while there’s a fascinating early line-up of the William Parker Ensemble that features the great Arthur Williams on trumpet alongside saxophonist John Hagen. The set rounds-off with three stunning big band performances that look forward to the scale of his Little Huey conceptions, a Big Moon Ensemble performance from 1979 dedicated to Kenneth Patchen, the Centering Big Band live at Irving Plaza in 1984 and the Centering Dance Music Ensemble 1976 live at Washington Square Church. The set comes in a box that features two fold-out wallet sleeves and a stunning thick book with full commentary from Parker, amazing shots of the performers from the time, poster reproductions and even mock-up sleeves for the intended releases as well as an excellent essay by Ed Hazell. A stunning document, a true labour of love and *the* motherlode when it comes to documenting the DIY New York free jazz underground of the 70s/80s via the vision of one of its greatest voices and boosters. The archival free jazz release of the year, limited edition of 1000 numbered copies, highest possible recommendation! --Volcanic Tongue
