Screeny 3 Professional

Screeny 3 Professional is capture utility.

Screeny 3 Professional, the software for individuals, is a very powerful and flexible tool for professional desktop screenshots and videos, which you can hold everything from your screen as an image or video.

Screeny 3 is the screenshot program for professional screen shots, even from DirectX games, passing opportunities with innovative, comprehensive assessment and. Through seamless integration with MS Office, Screeny 3 Professional also fits perfectly into your office environment.

Who takes screenshots every day, the work makes it easier to Screeny 3 Professional!

Forget rigid operating concepts from other providers! Configure your user interface itself! Set yourself, what to include and what to do with it. All settings are stored in macro profiles, which you can customize to your needs. Modify the existing profiles from macro to your liking, or create new, completely personalized with your settings. You can sort your macro profiles in groups, and so the user interface Screeny 3 Adjust your wishes. All consumption-related settings are managed in this macro profiles, configurable. You can create your own macros, customize, whether shooting range, hotkey, effect settings! .... And with the different styles you can also customize the look of Screeny 3 individually to your taste

System Requirements

XP/Vista/7/8 Windows (x86)
Pentium IV, 1.2 GHz
DirectX 9 or higher
Graphics card 16 bit color depth (High Color), 64 MB RAM
50 MB of hard disk space
Internet connection (only for online update)
512 MB RAM (1 GB RAM or higher for Windows Vista / 7 and above)
Windows Media Player version 9.x

Recommended:

Pentium IV, 2.4 GHz or higher
Graphics card 16 bit color depth (high color), 256 MB RAM or higher
2 GB RAM or higher

Homepage: http://www.kaemsoft.de

Installation Instructions:

- Install program 
(it will install in German Language, will give you option to change language on first time Application run).
- Register Application with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.