Reinvention: Sewing with Rescued Materials 
by Maya Donenfeld
Wiley | May 2012 | ISBN-10: 1118077539 | PDF | 192 pages | 113 mb

28 projects seamlessly merge stitching, sustainability, and resourcefulness with simple, clean design
Advancements in technology have increased the pace of our lives. As a response, a vibrant Do It Yourself movement has risen to reclaim age old traditions that reconnect us to slower and simpler times. A sewing renaissance has been set in motion at a time in history when economic instability and an awareness of the importance of using sustainable resources is peaking.
With this in mind, award-winning blogger Maya Donenfeld offers a guide to working with her favorite recycled materials. YouΓÇÖll find linen, burlap, wool and more with details on their history, deconstruction techniques, sewing tips, and information about their environmental impact.
Reinventing everyday materials into extraordinary items of beauty and utility for the modern home and family will excite new and experienced sewers alike. To add an element of personalization, Maya draws on her experience leading print workshops to share easy methods for transforming gently-used fabric with paint and ink. Stenciling templates and thorough instructions are provided, as well as encouragement to invent your own designs. Stories, a favorite recipe, and nature activity are tucked between and around the projects to offer the reader an invitation to slow down, and create with intention.

About the Author 
http://www.freshdirtithaca.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/IMG_3815-300x200.jpg
Maya DonenfeldΓÇÖs distinct designs utilize sus-tainable resources and fibers while weaving in  elements from the natural world. She finds the 
imperfection of handmade endlessly inspiring  and seeks out simple, and often humble, materi-als to transform into useful items of beauty. She  is passionate about encouraging others to find  their unique creative voice and gain confidence  in their own capable hands. Her award-winning  website is filled with projects, inspiration, and  eco tutorials to light a fire under anyone wanting  to artfully recycle, repurpose, and reinvent.  Maya has contributed to many books, and  her work has been featured in these magazines:  Country Living,all first four issues of Green Craft  Magazine, Sew Hip, Where Women Create,  Family Circle, Artful Blogging, Food Network  Magazine,and Create With Me.  Maya lives with her husband and two children  down a country road, in an old farmhouse in the  Fingerlakes region of New York

Table of Contents
Introduction  2
CHAPTER 1:  Sewing Basics  6
CHAPTER 2:  Printing Basics  14
CHAPTER 3:  Linen  22
CHAPTER 4:  Burlap  44
CHAPTER 5:  Jersey  66
CHAPTER 6:  Wool  90
CHAPTER 7:  Denim  112
CHAPTER 8:  Mailers  138
CHAPTER 9:  V intage  154
Resources  172
Stencils and Templates  174
About the Author  184
Index  185

NOTE:
In case you have problems opening this book with Adobe Reader, then use Foxit Reader.