PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Gospel and Christian Music

Volume 07

Hillsong Chapel - 7 DVD and More


         

POtHS - Gospel and Christian Music - 07 - Hillsong Chapel - 7 DVD and More


POtHS Comment:  The Title is self explanatory
Description:

Hillsong Chapel is a newly created series of intimate and devotional arrangements of popular Hillsong songs led by the Hillsong worship team. Recorded live in the Hillsong Chapel, Yahweh, the first installment in the series, contains organic and contemplative versions of top CCLI songs including "Mighty To Save", "Hosanna", "From The Inside Out", and the title track "Yahweh". Comprised of 13 songs, Hillsong Chapel's Yahweh is perfect for smaller gatherings, personal devotional, and will help resource churches wanting more intimate worship expressions of songs from Hillsong LIVE and Hillsong UNITED.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

 
 
Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
