Foundations of IT Service Management based on ITIL® V3
The Official itSMF Handbook on ITIL®!
Foundations of IT Service Management based on ITIL has become the industry classic guide on the topic of ITIL. Over the years this authoritative itSMF guide has earned its place on the bookshelves and in the briefcases of industry experts as they implement best practices within their organizations.
This 2007 version has now been upgraded to reflect ITIL V3. Written in the same concise way and covering all the facts, readers will find that this title succinctly covers the key aspects of the ITIL V3 upgrade.
The new ITIL V3 approach covering the ITIL Lifecycle is fully covered. In addition those who are familiar with the Version 2 process approach will be delighted to discover that this new edition of Foundations of IT Service Management based on ITIL V3 has split out all the processes and describes them in detail. This means that it is easy for all readers to access and grasp the process concepts that are so pivotal to many service management day-to-day operations. 
This title covers the following
PART 1 THE ITIL SERVICE LIFECYCLE 
Lifecycle phase Service strategy 
Lifecycle phase Service design 
Lifecycle phase Service transition 
Lifecycle phase Service operation 
Lifecycle phase Continual service improvement 
PART 2 FUNCTIONS AND PROCESSES
Introduction to Functions and Processes
Functions and Processes in Service Strategy
Functions and Processes in Service Design
Functions and Processes in Service Transition
Functions and Processes in Service Operation
Functions and Processes in Continual Service Improvement
….and much more!
Comments on previous editions of this title include
“… no single book have I recommended more highly than this. It consolidates the focus and understanding of the core ITIL books … in an easy to read and efficient manner. No fuss - no fluff. Without exception it's the one book reference to IT Service Management“
“… if you're looking for the best introductory ITIL book on the market, this is absolutely it.”
“… in my opinion (this book) should be read by all IT professionals.”
“… this book is among the best I've read this year, and (it is) certainly among the most important books published this year for IT operations and infrastructure professionals.“

Van Haren Publishing; September 2007
373 pages; ISBN 9789087531782