This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2011.


Flash Cadillac - Sons Of The Beaches (1975)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51B3XWSEYVL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mary Grady):

In the late '60s, Flash Cadillac and the Continental Kids hit the club scene and shook up the psychedelic status quo with a dose of old-style rock & roll. Clad in black leather jackets and with their hair greased back in ducktails, they performed punchy '50s rock classics at a time when ten-minute guitar solos were de rigueur.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/flash-cadillac-p17562/biography

All Music Album Review (by James A. Gardner):

For their third album, Flash Cadillac masterfully recreates the breezy California pop of the mid-'60s. Beach Boys comparisons are inevitable, especially given that they open the album with an expert cover of "Summer Means Fun," originally recorded by Bruce Johnston, a Beach Boy himself, and sometime Beach Boy producer Terry Melcher. They also manage two satisfying Beach Boys homages with the original (Kris Moe) compositions that follow it, "Time Will Tell" and "It's a Summer Night." "It's a Summer Night" may be the pinnacle of Flash Cadillac's recording career, with outstanding vocal and instrumental work by the group set against flawless '60s production values. Two tracks by Hondell Richard Burns -- the oldie "Come On, Let's Go" and a new song, "Good Times, Rock & Roll" -- fit into the program nicely. Another Moe original, "I Wish You'd Dance," brings some sparkle to the album's second side, but "It's Hard (To Break the Ice)" is bland, and the closing "Rock and Roll Menace" is pointless and dull. With a few more top-quality tunes, this album could have been a 10. As it is, Sons of the Beaches is a refreshing, well-executed evocation of a golden age of pop songwriting and record making.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/sons-of-the-beaches-r37699/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00004U16R

Track List:

01. Did You Boogie (With Your Baby)
02. Summer Means Fun
03. Time Will Tell
04. Hot Summer Girls
05. It's A Summer Night
06. Come On Let's Go
07. Good Times, Rock & Roll
08. You Sat Right There
09. I Wish You'd Dance
10. It's Hard (To Break The Ice)
11. Rock 'n' Roll Menace
12. See My Baby Jive
13. Brown Water (Apocalypse Blues)
14. Did You Boogie (With Your Baby) (Promo Only Release)

