Cheek Freaks #8

Butts, rump or fannies whatever you call them these bottoms are made to be fucked by thick rods.

Scene 1. Mayara Shelson, Jazz Duro
Scene 2. Nikki Jayne, Jazz Duro
Scene 3. Nikki Rio, Loupan
Scene 4. Pamela Butt, Jazz Duro

Length 2 hrs. 17 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Sep 30 2009
Production Year 2009
Studio Buttman Magazine Choice

REVIEW-

Jazz Duro loves asses and enjoys bringing them to us. In this flick he has some hot Brazilian babes and one very hot Vivid Girl. Nikki Jayne did some great work before her contract and Jazz gets to enjoy her. She is the best reason to have this DVD, but not the only one. Mayara is gorgeous and ready for anything. She gets fucked good and hard here, putting on a great show. Nikki Rio and Pamela Butt are wonderfully gifted women. Both bring incredible asses to the table. These women are great, but Nikki Jayne is the true superstar here. She looks gorgeous and is perfectly submissive and filthy. She has done some great scenes so far in her career, but this has to be among the best. It features some of the best anal action Nikki has ever given us. There are plenty of reasons to love this DVD, but if you just want one must-see scene, Nikki Jayne provides it. From start to finish though, this is an ass-loving, anal feast to be savored.
Mayara Shelson
Jazz is totally impressed by Mayara’s ass and can’t wait to share her with all of us. It looks pretty damn good in her cut off shorts as she struts around the hotel room. Her shorts come off and the thong is buried between her big perfect cheeks. There is a big toy on the table that Mayara squats on, fucking herself while still showing off her fantastic ass. Breaking out a second toy she stuffs both holes at once, showing a willingness to be naughty that matches her incredible form. Jazz waits his turn and then feeds her his cock, letting her gag on it, slobber and then regroup enough to go for some messy throat fucking. Moving around behind her, he slips his cock into her ass, fucking those sweet cheeks deep and hard. The ass shots remain strong as she squats over him and fucks. She likes getting fucked hard and Jazz certainly enjoys what he’s up to here. Mayara takes his load all over her face and tits, even licking up the rest of the cream from the glass tabletop. This girl has a great ass for sure, but is a whole lot more than just a hot set of cheeks.
Nikki Jayne & Jazz Duro
Before Vivid wisely snatched up Nikki, she did just a couple of scenes and showed off her talents nicely. Jazz has her on a toilet with a glass dildo in her ass when he walks in. He bends her over and admires her ass, fingering and licking as she pulls her panties down her knees. Nikki swallows his cock right off the bat, panting as it hits her throat. Nikki is stunning to look at and such a hot, dirty slut that anyone is going to fall in love with her. There is quite a bit of slapping and choking in this scene and he tries to mother her with his balls while she rubs her clit to get off. Jazz bends her over and fucks her up the ass as she continues to finger her hot slit. The anal action here is perfectly shot and totally intense. Nikki ends up with a mouth full of cum that she lets drip down her body. Watching this scene it is easy to see why she is such a sought after babe.
Nikki Rio & Jazz Duro
Another Nikki follows the incredible Ms. Jayne. Tough to top that one, but her tease is promising. She’s got a tight body with a great ass. She breaks out a toy and immediately puts it between her cheeks. It slides easily into her asshole and she looks quite pleased as she takes it right to her lips for a little A2M. Jazz helps her out with some anal beads and then rams his dick into her butthole. She loves it when he chokes her and they go full throttle from the start. In RCA we get to see that Nikki has quite a clit hanging down there. With the fake boobs and heavy make up, she almost looks like she might not always have been a chick. Using the toy to help, he gives her double anal and she seems ready to take even more. This is down and dirty anal action with some great ass shots and even better hard penetration angles for Nikki’s asshole.
Pamela Butt
Pamela has a slightly bigger butt than the last two girls, but it is wonderfully shaped and matches her huge tits. She starts out on her knees with a cock stuck to the wall. Pamela plays to the camera and gives it a nice sloppy blowjob. The big toy fills up her pussy, but she wants the real thing. Jazz has her bent over for some great butt shots as he penetrates her tight hole. Pamela holds her cheeks open and takes every inch he’s got. As she climbs on top and grinds her hips, and bounces that big ass. Turning around, she uses her big tits around his cock, stroking it and sucking when it pops up. He goes right back to her ass though, banging it hard and stretching her hole. Her tits get the final action though as Jazz reaches back to finger Pamela’s pussy and she jerks him off with her boobs and tits. Hot finish to a very solid scene.