



Soup of the Day: 365 Recipes for Every Day of the Year 

Publisher: Weldon Owen
Kate McMillan, Erin Kunkel
2012  
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1616281677
ISBN-13: 978-1616281670
304 Pages
PDF 
26.2 MB

A colorful, calendar-style cookbook, Soup presents 365 recipes—and daily culinary inspiration— for soups and stews to match any season, occasion, or mood. Lavish photographs and a colorful graphic design add visual appeal to these fresh and fabulous recipes celebrating a favorite dish.

ENDLESSLY VERSATILE, soup is perfect for any season and every occasion. What better way to capture the essence of spring than by simmering freshly shelled peas and fava beans in a fragrant broth accented by bracing mint and refreshing lemon zest? In summer, a cool gazpacho made by whirling perfectly ripe tomatoes, juicy cucumbers, and vibrant red peppers is fitting for a hot and humid day—no pot necessary! When the air turns brisk, soup nourishes and satisfies like no other dish. In autumn, white beans mingle with sturdy greens in satisfying, peasant-style pots, and starchy squashes and root vegetables blend into silky purées. Winter brings even more soul-warming fare, such as chilis and stews featuring sausages and other hearty meats and thick vegetable soups scented with woodsy herbs. 


 Williams-Sonoma Soup of the Day offers a tantalizing collection of 365 soup recipes: one for each day of the year. Colorful calendars at the beginning of each chapter offer an at-a-glance view of the dishes best suited for the ingredients, occasions, and typical weather of the month. From January to December, you’ll find a seasonal soup that will satisfy any craving, and match any meal ranging from a quick weeknight supper to an elegant dinner party. A handful of the recipes are even appropriate for the holiday table, while others are perfect for using up a leftover roast or chicken. Notes accompanying each recipe offer ideas for ingredient variations, garnishes, and other helpful tips. All of the soups can be dressed up or dressed down; served in rustic earthenware mugs or on heirloom china; garnished with a flourish of fried herbs or dollop of pesto, or stripped down to the bare, tasty essentials—the possibilities are endless, but always delicious.


 Full-color photographs enhance many of the recipes inside to help guide your cooking. You can start your soup-making journey at any time—just open this book, check the calendar, and you’ll be inspired to create a new soup du jour every day of the year.


 Sample recipes:


 January

 Chicken Chili with Piquillo Peppers

 Tuscan Farro Soup

 Barley and Leek Soup with Chicken Meatballs


 February

 Creamy Cauliflower Soup with Crispy Prosciutto

 Black Bean Soup with Meyer Lemon Crème Fraîche

 Winter Greens Soup with Shiitakes & Poached Eggs


 March

 White Bean Soup with Sage & Olive Oil

 Broccoli-Leek Soup

 Fava Bean & Farfalle Soup


 April

 Artichoke & Quinoa Soup with Green Garlic

 Sorrel Soup with Torn Croutons

 Carrot & Coconut Soup with Curried Almonds


 May

 Egg-Lemon Soup with Fava Beans

 Leek & Asparagus Vichyssoise

 Weeknight Ginger Chicken Soup


 June

 Cool Honeydew-Melon Soup

 Vietnamese Chicken Meatballs in Broth

 Golden Beet Soup with Dilled Goat Cheese


 July

 Chilled Cucumber-Yogurt Soup with Lemon & Mint

 Spicy Corn Soup

 Gazpacho


 August

 Watermelon Gazpacho

 Charred Eggplant Soup with Cumin & Greek Yogurt

 Smoky Red Pepper Soup


 September

 Corn & Lobster Chowder

 Fennel-Leek Soup with Zucchini Carpaccio

 Turkey–White Bean Chili


 October

 Acorn Squash Soup with Toasted Walnut Butter

 Celery Root Soup with Caramelized Apples

 Cannelini Bean, Broccolini & Bratwurst Soup


 November

 Red Cabbage & Apple Soup

 Chicken-Tomatillo Soup with Chipotle Chiles

 Smoked Fish Chowder


 December

 Cream of Sundried Tomato Soup with Crab

 Short Rib Chili with Smoked Paprika Crème Fraîche

 Sweet Potato Soup with Cheddar Cheese

