The Forever Series (1-3) by Ashley Wilcox in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Planning on Forever (The Forever Series #1) by Ashley Wilcox (November 21st 2012)

Collin and Alexa are the perfect couple; gorgeous, popular and hopelessly in love. With graduation day nearing and college life on the horizon, Collin flirts with infidelity and loses everything he has with Alexa.

Brokenhearted and single, Alexa meets sexy Nolan Pratt. She can’t deny the attraction and pull that he has over her.

Not being able to accept the fact that he has lost Alexa forever, Collin focuses all his attention on his second love, football, in an attempt to move on.

Will Collin be able to win Alexa’s heart back or will he find that his first love isn’t the love of his life?

Book 2: Waiting on Forever (The Forever Series #2) by Ashley Wilcox (April 8th 2013)

(Spin-off of Planning on Forever)

College.

Parties, sororities and getting drunk.

Oh, yeah. And learning. 

This may be true for most college students, but not for Leah Bennett. College life for her includes studying, working, and excelling in school. When it comes to the social ladder, Leah is at the bottom. Popular girls, hot guys and star athletes are of no importance to her, except for one.

Matthew Jacobs.

Matt is the starting wide receiver at SUNY Cortland, the most wanted guy on campus and Leah’s best friend. Although Leah’s feelings toward Matt run deeper than just a friendship, it is something she would never let be seen because the odds of someone like Matthew Jacobs going for someone like Leah Bennett are slim to none. 

When Matt starts showing an interest in Leah that goes beyond friendship, she is dumbfounded and doesn’t believe it is possible – until one weekend that changes everything.

Will Matt and Leah’s popularity status get in the way of having a chance at a real relationship?

Or does status mean nothing when it comes to true love?

Book 3: Promising Forever (The Forever Series #3) by Ashley Wilcox (May 1st 2013)

** Promising Forever is a continuation of The Forever Series. It is recommended that you read Planning on Forever and Waiting on Forever prior to this novella. **

After an emotional break-up with his high school sweetheart, Collin doubted he would ever find love again. 

Until he met Summer.

What started out as just a friendship, blossomed into something so much more. 

Love.

Just when plans were slowly starting to take shape in their relationship, Summer’s father became terminally ill, forcing Collin to make a life altering decision. His answer was to marry her before it was too late and give Summer a dream wedding with her father by her side.

Follow the reunion of friends, the planning, and everything in between, leading up to the day.

The wedding of Collin and Summer.


Seed and Enjoy!