Wipe PRO v2013.51
  

Purpose
The internet is not safe: hackers are always trying to steal your passwords, browsers use cookie-files to keep track of your habits, Windows collects thousands garbage files... Which is why users need protection against everything these. Software to protect privacy has been developed to keep user's personal information safe while they browse the internet. By using such software can securely delete personal internet tracks, junk files or any other sensitive data. 

Software "WIPE" is a powerful security tool that allows you to protect your privacy by clearing browser history and cache, index.dat files, cookie-files, autocomplete-history, temporary internet files and many many other items. This program also erases any other tracks that you leave behind after having used your pc. 

Content preview
After the application starts you will see a screen listing all programs that may contain personal data you do not want to show to anyone. You can double click on any item in the list to see the number of files stored by the program and the amount of space, e.g. view cookie-files, index.dat files etc. 

You can customize what you want to delete before cleaning. Upon clicking button "Delete!", WIPE shows friendly screen displaying the icon of the program which is in process of cleaning, shows which specific file is being deleted and total number of files and amount of space which was deleted. 

WIPE supports all programs
WIPE removes all traces of your online and offline activities in Windows XP / Vista / 7 and 8. In the most popular browsers ( Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Opera ) and in many of your other programs, which is daily used. WIPE comes with free updates and regularly features new versions which enabling it to recognize and delete tracks in any newly released software. 

No file recovery!
WIPE includes US DoD 5220.22-M method, Gutmann method ( full 39 steps ) and Russian GOST method to completely erase your personal and private data, making deleted 
tracks unrecoverable.

INSTALL
COPY CRACK DIR 
ENJOY