This is also the most expansive city management game yet where you can control a region that delivers true multi-city scale and play a single city or up to 16 cities at once each with different specializations. Multiplayer is also a first for the series, which adds a new dimension to your game as your decisions impact both your city and your region and creates new ways to play by collaborating or competing to earn achievements. Finally, SimCity is a live service that simulates real time updates from new challenges to new features and content.

Depth of Simulation

With the new GlassBox engine everything you see is simulated — from city-wide systems all the way down to the individual Sims in your city. Quickly view the consequences of your actions and dig in to see how the systems work. See the impact of your decisions by clicking on individual Sims to learn about what they’re doing, their wealth and happiness. Manipulate power, water, taxes, pollution, education, unemployment, and much more! New data visualization tools add incredible depth that is quickly accessible to the player — click on the power layer for an instant snapshot of how electricity is distributed throughout your city. Or customize your fire station by adding a dispatch tower to respond to fires and emergencies more quickly.

SimCity DRMLESS CRACKED-VULPESZEDRA
SIZE: 2.04 GB

——————————-

INSTALL NOTES UPDATED VERSION 1.5

1.Unpack this release
2.Create a folder onto your desktop and name it "SIMCITY". Without the "".
3.Delete stunnel folder and stop.exe file.
5.Go into the "extra" folder and install the "Electronic Arts, Inc CA" certificate. 6.Make sure you put it into the "Trusted Root Certification Authorities" Store.
7.Copy the "Host" file and paste it into
C:/Windows/System32/drivers/etc. 
8..Back to the "Extra" folder. Install the Origin Setup.
9..MAKE SURE PORTS 80,443 AND 8001 ARE OPEN! If you are unsure on how to open ports then google it. 
10.Click on "Start" in your "SimCity" Folder and run the server.
11.Click on My Games, select SimCity and click on Download. Once it downloads your good to go!

NOTE!!!!

If you already have origin installed and you use it for games you have already purchased make a copy of your "Hosts" file before you copy the one from the NO DRM RELEASE over! Use the legit one when you want to play your games and then use the NO DRM RElEASE one when you want to play SIMCITY! 

Further notes I have gathered from my previous torrent from user experiences:
-Make sure your Simcity Folder is Not Read Only!(unchecking the read-only box)
-Restart Origin. 
-Run as Administrator 
-PBM.EXE (Pando Media Booster) does interfere with the server. If you are having Problem after problem, check to If PBM.EXE is running in task manager and if so, end it.


This is a beta release of the SimCity DRMLESS Release
Please report bugs to vulpes.zedra@gmail.com	