


 
http://oronreseller.us/img-51994cf9ec0ad.html 
 
http://oronreseller.us/img-51994cfa619c3.html 



Size: 2398669977 bytes (2.23 GiB), 
duration: 02:58:12, avg.bitrate: 1795 kb/s
Audio: aac, 48000 Hz, stereo (eng)
Video: h264, yuv420p, 720x404, 29.97 fps(r) (und)


Slutty Girls Love Rocco 5 XXX DVDRiP

 Slutty Girls Love Rocco # 5 porn 'In the first scene, Mia looks like a top model. Slutty Girls Love Rocco # 5 DVD video Michelle, absolutely stunning body. I had the most fun in a long time. Both girls were really pretty and intense. And what about Mia's hairy pussy? It is so rare. ' -Rocco SiffrediMost women find international porn superstar Rocco Siffredi to be a total dreamboat, but he's particularly irresistible to cock-crazed cuties that harbor an extra-high sex drive. In 'Slutty Girls Love Rocco 5,' the legendary Italian fuck machine and his well-hung pals encounter a bevy of lovely girls who'll never say no to a hard cock. First, the director throws a private party with slender, fishnet-clad models Mia and Michelle; he eats their assholes and stuffs their luscious butts with his massive throbber. The wild, shameless chicks slurp his thick shaft ass-to-mouth and eagerly taste Rocco's sperm. Slinky slut Mea Malone gets a special gift from Rocco in the form of a blindfolded Kid Jamaica. She rides his giant black dick anally in a nasty interracial romp that earns her a hot cum facial!Megan and Mary are two sexy young ladies who flirt with Rocco out by the docks. He brings the sluts to meet bald stud Omar Galanti and Goth 'devil girl' Aspid, who's tied to a bed. Aspid gets worked by the horny tourists in a filthy foursome. Blonde booty ho' Lucy Heart and auburn-haired babe Lien share Ian Scott's huge boner, taking a thorough ass banging with a messy facial finish. There's also some extra POV footage, including a sensuous blow job by Aspid and her crazy forked tongue....See Full Description 

Type: Full Length Movie
Starring: Rocco Siffredi, Kid Jamaica, Ian Scott, Omar Galanti, Mea Melone
Content: Anal, Big Tits, Blonde, Cumshot, Hardcore, Interracial, Oral, Nylons, Pantyhose, Stockings, Threesome