The Rolling Stones - Emotional Rescue [1980]2009]





01 Dance (Part 1)
02 Summer Romance
03 Send It To Me
04 Let Me Go
05 Indian Girl
06 Where The Boys Go
07 Down In The Hole
08 Emotional Rescue
09 She's So Cold
10 All About You





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:



The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The first settled line-up consisted of Brian Jones on guitar and harmonica, Ian Stewart on piano, Mick Jagger on lead vocals, harmonica and maracas, Keith Richards on guitar and vocals, Bill Wyman on bass and Charlie Watts on drums. Since Wyman's retirement in 1993, the band's full members have been Jagger, Richards, Watts and guitarist Ronnie Wood who joined in 1975, replacing Mick Taylor (who followed Jones). Jones founded and led the band, but Jagger and Richards assumed leadership after becoming the band's primary songwriters, as Jones' physical and mental troubles gradually incapacitated him prior to his drowning death in 1969. Longtime regular bassist Darryl Jones and keyboardist Chuck Leavell are not full band members. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted the Rolling Stones in 1989, noting that "critical acclaim and popular consensus has accorded them the title of the ΓÇ£WorldΓÇÖs Greatest Rock and Roll Band.ΓÇ¥ Rolling Stone magazine ranked them 4th on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list, and their album sales are estimated to have been more than 200 million worldwide.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Emotional Rescue is the 15th British and 17th American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in 1980. Upon release, it topped the charts in both the US and UK.

Recorded throughout 1979, first in Nassau, Bahamas (Compass Point), then Paris (Pathe Marconi), with some end-of-year overdubbing in New York City, Emotional Rescue was the first Rolling Stones album recorded following Keith Richards' exoneration from a Toronto drugs charge that could have landed him in jail for years. Fresh from the revitalization of Some Girls, Richards and Mick Jagger led the Stones through dozens of new songs, some of which were held over for Tattoo You, picking only ten for Emotional Rescue.

While several of the tracks featured just the core band of Jagger, Richards, Ronnie Wood, Charlie Watts, and Bill Wyman, keyboardists Nicky Hopkins and co-founder Ian Stewart, sax player Bobby Keys and harmonica player Sugar Blue joined the Rolling Stones on Emotional Rescue.

The song "Claudine" was rumored to be a part of the original album, but didn't make the cut most likely due to the fear of litigation and controversy. The lyrics dealt with the light sentence (30 days in jail) singer-actress Claudine Longet received after she killed her live-in boyfriend, Olympian ski racer Vladimir "Spider" Sabich, in their Aspen, Colorado home. The song was eventually released as part of the deluxe version of Some Girls in 2011. Some other songs left off the album would find their way onto the next album, Tattoo You ("Black Limousine", "Start Me Up", "Hang Fire", "Little T&A", and "No Use in Crying"). "Think I'm Going Mad", another song from the sessions, was released as the B-side to "She Was Hot" in 1984. Two cover songs were sung by Richards: "We Had It All", now released on the 2011 deluxe Some Girls package, and "Let's Go Steady", still only available on bootlegs.

Other songs recorded in these sessions but never released are "Going Mad" "I Can See It" "Rotten Roll" "Fiji Jim" "Misty Roads" "I Like it Too Much" "Need a Yellow Cab" and "Nanker Phelge". These songs can be found on some vinyl bootleg albums of that era.

