Tough Enough
Only two contestants were actually cut from the competition; the others eliminated voluntarily exited. Of the final five contestants, four would eventually join the WWE. Nidia was released from WWE on November 3, 2004, while Maven was released on July 5, 2005.

Though they both survived the initial cut from 230 contestants down to 25, eventual season two winner Jackie Gayda and former TNA Women's Knockout Champion ODB (Jessica Kresa) were not selected among the final 13 contestants who appeared in season one. Current WWE ring announcer Justin Roberts sent in an audition tape, which aired in a season one teaser on the January 25, 2001 edition of SmackDown!.

The first season of Tough Enough was released on DVD in 2002, as was the soundtrack.
Trainers

    Al Snow
    Jacqueline
    Tori
    Tazz

Contestants

    Bobbie Jo Anderson
    Chris Nifong
    Christopher Nowinski (later joined the Raw brand, but retired after suffering a severe concussion)
    Darryl Cross
    Greg Whitmoyer (went to join various other promotions)
    Jason Dayberry
    Josh Lomberger (aka Josh Mathews later joined the SmackDown! brand as an announcer, currently a commentator on WWE SmackDown)
    Maven Huffman (winner)
    Nidia Guenard (winner)
    Paulina Thomas
    Shadrick McGee
    Taylor Matheny
    Victoria Tabor

Tough Enough 2

 The announcement of the winners offended members of the male finalists, who claimed that this was not what was promised when they signed forms to compete on Tough Enough, citing that the forms claimed there would be one male winner and one female winner. Eventually, Linda was released on November 12, 2004 and Jackie was released on July 5, 2005. Gayda would later marry wrestler Charlie Haas.

Former WWE wrestler, Shad Gaspard, former member of the tag team Cryme Tyme, was chosen to be one of the final 13 contestants on the show but, according to the show, failed a physical (reportedly, he actually failed a drug test); he was subsequently replaced by Danny. Eventual season 3 winner John Hennigan (who went on to compete for the WWE as John Morrison) auditioned and survived the first cut down to 25 contestants, but, despite displaying well-tuned athletic ability, Hennigan's arrogance irritated the judges. It would be another year before Hennigan would make the show. There were several other well known faces in the crowd who didn't make the cut, but, eventually made a name for themselves in the business, including model and former WWE Diva & TNA Knockout Shelly Martinez (known as Ariel in the WWE & as Salinas in TNA), former TNA Knockout and former WWE Diva Kia Stevens (formerly known as Awesome Kong; now known as Kharma), former fitness model and WWE & TNA valet/wrestler Kim Neilson (who was known by her real name in WWE & as Desire in TNA, and who competed on season 13 of the hit NBC show The Biggest Loser) and current TNA superstar Gunner.
Trainers

    Al Snow
    Hardcore Holly
    Chavo Guerrero
    Ivory

Contestants

    Aaron
    Alicia
    Anni
    Danny
    Hawk
    Jackie (winner; competed as Miss Jackie and was manager/valet for the tag team of Charlie Haas, who is now her husband, and Rico)
    Jake
    Jessie
    Kenny (would later go on to wrestle for TNA and Ring of Honor as Kenny King)
    Linda (winner; competed as Shaniqua, the dominatrix/valet of Doug & Danny Basham)
    Matt (would later go on to wrestle for WWE and is currently in TNA)
    Peter
    Robert


Tough Enough III

Hennigan, who wrestled for two years under the name Johnny Nitro before changing it to John Morrison, is the most successful Tough Enough winner being a former ECW Champion, a three-time Intercontinental Champion, and he has held both the WWE World Tag Team Championship and the WWE Tag Team Championship. Cappotelli was developing his talent further in WWE development territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW), but was diagnosed with a brain tumor in December 2005, forcing him to step away from wrestling and relinquish his OVW Championship. The tumor was removed in 2007, although it is unknown whether Cappotelli will return to professional wrestling.

WWE Diva, Melina, tried out for Tough Enough III and made it to the final 25, but was cut from the competition.[5] During the tryouts, however, she met John Hennigan, and they eventually began a romantic relationship. She eventually received a WWE contract and worked for the company but was released on August 5, 2011. She worked as Melina on the Raw brand and became the first Tough Enough contestant to win the WWE Women's Championship, a title she has held three times making her the most successful female Tough Enough contestant to enter WWE. Both Shawn Daivari and Daniel Puder are seen on film during audition episode. Both made it to the final 75, but were cut before they could make it to the training facility. Both men later went on as performers for WWE.
Trainers

    Al Snow
    Bill DeMott
    Ivory

Contestants

    Eric
    Jamie
    Jill
    John (winner)
    Jonah
    Nick
    Justin
    Kelly
    Lisa
    Matt (winner)
    Chad
    Rebekah
    Scott

