I've had a couple of TPB users ask for this old series, which is mainly thought of as a simple reprint series. (Marvel Tales, for example, reprinted The Amazing Spider-Man.) However, longtime Uncanny X-Men writer Chris Claremont and several different artists actually added pages here and there to the original stories, and conceived back-up features (usually solo stories) that fleshed out the original series.

Art Adams drew new front covers for most of the first 23 issues, and Steve Lightle drew most of them for #30-45. Claremont and artist John Bolton created back-up stories for about 35 of the issues.

NOTE: This isn't the complete series. With #46 in 1990, the title became X-Men Classic and it shifted to the "Marvel Tales style" of only reprinting the original comics. This was due to falling sales, although I think it's relevant that the writer's other series (Uncanny X-Men and Excalibur) shipped 15 times each in 1990.

Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

From Wikipedia:

Classic X-Men, later retitled as X-Men Classic, is the Marvel Comics comic book series within the X-Men franchise that reprints classic X-Men stories. The first issue was a partial reprint of Giant-Size X-Men #1 of the All-New All-Different X-Men era (originally published in 1975), and the other issues reprinted Uncanny X-Men #94-206, with the exceptions of #106, #110, and the "Days of Future Past" story from issues #141 and #142. Classic X-Men initially printed additional back-up stories further delving into and explaining the original stories. The series lasted 110 issues.

Created by writer Chris Claremont, the series was launched in 1986, reprinting classic stories from Claremont's run on the X-Men. The first 27 issues have various edits and new pages added to tie in with then-current continuity. The new material is often easy to identify since the artwork is drawn by artists other than those who drew the original artwork in the 1970s. The first 44 issues have new backup stories, mostly written by Chris Claremont or Ann Nocenti and drawn by John Bolton. After Classic X-Men #45, the series was retitled X-Men Classic and from then solely reprinted material from the original Uncanny X-Men series with no edits or additional new material.

The series also included new covers and frontispieces produced by artists such as Art Adams (issues #1-16, 18-23), Steve Lightle (#30-42, 44-52), and Mike Mignola (#57-70).