 http://themeforest.net/item/atom-a-design-studio-full-resposive-wordpress/2231331

Finally – 3.5 version is live!

We’re glad to provide a awesome update to this theme! Now all the buyers can download the new 3.5 version that provides a lot of new resources, were 18 updates that fix bugs and add new features. We added these new functions to ATOM 3 .5, we hope you enjoy it.

    1 – Feature: Safe use of default jQuery
    2 – Bug: Portfolio breaks and go to one line
    3 – Feature: New Admin Panel with new skin
    4 – Feature: Layout Builder
    5 – Bug: Sidebar don’t fill all content
    6 – Feature: WP 3 .4+ Ready
    7 – Bug: Checkbox and Radio with default now works
    8 – Bug: Hover cover working on iPhone & Safari
    9 – Bug: Portfolio Resize and Sidebar issues
    10 – Feature: Responsive Videos
    11 – Bug: Contact page breaks without Button
    12 – Feature: Add Google+ and LinkedIn icons
    13 – Bug: Section Title don’t works inside Project Single
    14 – Feature: Improved Sub Navigation with new style
    15 – Feature: Now you can upload a custom favicon using Admin Panel
    16 – Feature: Title Tag is better now
    17 – Feature: Now you can use sidebar at Right or Left side
    18 – Feature: Slider with Title and Text with link

So download now to enjoy the new features and fix the bugs ;D
We’re glad to show for everybody our new theme – ATOM . A really full-responsive and kick-ass theme. You can do everything you want with ATOM , some examples:

    Personal/Professional Blog
    Portfolio
    A Design Studio
    A Conversion Bussiness, using our Get a Quote / Order Now System 2.0 Version
    A SkateBoard, Restaurant, what you need! The theme fits your necessities!

ATOM is highly customizable, we already provide 4 kick-ass schemes but you can change the colors and the background pattern to create your own scheme!

Give a look to our demo and see what about I’m talking!
Features

    4 Default Schemes
    Magnific Code, made with love!
    Awesome Support
    Supports the latest WordPress version 3.3.2
    +50 Shortcodes, including: Pricing Tables, Order Now System, Social Buttons, PrettyPhoto and much more.
    Admin Panel with ColorPicker and Image Uploader
    Contact Form
    Shortcode Generator
    Infinite Portfolios and Projects
    Built-in Widgets to Flickr, Twitter, Social Icons, Search, and more!
    Sidebar at Left or Right side
    And much more!
