
FUNKY SMUGGLERS COMBINES AWESOME 70S ATMOSPHERE WITH MASSIVE MULTIPLAYER EVENTS FOR ENDLESS ARCADE FUN!

Some of the things smugglers try to get through the airport are incredible. There's a spider in grandma's suitcase?! A racketeer is hiding a plunger?! Holy smoke! Luckily, you have an X-Ray scanner to check their clothes and luggage for wacky contraband. Enjoy a funky 70s-style soundtrack while keeping the airport safe from hammers, scissors, and other illegal goods in a game full of groovy arcade craziness.

Join huge Team Battles where you fight for high scores! Dive into challenging randomized missions! Use multi-touch or a one-finger slide to pick up multiple items and chain together combos! Boost your X-ray!
Earn in-game cash to spend on customization, new contraband, new smugglers and exciting upgrades!

Funky Smugglers features:
- An X-ray scanner that allows you to see what the smugglers donΓÇÖt want you to see
- Test your arcade skills in massive Team Battles and challenging single player missions
- The spirit of 70s brought with funky music tracks
- Boosts to power up your X-ray scanner
- Ranks based on your overall progress
- Outsmart shifty smugglers by grabbing the contraband ΓÇô pick many items with one swipe or multitouch to make uber-multiple combos in finger-twisting arcade-style gameplay
- Quality design from award-winning developer
- Visuals optimized for most powerful Android devices

What's in this version:
1.06-07 - Minor downloader corrections.
1.05 - Beatsaudio integration and forth tutorial
1.03 - Android Recent Apps fix & some minor fixes
1.02 - Special gift for Anomaly Warzone Earth HD players!
25 000 free coins! Tip: you need to have Anomaly installed to redeem the coins.
Known issue:
"Invalid package file" - if you see this error please restart your device or try again after a while.

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.elevenbitstudios.FunkySmugglers


Instructions:

1.Copy 'com.elevenbitstudios.FunkySmugglers' folder to 'sdcard/Android/obb'
2.Install APK
3.Launch the game
