
+14
 
0
Shiva Trilogy All Three Books
seeders: 2leechers: 0
DOWNLOAD TORRENT
Added on Mar 21, 2013 by  mad.madhav3137 in Books &gt; Ebooks	
Downloaded 29 times.
MAIN
 
TECHNICAL
 
COMMENTS 7
add torrent to bookmarks add torrent to your personal rss feed
Shiva Trilogy All Three Books (Size: 9.14 MB)
 		03 The Oath of The Vayuputras -Amish Tripathi.pdf	2.97 MB
 		02 The Secret of the Nagas - Amish Tripathi.pdf	2.36 MB
 		01 Immortals of Meluha - Amish Tripathi.pdf	2.36 MB
 		03 The Oath of The Vayuputras -Amish Tripathi.epub	591.46 KB
 		01 Immortals of Meluha - Amish Tripathi.epub	420.13 KB
 		02 The Secret of the Nagas - Amish Tripathi.epub	415.17 KB
 		shivatrilogy.jpg	53.26 KB
Description


About The Book

Title :Shiva Trilogy By Amish Tripathy


Books: 1. The Immortals of Meluha
2. The Secret of the Nagas
3.The Oath of the Vayuputras

Format : PDF and EPUB

Shiva Trilogy is a mythological novel clubbed with fiction that portrays one of the mightiest gods of Indian mythology – The Shiva, Mahadev – as a mortal human being. The foundation is strong that relates to everybody and also sends out a message. The book is based on the belief that perhaps the actions, the deeds and karma are the only deciding factors in transforming an ordinary man to Mahadev - God of Gods.

Not only Shiva, but the book portrays other related gods & goddess like Parvati, Ganesh, Parshuram as mortals who because of their deeds rose to the stature of gods. In the book Shiva is a Nomad from Mount Kailash, Tibet who travels to the Suryavanshi land of the Meluha. Soon he is named as Neelkanth, after a particular incident, and leads the Meluhan’s in their fight against the Chandravanshi. It is an insight into a man realizing his Karma and fate. Dealing with his demons and rising up to his name of Mahadev. Second part deals with the curses of caste, abnormalities & the secret of the Nagas. It highlights the dark side of human society.

The Specifics

The names – Shiva, Parvati, Ganesh and Kali – are used in original which makes whole story very believable & easy to relate to. A typical portrait of Shiva, snake wound around his blue neck, with his white bull Nandi and his wife Parvati will hold more meaning and mystery to you after reading this book. There is a logical explanation of almost every aspect of the so-called Lord Shiva, his Trishul included. There are fascinating interpretations of the caste system, various philosophies such as the nature of reality, good and evil, amongst others. Everything is created as real, which gives a cutting edge to the story. Everything related to Shiva like Snake, Neelkanth, Somras, Nandi, Marijuana, Dance and other things has been beautifully embedded in the story to keep one involved.

As the story unfolds, you are bound to think of the hidden message it conveys – the importance of actions and deeds, good and evil perceptions of the world, illogical practices like caste system & true love. The book also depicts the love story of Shiva & Parvati with an unusual effect on its readers. The action sequences too have been narrated beautifully. The foundation, love and action, people and places, truth and myths, everything has been written to transpose the reader to the world of real Shiva. Overall, the author has paid much heed to the specifics involving lord Shiva.

About the Author

Amish Tripathi, alumnus if IIM, Calcutta, is an Indian author. He worked for 14years in the financial services industry. In February 2010, he published his first novel titled “The Immortals of Meluha” which broke into the top seller charts within a week of its launch. Amish intelligently tweak and warp the cast of familiar characters, and paint a fantastical version of Shiva's life that is credible. Amish have incorporated a range of emotions and themes into the book which absorb and grasp the reader’s interest. The fact that he has merged actual mythological facts with his imagination of the story makes the book that much more engaging. Amish narrate the story in such a way that you can feel the aura of the characters, their emotions come alive. The plot is smooth and fast paced through out. There are no loose ends anywhere; everything ties up to form a pattern. Amish have beautifully woven the Indian mythology with fiction in a modern style.

The story of the mightiest Indian mythological god, The Shiva - Mahadev, as a mortal human being is a must read for every Indian book lover.

Contents

The three books in PDF and EPub format
An image of the book cover

Hope you enjoy..
Please Seed and share