Series: The Hooker Experience 
Year: 2013 
Director: Kevin Moore 
Starring: Maddy O'Reilly, India Summer, Kevin Moore, Jada Stevens, Gia DiMarco, Yurizan Beltran
Time: 3 Hours 57 Minutes 
Released DVD: 2013-01-30
Genre: Big tits, Blonde, Blowjob, Brunette, Pornstar, Petite, Natural tits, College, Hardcore, P.O.V., Deep throat, Cumshot, Gonzo, Dark Hair, Teens, Panty, Facial, Anal, Big Breast, Tits fuck, Foot, Petite, Latina 

The Hooker Experience Summary: Director and hobbyist Kevin Moore puts viewers inside the exciting world of porn star call girls with his double-disc The Hooker Experience. In five meticulously crafted POV-style scenes that add up to a feature movie, the director arranges dates with smokin-hot courtesans, documenting the telephone and Internet transactions before each intimate rendezvous. These gorgeous ladies are seen in preparation, applying make-up and donning sultry lingerie, building the tension before each assignation. Tight, tattooed and busty, Gia DiMarco is a fishnet-clad, full-service prostitute who slurps and lovingly rides the director's stiff boner and kneels for a faceful of creamy splooge. Soft, smooth Jada Stevens gives Kevin a lap dance and a well-practiced blow job; she gets down on all fours so he can drill her silken pussy doggie-style. Mature, sensuous India Summer plays a MILFy madam who grants a special meeting for her favorite client. This ultra-classy slut uses all her special techniques on him, then opens wide for a hot cum facial. Young stunner Maddy O'Reilly is a new girl nervously easing into the job. Lured by a large payday, the beautiful rookie rises to the occasion, fucking and sucking like a pro. Curvaceous, exotic Yurizan Beltran provides a top-of-the-line play session that gets her plump ass splattered with jism. Kevin's skilled shooting makes the viewer a virtual character experiencing the story. Whether you're a practiced patron of working girls or simply curious about the allure of paid sex, The Hooker Experience is a thrilling indulgence worth every penny.



 
http://www.forload.net/?v=plthed1fro.jpg
 
http://www.forload.net/?v=plthed1bac.jpg

disc1 
http://www.forload.net/?v=plthed1mp4.jpg

disc2 
http://www.forload.net/?v=plthed2mp4.jpg