Intel Xeon Phi Coprocessor High Performance Programming

Book Details:

Pages: 432 
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann (February 2013)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0124104142
ISBN-13: 978-0124104143
Format: PDF, EPUB

Book Description:

Authors Jim Jeffers and James Reinders spent two years helping educate customers about the prototype and pre-production hardware before Intel introduced the first Intel Xeon Phi coprocessor. They have distilled their own experiences coupled with insights from many expert customers, Intel Field Engineers, Application Engineers and Technical Consulting Engineers, to create this authoritative first book on the essentials of programming for this new architecture and these new products.

This book is useful even before you ever touch a system with an Intel Xeon Phi coprocessor. To ensure that your applications run at maximum efficiency, the authors emphasize key techniques for programming any modern parallel computing system whether based on Intel Xeon processors, Intel Xeon Phi coprocessors, or other high performance microprocessors. Applying these techniques will generally increase your program performance on any system, and better prepare you for Intel Xeon Phi coprocessors and the Intel MIC architecture.

A practical guide to the essentials of the Intel Xeon Phi coprocessor
Presents best practices for portable, high-performance computing and a familiar and proven threaded, scalar-vector programming model
Includes simple but informative code examples that explain the unique aspects of this new highly parallel and high performance computational product
Covers wide vectors, many cores, many threads and high bandwidth cache/memory architecture

Table of Contents:

Chapter 1. Introduction
Chapter 2. High Performance examples
Chapter 3. Benchmarking Apps
Chapter 4. Real-world Situations
Chapter 5. Lots of Data (Vectors)
Chapter 6. Lots of Tasks (not Threads)
Chapter 7. Processing Parallelism
Chapter 8. Coprocessor Architecture
Chapter 9. Coprocessor System Software
Chapter 10. Linux on the Coprocessor
Chapter 11. Math Library
Chapter 12. MPI
Chapter 13. Profiling
Chapter 14. Summary
