


                      PART  501

                 post punk / new wave



         SIOUXSIE AND THE BANSHEES  -  Hong Kong Garden  (1978)
         THE CURE  -  Boys Don't Cry  (1979)
         A FLOCK OF SEAGULLS  -  I Ran (So Far Away) (1982)
         SIOUXSIE AND THE BANSHEES  -  Dear Prudence  (1983)
         SIOUXSIE AND THE BANSHEES  -  Passenger  (1986)
         WIRE - Ahed  (1987)



   "Hong Kong Garden" is the debut single released by British band Siouxsie and the Banshees. It was produced by their manager Nils Stevenson and sound-engineer Steve Lillywhite. Issued in the UK by Polydor Records in 1978, the single quickly hit number seven in the UK Singles Chart. The song is now widely acknowledged as a classic. In March 2005, Q magazine placed it in its list of the "100 Greatest Guitar Tracks Ever" and the NME recently qualified it as "sublime".The song was described by Paul Rambali in the NME as "a bright, vivid narrative, something like snapshots from the window of a speeding Japanese train, power charged by the most original, intoxicating guitar playing heard in a long, long time." The record was single of the week in the NME, Melody Maker and Record Mirror. Melody Maker underlined: "The elements come together with remarkable effects. The song is strident and powerful with tantalising oriental guitar riffs." Record Mirror described the effect the record had as "accessibilty incarnated... I'm playing it every third record. I love every second.Paul Morley analyzed its success a few months later: "Its oriental 'authenticity', its flickering eroticism, its simple beauty pushed it deep into the charts.
Genre  - Post-punk 

   "Boys Don't Cry " was the second single to be released by The Cure, released in June 1979. It was released in the UK as a stand-alone single, and was included as the title track on Boys Don't Cry, the American equivalent to Three Imaginary Boys.Written by Michael Dempsey, Robert Smith, and Lol Tolhurst, the lyrics tells the story of a man who has given up trying to regain the love of a woman that he has lost, and tries to disguise his true emotional state by "laughing, hiding the tears in [his] eyes, 'cause boys don't cry".

   "I Ran (So Far Away)"  is a song by A Flock of Seagulls. It was released on their debut album "A Flock of Seagulls" in 1982 and was its most successful single, reaching number 9 in the United States and number 1 in Australia.Despite success in the States and Australia, the single did not enjoy similar success in the band's home country (United Kingdom), failing to make the top 40.
      
   "Dear Prudence" is a song written by John Lennon and credited to LennonΓÇôMcCartney. It was released by the Beatles as the second track on their 1968  "The White Album".The subject of the song is Prudence Farrow, actress Mia Farrow's sister, who was present when the Beatles went to India to study with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. When Siouxsie and the Banshees released their version of the song in 1983, it became one of their biggest hits, peaking at number three in the UK singles chart.

  "The Passenger" is a song by Iggy Pop and Ricky Gardiner, recorded and released by Iggy Pop on the Lust for Life album in 1977. Siouxsie and the Banshees covered "The Passenger" for their all-cover-versions album "Through the Looking Glass". The group revamped the song by adding brass arrangements. Released as the second single from that album, it peaked at #41 in the UK singles chart. Iggy Pop praised their version and stated : "That's good. She sings it well and she threw a little note in when she sings it, that I wish I had thought of... The horn thing is good..." 
genre - Alternative rock

  "Ahed"  is a song written by Wire and released in 1987 on the album "The Ideal Copy".  It was their the fourth studio album.
