Free Download
 
http://www.maztek.net/public/index.php/album/unreleased-stuffs/

This is a collection of unreleased Dubstep, Drum&Bass tunes and lost projects i made during the past years, many of these tunes are unfinished or just ideas but i think it’s nice to just let the people download them for free instead of keeping them lost in the harddrive.

Some of them are already available for free download but i think its cool to have all them together in the same album.

Featuring: Ella sopp, MC Coppa, MC Don.Skey, Two Naked Oceans & Serena Scocca, Bishop (The Vangarde), Malsum.


Artist: Maztek

title: Unreleased Stuffs

Genres: Drum & Bass, Neurofunk, Dubstep

Label:  Maztek

Format: 320 kbps MP3

Release: 03-05-2013

Total time:  00:41:56

size: 101 Mb



Tracklist:
01. Identity (feat. MC Don.Skey)
02. Rock Da Disco
03. Love Step
04. Who Am I (feat. Two Naked Oceans)
05. Wolf (feat. Malsum)
06. Desire (feat. Ella Sopp)
07. Bassnation (feat. Mc Coppa)
08. Aint Nothing Nice (feat. Bishop / The Vangarde)
09. Identity (Instrumental)
10. Sunset

Matteo Cavo aka. Maztek, born and raised in the heart of Italy, Rome, he embarked upon his music career at the young age of 13 as a lead guitarist and percussionist.

At 18 years of age he became fascinated with electronic music, specifically Techno and Drum and Bass. He decided to take heed and began to compose not only Drum and Bass but also Electro, Grime and Dubstep tracks and played them out in the Italian underground scene with great success and response.

In 2005, Maztek formed the label ‘Subculture Records’, that captivated a wide international audience and became a known vinyl and digital label and has had releases from artists such as, N.phect, Future Signal, Proktah, Malsum & Sleeper Cell.

You can hear Maztek's releases on ‘Subculture Records’ as well as many other labels such as, ‘Contaminated’, ‘Close2death’ Germany’s ‘Basswerk’ and Italian labels ‘Modulate’ and ‘Transistor Technology’ to name a few.

Maztek has also collaborated with a number of well known producers such as Aeph, Optiv, Sleeper Cell, Dabs, Billian, N.phect and Malsum, to name a few.

Maztek's remix catalogue is also increasing; he has done remixes for artists like Intiman, Foreign Beggars and is in the process of doing a remix for N.phect.

His biggest releases yet, Intiman ft. Foreign Beggars, ‘Hit That’ (Maztek remix) and ‘Straight to Bad’, have caught the attention of many all around the world and has been supported by all major Dj’s such as, Ed Rush, The Upbeats, State of Mind, amongst many others.

In 2011, he became one of the official producers of Dope D.O.D., a hip hop crew based in the Netherlands, and in that same year he made a remix for an Italian band called Subsonica. The track was “Il Diluvio (Maztek remix)” and was released by EMI. Another remix was made for a band called VOV and was released by Warner. Beyond these huge releases, in 2012, Maztek signs “Galactica” and “Odyssey” on Renegade Hardware that is one of the most famous labels in the UK established in 1995. He is also working on a single for Andy C’s Program Records and Tony Colman's Hospital Records as well...plus another EP for Ed Rush’s Piranha Pool.

With Dope D.O.D. he made another 4 beats coming out on their new album in early 2013. One of the beats will feature Jonatan Davis from Korn.

Maztek's sound is supported by big names such as Andy C, Ed Rush, Delta Heavy, June Miller, Black Sun Empire, State of Mind to name a few.

Maztek is hot property and is ready to proceed in what has been proving to be a long and amazing career.