Stiletto Girls Series (1-2) by Lexi Ryan in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 

Stilettos, Inc (Stiletto Girls #1) by Lexi Ryan (January 1st 2009)

Brains. Attitude. Beauty that brings men to their knees-if their Jujitsu moves don't do it first. The women of the private investigation firm Stilettos, Inc. are not your average PIs. Each armed with a special power, there's no case the Stiletto Girls can't crack-until Specials start vanishing in growing numbers.

Darian Lorring is an agent for the Specials Intelligence Agency, a secret government organization of humans with special powers. His unit's latest mission is to track the Stiletto Girls and determine their role in the assassination attempts on the president. But it's hard to keep secrets from a Stiletto Girl. His best defense? Keep sex on the brain. And Darian will eat and breathe sex to protect his country...having Paige in his bed again is just an added bonus.

Empath Paige Sykes hopes solving the missing Specials case will answer unresolved questions of her mother's disappearance ten years ago. But one sexy, chauvinistic SIA agent continues to get in her way-and in her bed. How can she trust what she feels around Darian when his ability allows him to project emotions and physical sensations? How can she trust any man when her ex, Collin Raines, appears to be tied to attempts on the president's life?

Flirting With Fate (Stiletto Girls #2) by Lexi Ryan (November 19th 2009)

Heat. Passion. Sex. Precog Stiletto Girl Josie Bovard sees little else when she touches the charming and handsome Tanner Wiley. But she needs his assistance in her investigation, not in her bed. After discovering that her dead motherΓÇÖs journal contains encrypted messages involving DNA manipulation, geneticists, and threats to non-Specials, Josie is determined to carry out her motherΓÇÖs plan, but to be successful, she needs Tanner's help.

Special Intelligence Agency operative Tanner Wiley knows Josie is withholding information about her latest investigation. He agrees to help her, intent on filling in the blanks himself. What he discovers is a decades-old Ascendant scheme for control, and JosieΓÇÖs outrageous plan of self-sacrifice. But what will they do when the answers they seek threaten to destroy life as they know it?


Seed and Enjoy!