
The Vampire Diaries S04E23 XviD [JKS]
.
Video
XviD
Length:  42:04
Frame width.:  720
Frame Height:  404
Data rate: 881kbps
Total bitrate:  1009kbps
Frame rate: 29 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 128kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1405406/
Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Vampire_Diaries
Official site: http://www.cwtv.com/shows/the-vampire-diaries
.
The Vampire Diaries is a supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec, based on the book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith. The series premiered on The CW Television Network on September 10, 2009. The series takes place in Mystic Falls, Virginia, a fictional small town haunted by supernatural beings. The main focus of the series is the love triangle between the protagonist Elena Gilbert (Nina Dobrev) and vampire-brothers Stefan Salvatore (Paul Wesley) and Damon Salvatore (Ian Somerhalder). As the narrative develops in the course of the series, the focal point shifts on the mysterious past of the town involving Elena's malevolent doppelgänger Katherine Pierce and the family of Original Vampires, all of which have an evil agenda of their own.
The pilot episode attracted the largest audience of any series premiere since the network began in 2006. The first season averaged 3.60 million viewers. The show initially received average reviews, but critics agreed that the series improved over the course of the season with both the second and third season premiering to generally favorable reviews. The show has received numerous award nominations, winning two People's Choice Award and many Teen Choice Awards.
On February 11, 2013, The CW renewed the series for a fifth season
.
The Vampire Diaries Season 4 Episode 23
Title: Graduation  Directed by: Chris Grismer  Written by:  Caroline Dries & Julie Plec  Original air date: May 16, 2013
...
On Graduation Day, Mystic Falls is overrun with ghosts intent on settling old scores and fulfilling their supernatural destinies. Damon’s life is in danger after a ghostly encounter, while Matt and Rebekah join forces to battle a ghost determined to find the cure. As everyone gathers for the graduation ceremony and the ghosts converge, help comes from an unlikely hero. Caroline receives a touching and unexpected graduation present, and Bonnie’s plan leads to the closing of the veil. Elena makes a decision about the Salvatore brothers and faces an epic confrontation with Katherine. Finally, Stefan discovers a horrifying clue to the mystery surrounding Silas.
