Ever had that itching desire to break out of hell and into the highest reaches of heaven? In Party of Sin, you take control of the Seven Deadly Sins in a coopetitive puzzle-platformer for 1-4 players.

Master a large, dynamic team of anti-heroes -- the Seven Deadly Sins -- as you forge your destiny on a quest to troll humanity. Envy, Greed, Sloth, Pride, Wrath, Lust, Gluttony are all multi-dimensional with special powers useful in many situations.

Swap characters on the fly as you change tactics based on the situation: ALL the Sins are useful in combat, ALL the Sins aid in puzzle solving, and ALL the Sins have coop interactions, both Good and Evil.

Adventure: A full 6 to 8 hours of gameplay is provided, in both solo and coop modes. Play over 20 levels on your adventure through Hell, Purgatory, Earth and Heaven. Upgrade your Sins in the shop by collecting God's forbidden apples. Five bosses like the Demon Narwhal and the Airship Captain stand in your way.

Solo: Being alone requires more thought and planning as you make your escape from hell. Challenging puzzles and battles that will force you to combine powers in creative ways await you.

Coop: You are not alone! Play with up to 3 of your friends and combine the sin powers in new and sinister ways. You will discover that all your powers that work on enemies also work on other sins. Use them to help the team or punish bad behaviour.

Inspired by known classics: Super Smash Bros, Zelda, Super Mario. Party of Sin takes the best games of your youth and melts them down into a sinful super-game. Powers are adapted from classic mechanics like grappling hooks and time-shifting.

Religious Theme: Explore four biblical worlds as you make your way from the depths of Hell to the vaults of Heaven, one angel at a time. Fight enemies based in Christian mythology like demons, angels, cherubs and templars. Take the final fight to Saint-Michael himself!

Join a party of epic proportions that tests your ability to think from the other side of moralityΓÇª Which Sin are you?

System Requirements
Minimum:

OS:Windows XP
Memory:1 GB RAM
Graphics:DirectX 10 compatible GPU
DirectX┬«:10
Hard Drive:250 MB HD space
Recommended:

OS:Windows 7
Memory:4 GB RAM
Graphics:DirectX 10 compatible GPU
DirectX┬«:10
Hard Drive:250 MB HD space