Bigasoft iPad Video Converter

Unlimited HD Videos, Unlimited Fun on iPad

Fans are no longer restricted to playing certain files on iPad mini, iPad, iPad 2, iPad 3 and the new iPad 4. You can easily convert and enjoy various High-definition (HD) video files on large, high-resolution screen iPad with a perfect crisp and vibrant display.

Bigasoft iPad Video Converter can convert any kind of video formats including WMV, ASF, AVI, DivX, MKV, MOD, TOD, MTS, VOB, MPEG, MOV, RM, 3GP, high quality 1080p or 1080i MKV, M2TS and more to iPad video MP4 and iPad H.264 720p or 1080p video. Moreover, it can also convert audio files including WMA, WAV, MP2, AC3, RA, M4A, OGG, AAC etc. to iPad MP3.

The powerful iPad movie converter is equipped with powerful editing functions. You can freely clip segments, crop videos, customize the output effect, merge video files into one, turn off computer after converting, convert files in batches, etc with unmatchable conversion speed and excellent output quality.

Just free download Bigasoft iPad Video Converter and get immersed in the perfect crisp and vibrant video world.

Key Features:

Convert video to iPad, iPad 2, iPad 3, the new iPad 4 and iPad mini
Bigasoft iPad Video Converter optimizes general and HD video for all types of iPad including iPad, iPad 2, iPad 3, the new iPad 4 and iPad mini. Only several simple clicks, you can watch high definition on your iPad freely.
Convert Video to iPad MP4, iPad H.264 720p video, iPad HD 1080p
Lives have turned into a big media center. Bigasoft iPad Video Converter helps to convert any kind of video format to iPad video MP4 format, iPad HD 1080p, or iPad H.264 720p video. Fans can enjoy unlimited High-definition (HD) video on a perfect crisp and vibrant iPad display.
Support WebM/VP8 decode
It can serve as a WebM/VP8 to iPad decoder and WebM/VP8 to iPad converter which can convert WebM/VP8 to iPad video MP4 and extract music from WebM/VP8 and save as iPad MP3.
Encode music to iPad MP3
The powerful video converter for iPad can also extract sound tracks from video and save as iPad MP3 format.
Convert clips
The smart video converter for iPad lets you to convert only your favorite segment by setting the start time and the end time.
Preview and snapshot
The wonderful iPad software has the build-in playback tool to helps preview the customized video effect and take snapshot when preview.
Pause at will
You may pause, stop, and resume the conversion at your will during the conversion with powerful iPad converter.
Customize output parameters
You can apply the default setting or customize output parameters of the video and audio codec, bitrates, rate, channels, and more.
Run in background
iPad Video Converter allows you to run it in the background for convenience.
Super conversion
Bigasoft iPad Video Converter supports multi-tasking, multi-core CPU processing. What's more, it is a smart NVIDIA CUDA iPad Converter that totally supports NVIDIA CUDA technology. The CUDA based GPU iPad Converter will automatically enable the NVIDIA CUDA acceleration and shift the conversion by CPU to GPU iPad Conversion and provides 10X speedup conversion.
Easy-to-use
The intuitive Video Converter for iPad provides you a very easy to follow interface and step by step instructions with multiple languages including English, German, French, Spanish, Japanese, Arabic, and Chinese.
iPad Video Converter for Windows
Support all Windows including Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/ipad-video-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.