There Will Be Blood (2007)

Director: Paul Thomas Anderson
Writer: Paul Thomas Anderson

Starring: Daniel Day-Lewis, Martin Stringer, Paul Dano and Ciarán Hinds

----------------------------------
Summary:
In 1902, Daniel Plainview (Day-Lewis), a mineral prospector, discovers oil and establishes a small drilling company. 
Following the death of one of his workers in an accident, Plainview adopts the man's orphaned son. 
The boy, named H. W. (Freasier), becomes his nominal business "partner".

Nine years later, Plainview is approached by Paul Sunday (Dano), who tells him about the oil deposit under his family's property in Little Boston, California. 
Plainview attempts to buy the farm at a bargain price but Paul's twin brother Eli (also Dano), wise to Plainview's plan, holds out wanting the money to fund the local church, of which he is the pastor. 
Oil production begins...
-----------------------
There Will Be Blood is, in my insignificant opinion, is the greatest film of last 20 years. One of the greatest of all time. 
This is a movie that has the feel and scope of a 1950's epic, it could easily have an overture and intermission. 
And in quality it stands with Lawrence of Arabia, over Ben-Hur.
Daniel Day-Lewis gives one of if not THE greatest performance of all time which of course earned him an oscar.

Is it only about greed? I don't think so, at least not in the literal sense. 
Daniel Plainview is a man who finds meaning in his greed, he certainly doesn't see any in people. 
I think, like most P.T. Anderson's films, it is about alienation. Money and greed can't replace people, but they are more predictable. 
"I'm finished."
-----------------------
Chicago Tribune critic Michael Phillips named There Will Be Blood the decade's best film. Phillips stated:

"This most eccentric and haunting of modern epics is driven by oilman Daniel Plainview, who, in the hands of actor Daniel Day-Lewis, becomes a Horatio Alger story gone horribly wrong. 
Writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson's camera is as crucial to the films hypnotic pull as the performance at its center. 
For its evocation of the early 1900s, its relentless focus on one man's fascinating obsessions, and for its inspiring example of how to freely adapt a novel--plus, what I think is the performance of the new century--There Will Be Blood stands alone. 
The more I see it, the sadder, and stranger, and more visually astounding it grows--and the more it seems to say about the best and worst in the American ethos of rugged individualism. Awfully good!"
----------------------------------

Region 1 (NTSC) DVD9
Ripped with no compression using DVDShrink 3.2
French and Spanish Audio Stripped; dubbing is a sin
Bonus Materials on Disc 2 (Go Buy It)

Subs: English, French, Spanish

Motion Picture Rating (MPAA): Rated R
Runtime: 95 min
Audio: AC3 5.1 Surround
Aspect Ratio:  2.35:1
Release Date:  1 November 2002 (USA)