My first torrent. Please let me know if there are any problems!! The Mermaids Singing and the Torment of Others I found from other sources on the net. I converted Beneath the Bleeding and Fever of the Bone myself. All files are .mp3. These are the only ones I have and it was kind of a pain to do this so I think it is all you get. Feel free to ask if you want the others and I will see what I can do. Cheers!

These books led to the Wire in the Blood TV series which, though substantially different from the books, is excellent nonetheless IMHO.

_______________

Tony Hill and Carol Jordan series - from Wikipedia

1 The Mermaids Singing

Synopsis
In the fictional English city of Bradfield, men are being abducted and tortured to death using brutal medieval techniques. The bodies are then found in areas frequented by gay men and women. The police reluctantly recruit a criminal profiler, Dr. Tony Hill. He joins forces with Detective Inspector Carol Jordan, for whom he develops complicated romantic feelings. Dr. Tony Hill has problems of his own, including a mysterious woman named Angelica who frequently calls him forphone sex. As Tony becomes increasingly involved in the investigation, it becomes apparent that the killer is seeking Tony as the next victim. The killer is revealed to be the anonymous caller Angelica, a transsexual woman who kills men that do not return her affections. When kidnapped, Tony figures out her weakness (her desire to be loved) and uses it to avoid being tortured and murdered.

4 The Torment of Others

Plot summary
Several years after Derek Tyler was incarcerated for slaughtering several prostitutes, another lady of the night is found dead under similar modus operandi. Could police be on the trail of a copycat killer, or are there even darker motives at work here? As Dr. Tony Hill investigates, accompanied by the jaded DCI Carol Jordan, he's drawn into a tangled web of degeneracy, psychosis and mind manipulation...

5 Beneath the Bleeding

Beneath The Bleeding (2007) is a crime novel by Scottish author Val McDermid, the fifth featuring her recurring protagonist, Dr. Tony Hill and his police partner Carol Jordan.

6 Fever of the Bone

Plot
The story centers on the investigation of the murders of several teenagers who, at first, can only be connected by their use of the fictional social networking site RigMarole. Along the way, Carol has to deal with the pressures placed on her by new Chief Constable James Blake, which include an attempt to lower the costs of the investigation by using in-house profiling help instead of going to Dr. Hill. Tony, meanwhile, is dealing with a personal loss that forces him to re-examine several long-held beliefs.

