Artist: Jamie Lidell
Release: Jim
Discogs: 1325538
Released: 2008-03-31
Label: Warp Records
Catalog#: WARPCD160
Format: CD, Album
Country: UK
Style: Electronic, Funk / Soul, Soul, Funk

Tracklisting:

01. Another Day (3:49)
02. Wait For Me (3:24)
03. Out Of My System (3:58)
04. All I Wanna Do (5:13)
05. Little Bit Of Feel Good (4:03)
06. Figured Me Out (4:27)
07. Hurricane (3:13)
08. Green Light (3:49)
09. Where D'You Go? (2:24)
10. Rope Of Sand (3:39)

Jamie Lidell has built his career upon surprising people, whether via his on-stage antics, sudden stylistic shifts, or cryptic interviews. But the biggest twist to his third album, Jim, might just be its lack of left turns. Jim isn't quite Lidell's Sea Change, but it's close, and not only because the singer and producer recently toured and recorded with Beck. Despite a few uptempo rockers, the album is generally subdued; its perspective is almost confessional.
On the surface a collection of love songs, Jim remains obsessed with the themes of emotional imbalance, self-doubt, and dual identity that Lidell introduced on 2005's Multiply. Building on the blueprint drafted for that album, Jim deepens the singer's engagement with 1960s and 70s r&b across a carefully crafted set of ballads, rave-ups, and easygoing soul, showing off not only his considerable vocal chops but also the songwriting and studio prowess of his longtime collaborators Gonzales and Mocky. (Co-producer Mocky shares songwriting credits on virtually all the album's songs; Gonzales had a hand in two, and the Tower Recordings' collaborator Andre Vida, responsible for Multiply's horns, is credited on one.) Given Lidell's past provocations, Jim's spoonful of sugar will likely disorient some fans. But thick with hooks and Hammonds, funk squelch and background doo-wop, Jim nevertheless makes for some of the most satisfying Sunday-morning listening you'll hear this year. That Gonzalez and Mocky also played significant roles in the creation of Feist's The Reminder shouldn't be surprising. (Lidell appeared on that album as well: he sings and is credited as "Energy Arranger" on "So Sorry".) For all Lidell's background in the trenches of the rave scene and its experimental aftermath, Jim is unabashedly pop in spirit and feel-good in sound.
After Lidell's abrasive first record, 2000's Muddlin' Gear and the avant-funk he concocted in the duo Super_Collider (with Chilean-English techno veteran Cristian Vogel), Multiply's sparkling keyboards, taut electric funk, and rattling tambourines often earned accusations of pastiche. That wasn't always far off: The album's songwriting, production and vocal delivery are deeply indebted to the soul tradition from Stax to Motown, Prince to D'Angelo. With its plucked bass and careful treble counterpoints, "Multiply", a song about the joys of a split personality, sounds almost like a repurposed "(Sittin' on) The Dock of the Bay". That combination of subject matter and source material ought to have been enough to undercut the charges that Multiply tried too hard to be "authentic," but it wasn't. You can find a typical criticism in Andy Kellman's review for Allmusic.com, where he calls the album "as authentic as any neo-soul release"-- a faint-praise damnation that makes "authenticity" sound positively counterfeit-- and complains that "there's so much overly earnest, reverential, 'let's get back to making real music' energy floating around that you can sense it nibbling away at the desire to make something that sounds like today."