The Anarchist Revolution; Polemical Articles 1924-1931

Author: Errico Malatesta
Editor, Introduction by: Vernon Richards

Publisher: Freedom Press
Pages: 123
Released: 1995

ISBN-10: 0900384832


Description (from the Back of the Book):

Though complete in itself, this volume is intended as a 'supplementary' to the "Errico Malatesta: His Life and Ideas"[.] 

The importance of this volume is that 23 articles published between 1924 and 1931 - the last year of his life have been translated in full for the first time, and have been selected, as the sub-title 'polemical articles' makes clear, because they deal with issues which were of much concern amongst anarchists and which this editor, himself involved with anarchist propaganda for some 60 years, considers to be as relevant today as when they were written.



About the Author:
Errico Malatesta (b Caserta, Italy 12/14/1853) was a one-time republican who later repudiated Mazzini's patronage. He joined the International in 1871, a few months before the Paris Commune, falling in with its Bakuninist wing. In October 1876, he played an active part in the Berne congress of the "anti-authoritarian" International, where, straying somewhat from Bakunin's ideological legacy, he repudiated "collectivism" to become an exponent of "libertarian communism" and broach the notion of "propaganda by deed." 

In the province of Benevento in 1877, Malatesta and 30 others, armed and following red flags, seized the village of Lentino, issued arms to the population and put the public records to the torch. The army quickly retook the city from them. He joined Kropotkin in Geneva publishing the newspaper Le Revolte, then founded two newspapers in Italy, La Questiane saciale and L'Anarchia. In 1884, he escaped political repression hidden in the crate of a sewing machine bound for South America, where in 1885, he founded another Question Sociale and became a trade union organizer. In 1896, Malatesta took part in the international socialist labor congress, attending as the delegate of the Spanish anarcho-syndicalists. Returning illegally to Italy, he waged war there simultaneously against parliamentarism, individualism and marxism and parted company with Kropotkin, of whose "spontaneism" he was critical. He insisted upon the necessity of organizing anarchism as a party and became an advocate of trade union action as well as direct labor action. 

The First World War found him faithful to working class internationalism and he indignantly upbraided Kropotkin for his support for the war. By the end of 1919, he left London to return to Italy, where he was greeted by enthusiastic crowds. The Corriere della Sera ofJanuary 20, 1920 portrayed him as "one of the greatest figures in Italian life." His newspaper Umanita Nova had a print-run of 50,000 and he became a leading light of anarcho-syndicalist labor organization, the Unione Sindacalista Italiana (USI).

1919-22 Malatesta was at the height of his revolutionary militant and agitator career. He transferred his newspaper to Rome and struck up an antifascist "Labor Alliance" with the political parties and trade unions: in July 1922, the Alliance called a general strike, but the attempt was smashed by the rising power of the fascist blackshirts. Umanita Nova was banned shortly after the March on Rome and Malatesta's picture was burned in public. 

From the end of 1926 onwards, Malatesta, whom fascist totalitarianism had silenced (except for a few articles smuggled out of the country), lived under house arrest. He died on July 22 , 1932 .




About the Editor:
Vernon Richards (19 July 1915 ΓÇô 10 December 2001) was an Anglo-Italian anarchist, editor and author