01. Lazy Bones 
02. Dillinger Eyes 
03. Organ Donor 
04. Toussaint Grey First In Life And Death 
05. Violet 
06. Knots 
07. John The Determinist 
08. A Girl A Boy And A Graveyard 
09. Repo Man 
10. Deathbed Salesman 
11. Tomorrow

Telling stories through song is something of a lost art. Decades ago, it was the norm where songwriters could spin entire worlds in front of our eyes in three and a half minutes. That was replaced by the “hook.” Songs were broken down to a passable chorus or melody with a hummable tune. That was until now.

Jeremy Messersmith is a songwriter from a different era. The Reluctant Graveyard is the third and final release in his story on life. While his first two albums focused on the first two stages of life, this most recent piece combines quirky, and sometimes morbid lyrics about our final destination. Song titles like “Lazy Bones,” “Organ Donor,” “A Girl, a Boy, and a Graveyard” and “Deathbed Salesman” would make you think this album would be un-listenable based on the subject matter. You would be 100% wrong.

Messersmith has packaged this concept album in a beautiful 60’s-era pop package. He has done what so many imitators have tried to do over the last forty years. He has taken the sound of bands like The Beatles and The Beach Boys and made it his own. The recording is both retro and forward sounding simultaneously. No place is this more obvious, than on the single “Violet!” which screams of Pet Sounds Beach Boys with its subtle piano play and vocal harmonies.

Despite many people outside the Minneapolis not knowing who he is, the talent has not gone un-noticed. The Reluctant Graveyard was chosen as one of the top 10 albums of 2010 by NPR’s “All Songs Considered.” Messersmith has also been featured on the shows “Chuck” and “Ugly Betty.”

Each song tells a story, which is pretty good considering the 11 tracks come to just over 32 minutes of music. No epic songs here. This is storytelling Twitter-style. That being said, not one of these songs sounds unfinished. Each is wrapped in a nice package.

The opening track, “Lazy Bones,” starts off with what sounds like a nod to The Monkees “Last Train to Clarksville.” As it opens up, piano play takes over and the chorus is one you will be singing in the shower for weeks to come.

The arrangements of each song all seems to fit precisely too. Whether it is the harmonica in “Toussaint, Grey, First in Life and Death” or the orchestral arrangements in “Knots” or “John the Determinist,” it all works to near perfection. With “John…” the violin play is very reminiscent of “Eleanor Rigby,” but it doesn’t squash the song as a re-print. Messersmith knows how to take from his influences without blatantly stealing from them.

In most reviews, there is a spot where the strongest tracks are given, or at least the ones that you, the reader, should give a listen. When it comes to The Reluctant Graveyard, the answer is yes to all. There is not a weak song on the album. Jeremy Messersmith has found a new fan.