one of Dicks Americana collection

Artist: Otis Gibbs
Release: Joe Hill's Ashes
Discogs: 2750805
Released: 2010
Label: Wanamaker Recording Company
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: US
Style: Folk, World, & Country, Country, Folk

Tracklisting:

01. Joe Hill's Ashes (3:26)
02. Where Only The Graves Are Real (3:14)
03. When I Was Young (3:22)
04. Twelve Men Dead In Sago (2:38)
05. Kansas City (3:45)
06. Outdated, Frustrated And Blue (3:20)
07. The Town That Killed Kennedy (2:51)
08. The Ballad Of Johnny Crooked Tree (3:33)
09. I Walked Out In The River (2:51)
10. Cross Country (2:05)
11. My New Mind (3:34)
12. Something More (4:16)

ninebullets.net wrote:
Look, it’s really really rare that I fall stupid in love with an album. It probably comes down to the fact that I just might hear more new music in a week than most people do in 6 months, but the point is, I can get pretty jaded. That said, Otis Gibb’s new album, Joe Hill’s Ashes, walked into my head, didn’t say a single word and whooped my blogger jadedness and said “You will love me now!” And love it then, I did.

When I wrote about Otis’ last album, When Grandpa Walked A Picket Line, I said, “if Todd Snider and Otis Gibbs could make a baby it would be the Woody Guthrie, Hunter S. Thompson and the Jack Kerouac of its generation.” At the time I was pointing towards Otis’ political leanings and Todd’s wit. Joe Hill’s Ashes has treated me to a brand new appreciation for Otis’ pure songwriting ability. That coupled with his voice, a voice that invites you into its sunny 78 degree porch for Old Fashioneds and asks you to stay and spin yarns, makes this an album that immediately feels comfortable. As awesome as that is, had this been the first Otis Smith Gibbs album I’d ever heard, I’d have been more apt to juxtapose him with Seasick Steve.

Okay, I’m gonna gonna go old school with y’all. If you were reading this site back in 2k7 you were really well versed in my midnight drunken ramblings sans an editor or a sober eye prior to posting so you should be (albeit: rusty) used to this…This album is fucking fantastic. I wanna be more “professional” about it, but I can’t. It’s stupid how good it is. If I were still getting a regular paycheck that allowed me to go to bars, I’d be passing CD-R’s (yes, I do that) of this album out to people, saying, “This album is by a guy called Otis Gibbs and it’s fucking fantastic!.” If they asked what it sounded like I’d say, “Go home and listen to it, if you like it I’ll pass along similar artists.”

So, Otis Gibbs – Joe Hill’s Ashes. Fucking fantastic. Essential Listening.