
This is a collection of pictures I've collected from the Internet over the years.
Although many are probably copyrighted, they were freely available on the Internet, so presumably for public consumption. These should all be available on both BitTorrent and eMule/eDonkey with similar file names.

The collection is intended to be the target of a screen saver slide show (I use XP's built in screen saver). No kids or pets--what can I say?

Large images have been trimmed / reduced to a max dimension of 1900 pixels 
(i.e. full screen for my monitors). 
I have attempted to improve the image quality where possible by trimming, 
sharpening, defocusing backgrounds, color correcting, improving the dynamic 
range, etc. They are adjusted to look good on my monitors, which are color 
corrected (I'm an ex-photographer, so I care about accurate colors) and 
are warmer then most monitors which, by default, are too contrasty and too blue.
Many images that were beyond color correction were converted to black & white 
instead (actually a slightly greenish off-gray.)

Where I have only a few images of a particular girl, they're put in the /OTHER subtree (several hundred unique girls). 

The sub-directory sizes are typically &lt;500 files so it doesn't take XP forever to make/cache
thumbnails. The two supplements, unfortunately, don't have name subdirectory trees. 

There are a few duplicates, as I've come across better/larger images over time, 
especially in some of my favorites (like Angelina Jolie), but not many . . .
Except that the /ICONIC sub tree are All duplicates of other files 
(most, but not all, having the same number). /Iconics are particularly "high impact", 
large, colorful images, hence "iconic".

Many are available as one BIG file named:
    --NSFW BABES photos of beautiful, sexy women complete BIG collection (25k) for screen saver slide show (ending early 2011)
PLUS, 
FOUR supplementary files for more recent additions named:
    --NSFW BABES photos of beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT (2500.png) for screen saver slide show (collected through July 2011)
    
    --NSFW BABES photos beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT 2 (1500 png) for screen saver slide show  (collected through April 2012)
    
    --NSFW BABES photos beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT 3 (1300 PNGs) for screen saver slide show   (collected through November 2012)
    
    --NSFW BABES photos beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT 4 (5200 PNGs) for screen saver slide show    (collected since December 2012
    
ALTERNATELY, the collection is also organized as: 
about 35 girl-specific files collected through February 2013 so you can 
search by the name of interest (these include the images in the previous 
files, but are girl-specific), with file names like:

	--Sharon Stone 800 PNG beautiful sexy women faces nudes NSFW HQ for screen saver slide show 
	
in this series (thru Feb'13) there are also files for: 
	--ICONIC ...  (about 2400 PNG) [see /Iconic above]
	--BODYBUILDERs ... (about 1000 PNG) [see /Others above]
	--OTHER BABES ...   (about 6000 PNG)
	--PORNSTARs ... (about 1000 PNG) [Very NSFW]
	--PLAYMATEs ... (about 1500 PNG) [mostly older, when Playmates were Playmates, not Internet Girls]
	
So, the girl-specific series include: 
(1) images in the base Big file + 
(2) images in the 4 supplements 
---but just for those specific girls and/or categories. 


ENJOY!

TAGS:beautiful,sexy,women,faces,nudes,NSFW,HQ


