La Bottine Souriante - Discographie (1978 - 2006) mp3  



La Bottine Souriante is a folk band from Quebec specialising in traditional Québécois music, often with a modern twist.

There’s a New Orleans, party feel to La Bottine that links it to Francophone traditions of Louisiana. The rollicking outfit stays clear of popular trends and folk purism, offering instead music of depth and substance with the freedom to innovate and let the good times roll.
 
Formed in 1976, they have toured extensively through North America and Europe. In 1990, the band integrated a four-piece horn section with traditional instruments such as accordion, fiddle, guitar, piano and double bass, in order to add an element of jazz to their music. In 1998, they contributed a song to the Canadian Celtic music compilation by The Chieftains, Fire in the Kitchen.

The line-up for LBS has changed numerous times (not unusual for folk groups), and its sound has evolved accordingly. The band started out with a very French Canadian feel with guitar, accordion and fiddle but has expanded to include other styles and instruments. Although founder Yves Lambert has left the group, LBS continues to perform, and a new wave of young musicians joined the group in 2002.

La Bottine Souriante has received the Canadian Juno award for Best Roots/Traditional Album on three occasions for Je voudrais changer d'chapeau in 1989, Jusqu'aux p'tites heures in 1992, and Cordial in 2002. They have also received several Félix Awards from the Quebec recording industry, four Best Folk Album of the Year awards for Jusqu'aux p'tites heures in 1992, La Mistrine in 1995, En spectacle in 1997, and Xième in 1999, two Best Traditional Album awards for Cordial in 2002 and J'ai jamais tant ri in 2004, and one Best Sound (Technical) of the Year award in 1993. Furthermore, they have received four gold records for Y'a ben du changement, En spectacle, Xième, and Anthologie and three platinum records for Tout comme au jour de l'An, Jusqu'aux p'tites heures, and La Mistrine. They are known for their high energy live performances and in 2000 were voted Best Live Act at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards. BBC Radio 3 has also played their music in mainstream programmes.

La Bottine Souriante is no longer simply a Québécois/Canadian musical phenomenon. The group and their explosive sound have crossed borders the world over and left in their wake countless enchanted audiences. The group has developed a distinctive sound all its own that successfully allies its homage to tradition with a dash of jazz, salsa, and pure folk, while at the same time perfectly representing the symbol of vitality and pride of its mother culture. In addition, the music identifies strongly with the current World Music movement. La Bottine has developed an exceptionally tight, cohesive sound, with a music that celebrates. These two elements, music and celebration, characterized by pulsating rhythm, breathtaking sound, and exuberant spirit, have been inseparable since time immemorial. And it is directly into this turbulent energy that La Bottine Souriante sweeps its rapturous public.
 
The groups name means The smiling boot, which refers to the appearance of a work boot with worn-out soles.