Here we go with yet another Classic Hungarian title, for which we made Custom ENG subtitles, and this time it is a children's cartoon, from acclaimed director: Attila Dargay...

This title was released in the English-speaking world in a dubbed version, renamed: Treasure of the Swamp Castle. Would anyone have a copy of it, please consider contacting us! We wish to make a Dual-Audio Rip with it! ThanxXx in advance...

So, about Szaffi then...

This is the same torrent which was previously released on eutorrents!

Title: Szaffi
AKA: Jonas und der verwunschene Schatz
Year: 1985
Original title: Szaffi
Runtime: 1 hour 17 minutes
Country: Hungary | Canada | West Germany
Language: Hungarian
Subtitles: English Custom Made (.srt)
Genre: Animation

Director: Attila Dargay

Cast
András Kern ... Jónás (voice)
Judit Pogány ... Szaffi (voice)
Hilda Gobbi ... Cafrinka (voice)
György Bárdy ... Feuerstein (voice)
Gábor Maros ... Puzzola (voice)
Ferenc Zenthe ... Botsinkay (voice)
József Képessy ... Ahmed (voice)
Judit Hernádi ... Arzéna (voice)
László Csákányi ... Loncsár (voice)
János Gálvölgyi ... Menyus (voice)
Sándor Suka ... Savoyai Eugén (voice)
András Márton ... Adjutáns (voice)


Plot / Synopsis

Szaffi is a 1985 Hungarian animated film directed by Attila Dargay. It is based on the 1885 book The Gypsy Baron by Mór Jókai, about the romance between a poor Hungarian aristocrat and a mysterious Roma-looking Turkish girl in the 18th century. Music from Johann Strauss II's operetta The Gypsy Baron, based on the same novel, is used for the film's soundtrack.

Review:

Szaffi is a full-length animated feature based on Jokai Mor's books Gypsy Baron (Cyganibaro) and Szaffi. I don't want to tell the details of story here, because it's best you see it for yourself. It has adventure, and treasure, and love, and a little black cat, and a war, and picturesque villains - a governor with a pressure release valve in his skull and a fat pig-loving baron, and of course, the good gypsies. All of us soviet children saw this cartoon when it was shown on Russian TV back in the 80's and every character is in our memory forever. Puritan Americans be warned, there is some innocent (and properly masked by 'random' objects) nudity in the cartoon.

Technical Specs
Source: Internet 
Group/Ripper: ThanxXx to the Original Ripper!
Video Format: AVI/XviD 
Video Bitrate: 1152 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps 
Aspect Ratio: 8:7
Resolution: 576 x 416
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.122
Audio Format: 0x0055 (MP3)
Audio Bitrate: 106.59 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz

Check SWATura torrents for other hard-to-find classics!

(K) Kopyleft 2013 - All Rites Reversed...

p.s. We are looking for native English speakers to help us out checking the English texts of translated Custom subtitles and comics... If interested, give us a shout, either here, or directly...

ThanxXx...