Connectify Hotspot is easy-to-use hotspot software router (softap) for Windows computers that utilizes your PCΓÇÖs built-in Wi-Fi card to wirelessly share any available Internet connection with friends, co-workers, and mobile devices. Other Wi-Fi-enabled devices can see and join your hotspot just like any other Wi-Fi access point and are kept safe-and-secure by password-protected WPA2 Encryption.

With Connectify Hotspot users can share 3G connections, 4G Internet connections, and even share a Wi-Fi network that charges per device with all of their other mobile devices, while paying for access on just one laptop.

Connectify Hotspot PRO, which can be purchased by navigating to our store, offers end-users the most feature-rich Wi-Fi networking experience available today. PRO users enjoy customizable SSID naming, one click Wi-Fi boost and repeater functionality, file-sharing between devices over Wi-Fi, and a host of other powerful features, all within the easy-to-use Connectify Hotspot interface. With Connectify Lite, users enjoy a fully-functional, basic hotspot creation capability, and are encouraged throughout the user experience to take advantage of the latest features available in Connectify PRO.
How does Connectify Hotspot work?

Connectify Hotspot turns your computer into a real Wi-Fi router. Thanks to the ΓÇ£Virtual Wi-FiΓÇ¥ technology that is built into Windows 7 and Windows 8, your Windows laptop can create a Wi-Fi hotspot, even while it stays connected to another Wi-Fi network. However, Connectify Hotspot is a lot more than just a wrapper around these command-line tools. Connectify Hotspot is a full suite of powerful routing software (NAT, DNS, and DHCP) to let you share any Internet connection with any device that uses Wi-Fi. Much more powerful, and easier to use than the ΓÇ£Internet Connection SharingΓÇ¥ (ICS) that comes with Windows, Connectify Hotspot is a real router, with features that no one else can offer.
Why Connectify Hotspot is #1 in Wireless Networking

Today, there are a number of products available to users who wish to create and share Wi-Fi access points. As consumers demand more control over their wireless networks than ever before, both hardware and software solutions have been developed to address their needs. Connectify Hotspot occupies a unique space amongst these various products.

While certain hardware devices like NovatelΓÇÖs MiFi, offer mobile hotspot functionality, they are increasingly being viewed as another unnecessary device that users must pay a monthly fee for, and carry with them. On the other hand, almost all of the Wi-Fi access point software available today is, at best, difficult-to-use. With complex UIs filled with networking jargon (or in some cases merely a command-line interface), these products are best-suited for IT managers and Linux-gurus. With Connectify Hotspot, users have the best of both worlds: an easy-to-use software router, that gives anyone the power to create and share Wi-Fi access points and much more, all at the click-of-a-button. 


Whats New :
Changes in 4.2.0.26.088:
User Interface Improvements: Better use of vertical space. Adapters keep the same colors across all pages and graphs in the application.
Improved support system: After running the troubleshooter, you’ll be directed to your Dispatch profile page for further assistance, and a simpler way to submit your ticket to Connectify Support
Improved Dominate algorithm: correctly uses adapters whose bandwidth values are manually overridden
Feature: Improved tooltips throughout application
Feature: Changing a connection to “Backup” now prompts to ask user whether to break any sockets that are currently active.
Feature: Dispatch now warns user with a message at top of Dashboard when DNS errors are detected, and suggests using the DNS Override option.
Feature: Support for subscriptions. Users can now pay for the software via subscription, instead of a one-time license.
Feature: Longer graph length options in Dashboard.
BUGFIX: Green line for speed of fastest connection is now for the fastest connection that you are allowing Dispatch to use.
BUGFIX: Shows less messages when the computer wakes from hibernation.
BUGFIX: More accurate Reliability metrics in the Dashboard.
BUGFIX: When adapters are removed from the system, they no longer instantly disappear from the graphs.

Instructions:

1. Install

2. Register using the key :)
