This is a fully working version. 
If you like it then leave comment and seed longer.... Thank You 


         * * By Toorentz * *

About this app:

Updated:
January 31, 2013

Current Version:
5.1

Requires Android:
2.1 and up

Category:
Communication

Description :

 Boat Browser - Browse the world in an easy and smart way.
Boat Browser is a fast, smart and cool mobile browser; it will bring you amazing premium web experience. It is fully customizable, you could easily change the button's location as you like, furthermore, you could install your favorite add-ons to make your browser more powerful.
What's special?
1. More Customizable
We have optimized the default features listed in the (Side) Toolbar. However, you can always customize them as you like: re-arrange, add and remove buttons. Just by dragging the corresponding icon.
In addition to the toolbar, you can also personalize the Color and the Volume Keys. Actually, you could set volume key's action as switching tabs, scrolling up/down page or zooming page. 
2. Personalized Themes
Bored with the default theme? Can't be satisfied with just changing the theme color?
Boat Browser team will supply you more and more cool themes in different styles, to make your browser more personalized! 
3. Add-on
Add-on is the unlimited expansion of your browser. Customize your browser by installing Boat Add-on to enhance your experience when browsing. These features will be found easily in the Side Toolbar after installation.
*We will continue to develop a variety of popular and fashion add-ons. So keep your browser up with the time!
4. Powerful Bookmarks Management
Bookmarks Manager supports new folder, dragging, batch delete, import, export and sync with stock browser bookmarks (sync bookmarks from chrome browser will be supported soon).
5. Side Toolbar ΓÇô New UI design
New Side toolbar has been integrated in the version 3.4. It means you can reach the toolbar by swiping the right side of the screen. And if you donΓÇÖt like it, just change the settings in the setting menu. Hope it can bring you a new browsing experience from now on. 
6. Speed dial
Add your favorite websites into the speed dial, keep them handy :)
Boat Browser also supply some advanced features such as,
- Video & Flash Video & YouTube Video Support
- Voice Command and Voice Search
- Support App to SD function
- Support Cache to SD function
- Easy Download
- User Agent Switching
- Multi-touch Pinch Zoom
- Super easy copy/paste
It also supplies many useful features, which could make your browsing experience more fun and efficient! Come and try them immediately! They can be found easily by searching below key worlds in Google Play:
1. BoatAdd-on 
2. Boat Web2PDF Add-on
3. Boat Tab History Add-on
4. Boat URL Shortener Add-on

Boat Browser Pro License Key is the key for Pro version of Boat Browser. It has many Pro features: 
1. Remove the banner Ads in bookmark, history and speed dial manage pages.
2. Support to delete ALL speed dial icons, including the preset icons.
3. Support folder for speed dial. (Boat Browser V4.8 above)
4. More advanced Pro features will be added. 
This Pro License Key is an apk file, which should be download and installed. After it is installed, it works when you launch Boat Browser.
!!! Please DO NOT uninstall the license key apk, otherwise it will not work.