1946 was a stellar year for all forms of country music as this volume attests. It kicks off with the original version of Atomic Power by the Buchanan Brothers that walks a fine line between Western swing, hillbilly boogie, and proto-bluegrass vocal harmonies. Of course, Bob Wills was still at the pinnacle of his mighty run and is represented here by New Spanish Two Step and Stay a Little Longer. Eddy Arnold's classic charting That's How Much I Love You is in this mix, as is Bill Monroe's Kentucky Waltz, with entries by Merle Travis, Gene Autry, the Delmore Brothers, Al Dexter with his groovy Wine, Women and Song, and Cowboy Copas' Tragic Romance. Some of the true standouts, though, are reserved for Hank Penny's Steel Guitar Stomp, Spade Cooley's Three Way Boogie, and Grandpa Jones' Eight More Miles to Louisville. The sound quality is not to be beat, making this an essential collection if there ever was one. 
(Thom Jurek)

- - -

VA - Dim Lights, Thick Smoke And Hillbilly Music 1946
(Bear Family Records 2008)

     1. Atomic Power - The Buchanan Brothers
     2. Rainbow At Midnight - Ernest Tubb
     3. That's How Much I Love You - Eddy Arnold
     4. Filipino Baby - Cowboy Copas
     5. Wine, Women, and Song - Al Dexter
     6. New Spanish Two Step - Bob Wills
     7. Someday - Elton Britt
     8. No Vacancy - Merle Travis
     9. No One Will Ever Know - Roy Acuff
    10. Zeb's Mountain Boogie - Brad Brady
    11. I Wish I Had Never Met Sunshine - Gene Autry
    12. Tragic Romance - Cowboy Copas
    13. Hillbilly Boogie - The Delmore Brothers
    14. As Long As I Live - The Bailes Brothers
    15. Rocky Road Blues - Bill Monroe
    16. Eight More Miles To Louisville - Grandpa Jones
    17. Dark As a Dungeon - Merle Travis
    18. Salty Dog Blues - The Morris Brothers
    19. Jole Blon (Pretty Blond) - Harry Choates
    20. Ruby - Cousin Emmy
    21. Kentucky Waltz - Bill Monroe
    22. Midnite Special - The Delmore Brothers
    23. Some Other World - Floyd Tillman
    24. Steel Guitar Stomp - Hank Penny
    25. Black Jack David - T. Texas Tyler
    26. You Will Have To Pay - Tex Ritter
    27. Stay a Little Longer - Bob Wills
    28. Three Way Boogie - Spade Cooley
