Katharine Rapoport - Violin For Dummies 2008

Год: 2008
Автор: Katharine Rapoport
Издательство: John Wiley & Sons Canada, Ltd.
ISBN: 978-0-470-83838-9

Описание: Take a bow and start playing tunes with this friendly guide!

Whether you're an aspiring classical musician or you just want to fiddle around, Violin For Dummies will have you making music in not time. This interactive book-and-CD-ROM package makes it easy with step-by-step instruction on everything from simple tunes to show-stopping techniques. With coverage of musical styles including classical, country, and jazz, this is the ultimate guide to the violin.

Discover how to:
* Choose the right violin and accessories
* Develop correct violin and bow hold
* Understand the language of music
* Play classical, country, gypsy, and jazz
* Tune, change strings, and perform simple maintenance

Why This Book Is for You
I talk to so many people — audience members after I play a concert, friends,
colleagues, people who see me carrying my violin case on the subway — who
all tell me the same thing: “I wish I knew how to play the violin.” Violin For
Dummies is for all of you (and for all the people I don’t know personally, but
who I know are out there) who have the same desire.
Even if you’ve never picked up a violin, let alone tried to play one, this book
tells you what you need to know to make some music. I take you from the
first moment you look at your instrument right on through the stages of an
exciting journey to playing the violin. And the journey is fun — I guarantee it.
No matter how skilled you are with the violin (or even if you have no skills
yet), this book has something for you. If you’re new to the instrument and
want to play, you can follow the chapters in order. If you have some violin
background and are looking for some tips on sharpening your skills, you can
zone in on areas where you want some advice and skip over the places where
you know how to manage.
If you’re a more advanced musician, or even a music teacher, you may want
to use Violin For Dummies for reference. I give you extra teaching ideas, and
you can find some new tricks and approaches to playing that really work