Abraham-Hicks 2013-05-25 Video+mp3 LIVE 3-hr Broadcast

This torrent is with Chapterized Videos in .mp4 format from Abraham LIVE stream Video capture via Internet in FLV format, which was broadcasted real-time from Philadelphia, PA on May 25, 2013. Included in this torrent are:

1. Chapterized Videos in .mp4 format. 
2. Titled Sound tracks as MP3 files 
3. 'Compact Mobile Videos' (cmv), which are smaller size files that can be also played on mobile unit such as a smart phone or PDA (Personal Digital Assistant)
4. m4b file for iPods.
5. Links_to_ALL_Torrents.html - WebPage with list of Abraham-Hicks torrents.

For more Abraham-Hicks Torrents information visit: 
http://koti.welho.com/walkusko/Abraham-Hicks_Torrents/ 
http://pages.videotron.com/abeallow/index.htm

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Sharing Community. 
Our intention as a Community is to help one another to get all of the Abraham’s material, particularly the latest. We as a group and as individuals buy it and share it, in any way we can (mainly via Torrents, DropBox, SugarSync, WeTransfer)... 

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!


Titled Sound tracks in MP3:

Session 1
1-01 Abraham opens the Philadelphia Workshop
1-02 He is experiencing a lot of unwanted

Session 2
2-01 He wants to fully realize his goal
2-02 Who is creating the miscarriages
2-03 How can I believe falling out of a plane I will land in Disneyland
2-04 How can I trust my feelings more

Session 3
3-01 How can he bridge his love for physical
3-02 He feels the grandness of physical is far from where he is now
3-03 There is no separation from non-physical
3-04 Moving through momentum on the emotional scale
3-05 She wants to have an Abraham Church, 
3-06 She is surprised that she doesn't believe everything works out
3-07 Abraham closes the Philadelphia Workshop



Abraham, Jerry and Esther Hicks 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php

In 1985, Jerry and Esther Hicks began dialogs with Abraham. But who, or what, is/are, Abraham . . . really? Abraham is a name. A symbol. A feeling. Abraham is a Non-Physical entity — whom Esther calls "infinite intelligence" and Jerry stated, "the purest form of love I've ever encountered."

Louise Hay calls them "some of the best teachers on the planet today." She is the Hay House founder and best-selling author of inspirational, self-help books including Heal Your Body, You Can Heal Your Life ...

To Dr. Wayne Dyer they are "the great Masters of the Universe!" He is an internationally best-selling author of more than 30 books including The Power of Intention, Change Your Thoughts—Change Your Life...

... everything you need to know about Life and how to make it work... All the tools with which to create the experiences you’ve always wanted. -- Neale Donald Walsch, author, Conversations with God, on The Teachings of Abraham.

My wife and I have enjoyed these profound and extremely practical Abraham teachings for several years. -- John Gray, PhD. author, Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus

The Abraham-Hicks teachings have inspired me to a grand new level of clarity, confidence, purpose, and passion. -- Alan Cohen, author, A Deep Breath of Life

... practical teachings of Abraham will have you trusting your inner guidance again, and will set you on course for the most uplifting adventures imaginable. -- Jack Canfield, co-author of the Chicken Soup for the Soul series


The Teachings of Abraham are based on a universal principle called the Law of Attraction and on the key role our emotions play, and they illuminate and inform every aspect of our experience. 

Abraham, a group of obviously evolved teachers, speak their broader Non-physical perspective through the physical apparatus of Esther. Speaking to our level of comprehension, from their present moment to our now, through a series of loving, allowing, brilliant yet comprehensively simple, recordings in print and in sound -- they guide us to a clear connection with our Inner Being -- they guide us to self-upliftment from our total self. 

Check out Abraham for yourself. It's the only way to go and the only way to know. 

And finally—from Jerry—"Mr. Practical": "I don't know what they are and I don't care what they are. I'm just using them for the good it will do for myself and others."

Jerry and Esther never used the word channeling, because it means many things of which they are not. You don't call the magnificent master musician a channeler, but he is. He's channeling the broader essence of who he is into the specifics of what he is about.


Jerry and Esther deliver an inspirational message of joy and well-being. They travel to over forty cities every year, offering workshops where participants direct their questions to Abraham and learn ways to achieve all that is desired in life.  

"The Teachings of Abraham" is the original source material for the current Law of Attraction wave that is sweeping the world, and it is the 21st century inspiration for thousands of books, films, essays and lectures that are responsible for the current paradigm shift in consciousness. 

Here at www.abraham-hicks.com you will find accurate clarification of the basics of the Law of Attraction and practical applications as well as up-to-the-moment leading-edge expanding information regarding the Law of Attraction. (Also known as "The Teachings of Abraham") This is the fountainhead of the information upon which the hit movie, “The Secret” was based.

Law of Attraction says, "That which is like unto itself is drawn." Everything is valid and everything is truthful, because Law of Attraction lets everything be. The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.

Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!
