Adobe® Acrobat® XI Pro is more than just the leading PDF converter. It's packed with smart tools that give you even more power to communicate. Easily, seamlessly, brilliantly.

NEW Edit text in a PDF - Fix a typo, change a font, or add a paragraph to your PDF as easily as you do in other applications using a new point-and-click interface.

NEW Convert PDF files to PowerPoint - Get a head start on new projects by saving a PDF file as a fully editable PowerPoint presentation.

NEW Create new PDF and web forms - Customize professional templates or design from scratch with the Adobe FormsCentral desktop app included in Acrobat XI Pro.

IMPROVED Standardize routine PDF tasks - Make it easy to create PDFs consistently. Guide people through the correct series of steps with Actions.

NEW Edit images in a PDF - Resize, replace, and adjust images in your PDF with no need to track down the original file or graphic.

NEW Collect form responses with FormsCentral - Easily collect responses by moving your PDF or web forms online with the Adobe FormsCentral online service.*

IMPROVED Approve with electronic signatures - Keep projects moving. E-sign your approval right on the PDF. No need to print, fax, or mail the document.

NEW Get others to sign documents - Get the green light faster. Send PDFs to others for signature approval, and track them online using the Adobe EchoSign® service.*

NEW Apply PDF passwords and permissions - Get expert protection without being an expert. Add copy and edit protection to any PDF — even right from Microsoft Office applications in Windows®.

NEW Merge multiple files into one PDF - Make sure they don't miss a thing. Combine documents, spreadsheets, emails, and more in an organized PDF.

IMPROVED Integrate with SharePoint - With Acrobat, it's simple and convenient for you to retrieve, open, and save PDFs stored on your company's SharePoint server.

IMPROVED Convert HTML pages to PDF - Save web pages as PDF files to archive web content, review the pages offline, or print them more reliably.

IMPROVED Convert Word, Excel, or PowerPoint to PDF - Right from your Office application in Windows, you can create PDFs, start a shared review, restrict PDF edits, and more.

IMPROVED Combine files in a PDF Portfolio - Share your work in a PDF Portfolio that presents materials professionally with an interactive impact.

IMPROVED Meet PDF accessibility standards - Acrobat XI helps you create and verify PDFs that meet accessibility standards, so people with disabilities can interact with your PDFs.

IMPROVED Conform to ISO PDF standards - Create and validate PDF documents that comply with standards managed by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).

IMPROVED Convert PDF files to Word - Save your PDF as a Microsoft Word document and take your fonts, formatting, and layouts with you.

IMPROVED Convert PDF files to Excel - Turn your PDF or just part of it into an editable Excel spreadsheet you can use for data analysis right away.

NEW Store and access files on Acrobat.com - Use Acrobat.com to store your files in the cloud for free, accessing them from Acrobat or Reader on your desktop or mobile device.*

Acrobat XI Pro system requirements Windows :

* 1.3GHz or faster processor
* Microsoft® Windows® XP with Service Pack 3 for 32 bit or Service Pack 2 for 64 bit; Windows Server® 2003 R2 (32 bit and 64 bit); Windows Server 2008 or 2008 R2 (32 bit and 64 bit); Windows 7 (32 bit and 64 bit); Windows 8 (32 bit and 64 bit)
* 512MB of RAM (1GB recommended)
* 1.85GB of available hard-disk space
* 1024x768 screen resolution
* DVD-ROM drive
* Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9, or 10; Firefox Extended Support Release; Chrome
* Video hardware acceleration (optional)

Note: For 64-bit versions of Windows Server 2003 R2 and Windows XP (with Service Pack 2), Microsoft Update KB930627 is required.

Languages : Italian, Portuguese (BR), Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Slovak, Slovenian, Polish, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Ukrainian

Homepage :  
http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobatpro.html