This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Vogues - The Vogues' Greatest Hits (1988)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41369NB6BEL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Jason Ankeny):

Harmony-pop vocal group the Vogues were formed in 1960 by lead baritone Bill Burkette, baritone Don Miller, first tenor Hugh Geyer, and second tenor Chuck Blasko, who were all high school friends from Turtle Creek, PA. Originally dubbed the Val-Aires, the foursome eventually signed to the tiny Co & Ce label, reaching the number four spot in the autumn of 1965 with "You're the One"; the Vogues' most memorable hit, the classic "Five O'Clock World," cracked the Top Five before the year ended as well. Two more Top 40 entries, "Magic Town" and "The Land of Milk and Honey," followed in 1966, and when the group resurfaced in 1968 with the Top Ten smash "Turn Around, Look at Me," they had jumped to major label Reprise. The single, the Vogues' lone million-seller, anticipated the lighter, more sophisticated approach of subsequent hits like "My Special Angel," "Till," and "No, Not Much." Despite no further chart action from 1970 onward, various Vogues lineups continued touring oldies circuits for years to come.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-vogues-p5769/biography

All Music Album Review (by Steve Leggett):

A doo wop vocal group from the Pittsburgh area, the Vogues started well in the mid-'60s with "You're the One," an infectious bit of folk-rock with enough of a British Invasion feel to earn it heavy play on AM radio. "Five O'Clock World" was an even better single, a two-minute blast of timeless release, chronicling the feel of getting off work with the whole night still ahead, that one instant when everything is a possibility and the future has not yet arrived with its schedule of deadlines and pressures. Few pop songs have ever caught that moment with more élan or conviction. Unfortunately "Five O'Clock World" was to be a high-water mark for the Vogues, and although they enjoyed more chart success during the 1960s, particularly with their biggest seller, the ultraromantic "No, Not Much," they never really built a distinctive body of work. This set from Rhino combines their early singles for Co & Ce Records with the later work from Warner Brothers Records in an effective overview of the band's history. It's the best single disc of the Vogues out there, and really has everything you need, including that little miracle of a song, "Five O'Clock World."

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/greatest-hits-r21301

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000032CU

Track List:

01. You're The One
02. Five O'Clock World
03. Magic Town
04. The Land Of Milk And Honey
05. True Lovers
06. Just The Way You Are
07. Please Mr. Sun
08. Lovers Of The World Unite
09. Just What I've Been Looking For
10. Turn Around Look At Me
11. My Special Angel
12. Till
13. Woman Helping Man
14. No, Not Much
15. Earth Angel (Will You Be Mine)
16. Moments To Remember
17. Green Fields
18. Hey, That's No Way To Say Goodbye
