88 min  -  Animation | Action | Sci-Fi  -  9 April 2013 (Italy)
IMDB rating: 5.3

Iron Man is framed by a technological terrorist, and breaks out to stop him and clear his name.

Director: Hiroshi Hamazaki
Writers: Brandon Auman (story), Don Heck (characters)

Norman Reedus ... Frank Castle / The Punisher (voice)
Matthew Mercer ... Tony Stark / Iron Man (voice)
Eric Bauza ... Ezekiel Stane / Technovore (voice)
Kate Higgins ... Pepper Potts (voice)
James C. Mathis III ... James 'Rhodey' Rhodes / War Machine (voice) (as James Mathis III)
Kari Wahlgren ... Maria Hill (voice)
Clare Grant ... Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow (voice)
Troy Baker ... Clint Barton / Hawkeye / J.A.R.V.I.S. (voice)
Tara Platt ... Sasha Hammer (voice)
JB Blanc ... Obadiah Stane (voice)
John Eric Bentley ... Nick Fury (voice)
Liam O'Brien ... Additional Voices (voice)
Dave Wittenberg ... Additional Voices (voice)
Travis Willingham ... Additional Voices (voice) 

Release Date: 21/04/2013 
Source: Retail R1 NTSC DVD9
Main Movie: Video ~ Untouched

Audio ~ English 5.1, Japanese 5.1

Subs ~ English, Chinese, French, Korean, Portuguese
Spanish, Thai

Extras: Trailer

IMDB link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2654124/

Looking for: (pre)retail suppliers; all regions

private affil sites

private encode servers

NFO updated: 01/01/2012
ignition@hush.ai

Greets go out to all the groups working for the real scene
especially our friends and/or competition in:

AODiSO B1L ELiXiR EMX iNVADERS LEViTY Ltu

NEBULA NiTRO Replica RSG TNAN VoMiT

The Animation is probably the strongest part of this installment of this Iron Man production. The Voice Acting could use some work on the supporting cast though. The story begins as we are placed dead centre in the middle of another technological marvel as Stark is trying to change the world. However bad guys don't take a Vacation. Stark has to fix things before its too late. And that's my problem with this movie. The only sense of urgency seems to come from Stark and its not very convincing because the Antagonist is way too enigmatic. Even when the pseudo-philosophical mechanized angst driven plot unravels you don't really care, assuming you understand what everyone's motives actually are. The Antagonist is dreary, his monologuing is distracting and his intentions in-genuine. However, cameo appearances from a few heroes in Marvel universe make up for this. Overall its a shaky 7/10. It could have been 30 mins shorter and just as sweet. 