Aidfile recovery Pro

Aidfile recovery software is an easy-to-use and powerful hard disk data recovery tool specialized in recovering deleted / formatted files or lost files resulting from corrupted partition table, at an easy manner. It could recover files and data from FAT32 partition as well as from NTFS, exFAT.
As for recovering the accidentally deleted files, Aidfile recovery software has absolute advantage over any other similar software on the market. Also, Aidfile data recovery software can help you recover all files from formatted partition, scanning the directory structure of FAT32/ NTFS/ ex-FAT partition, recovering all files with the original file name and directory structure no matter what is the type of the original partition. WhatΓÇÖs more, if the Partition corruption is not very bad, it could scanning the files at lightning speed and directly lists all the data, shortening the recovering time as much as possible.

Professional and best file recovery software to do format-recovery, unformat and recover deleted files emptied from Recycle Bin or lost data due to partition loss or damage, software crash, virus infection, unexpected shutdown or any other unknown reasons.
For the mistakenly deleted files, Aidfile data recovery software has much better recovery effect than other softwares; for the mistakenly formatted partitions, it can scan the FAT32/NTFS/exFAT partitioned directory structure, and no matter what type the original partition is, it can recover the directoryΓÇÖs structure levels. In addition, if the partitions are not destroyed so badly, it can scan and list the data at a lightning speed, thus shortens the time for file recovery to the best of its ability; for the lost of partitions due to wrongly deleting the partitions or damage of the partition tables and the partitions that cannot be recovered by other partition tables, our software can also easily scan and recover them, not to mention that it supports rapid scanning and recovery of GPT hard disc partition of Vista, Win7 and Windows 8, etc.; for the damage of the big directories of partitions that cause many fragments, this software can restore them to the original directory structure and, the effect of recovery is the best of its kind.

Aidfile data recovery can recover the data while there is an error happens to your software, for example: partition error writing, unintentional formatting, accidentally deletion, false backup, MBR losing, bad sector of BOOT, virus attack, Hackers Attack, conversion error, partition logic error, logical bad sectors of hard drives, partition table lost, etc. The success rate is exclusively high.

Supported OS:

Windows 2000,XP,2003,2008,2012,Vista;Window 7,Windows 8,(32&64) .

Homepage: http://www.aidfile.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name and key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.