
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Tomb Raider (c) Square Enix

04-03-2013......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type - Disk(s).................1 BLURAY

RELEASE NOTES

Tomb Raider explores the intense and gritty origin story of Lara Croft
and her ascent from a young woman to a hardened survivor. Armed only
with raw instincts and the ability to push beyond the limits of human
endurance, Lara must fight to unravel the dark history of a forgotten
island to escape its relentless hold. Download the Turning Point
trailer to see the beginning of Lara's epic adventure.

Features:

Smart / Resourceful Lara  Lara must use her brawn and her brains to
overcome an impossible situation. The player must guide Lara through
physics puzzles, challenging environments, and a high-octane story to
overcome a harrowing situation and make it off of the island alive.

Combat - Tomb Raider is pushing the action genre forward with visceral
third-person combat and a deep weapon and gear upgrade system that Lara
will have to strategically employ to overcome increasingly difficult
enemies and environments, all with a unique Survival Action twist.

Dynamic Traversal  it wouldnt be Tomb Raider without certain
signature elements. In addition to platforming, Lara will have to
explore large areas to earn experience points that will upgrade her
weapons and gear. One of the key elements of dynamic traversal is the
gear gating gameplay loop: over the course of the game, Lara will
continually improve her gear and will be able to reach previously
inaccessible locations that will allow her to upgrade her gear and
weapons even further.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
install folder and overwrite
5. Block the game in your firewall if needed
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision