[INFO S1]

Hailing from The Year of Our Lord Two Thousand and
Eleven, "The Hero Yoshihiko and the Demon King’s
Castle" (Yuusha Yoshihiko to Maou no Shiro) is a
12-episodes, late-night adventure drama. The story
focuses on the adventures of Yoshihiko, a young
man who sets forth on a journey to save his
village from a deadly plague, and the companions
that join him on the way to the eponymous Demon
King’s Castle.

Touting itself as "A no-budget action-adventure
series", Yoshihiko is an officially sanctioned
love letter to SquareEnix’s Dragon Quest series,
with a great attention to detail and to the common
JRPG tropes. Dragon Quest fans should easily
recognize all these nods on this first episode,
down to the Hero’s clothes (taken straight from
DQV), the monsters, the battle sounds, etc. The
show also features several cameos from japanese tv
stars and manzai duos (which might be where most
of the budget went to).

These following episodes will be brought to you by
the lovely KouAidou and Lynxara, who took a break
from their busy schedule to work on this silly
show. We hope you enjoy them as much as we do!

[CODEC INFO]
Stream 0
	Type: Video
	Codec: H264 - MPEG-4 AVC (part 10) (avc1)
	Resolution: 1280x720
	Frame rate: 29.970628
	Decoded format: Planar 4:2:0 YUV

Stream 1
	Type: Audio
	Codec: MPEG AAC Audio (mp4a)
	Channels: Stereo
	Sample rate: 48000 Hz

Stream 2
	Type: Subtitle
	Codec: Substation Alpha subtitles (ssa )


[INFO S2]
So here we are again, with a New Game+ (and
season) of The Hero Yoshihiko! The last time we
saw our heroes, they were off to a new journey,
their paths divided by fate. This time, we’ve got
11 episodes worth of low-budget adventures
scheduled, and while the creators may claim they
didn’t up the budget a tiny bit, we know better.
With that OP, the season should be looking fuglier
than usual but it doesn’t!

Once again, huge thanks to Kou and Lynxara for
making this release possible. May their infinite
wit and wisdom make this show more enjoyable to
you.

You’ll notice there’s a crossed-out link for the
notes. It’ll be non-crossed out sometime this
weekend. God knows I’m gonna take ages typing them
out, so bear with me a li’l bit longer! There
should be some hidden inside the script, if you’re
dying to find out about some japanese jokes.

In the meantime, there is one thing you should
know: starting from this episode we’ll be
correcting the wizard’s spelling from Melub to
Mereb, to match what’s on the new OP. The incoming
batch of S1 will have v2s with this correction.

Another thing you should know: we actually got
caps for this whole season. This means we’ll be
encoding Yoshihiko in 10bit just like the Super
Hero Time weeklies. If you really need 720p 8bit
Yoshihiko encodes, there should be some at
D-Addicts. The raws are cut similarly, so the .ass
files should match them closely at least. I think.
Maybe. Somebody should check that out!

[SOURCE]
They will be uploading subbed versions over at
[Over-Time]  
http://over-ti.me/releases/the-hero-yoshihiko-and-the-key-of-evil-spirits-01/


[CODEC INFO]
Stream 0
	Type: Video
	Codec: H264 - MPEG-4 AVC (part 10) (avc1)
	Resolution: 1280x720
	Frame rate: 47.952047
	Decoded format: Planar 4:2:0 YUV 10-bit LE

Stream 1
	Type: Audio
	Codec: MPEG AAC Audio (mp4a)
	Channels: Stereo
	Sample rate: 48000 Hz		