#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-25-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Tom Horn, Joel Garbon

In the first half, researcher of ancient mythology and paranormal phenomena, Tom Horn, updated the story of how the Vatican could be preparing for ET disclosure, and discussed his visit to the Vatican Astronomical Technology Telescope. Interestingly, about three weeks before Pope Benedict resigned, Horn had predicted that his resignation was imminent. He based this partially on a 61-year-old French codex called "The Mysterious Prophecy of the Popes" by Jesuit Rene Thibault, who wrote back in 1952 that the Pope would step down to make way for the Final Pope in April 2012.

When Horn and his co-author Cris Putnam visited the Vatican Telescope on Mount Graham in Arizona, they were able to interview several priests and astronomers there, and learned some fascinating information. According to their sources, the Vatican's interest in astronomy relates to their quest to pinpoint certain exoplanets, and advanced alien intelligences. Some of the staff there spoke openly about UFOs, and noted that intelligently controlled crafts had frequently been observed in deep space. "Some of these Jesuits believe that official disclosure is imminent," and new dogma is being drafted that will say that the world is soon going to look to aliens for their salvation, he reported. Horn also shared an intriguing revelation about his brother-in-law, who worked on a top secret project at Los Alamos Lab. One night, under the influence of alcohol, he told his family that the Lab was involved in the 'alien agenda.' After this incident, he disappeared, and was never heard from again.

--------------------------------------

In the second half, consultant Joel Garbon discussed his 25 years of travels through a fascinating international scene some call the free energy underground, and detailed how energy breakthroughs have been suppressed. His organization, the New Energy Movement, is a grassroots, non-profit outreach effort for the public to become aware of technologies that aren't receiving mainstream attention. The class of technology involving cold fusion, initially produced startling results, but then was generally dismissed. This rush to judgment did a great disservice to the technology, Garbon commented. But now 24 years later, cold fusion has been declared to be real, and a number of companies and start ups, such as Brillouin Energy are experimenting with various techniques. These technologies may eventually be used to heat water, and generate steam. Italian inventor Andrea Rossi has gotten a lot of attention for his process, he added.

A colleague of Garbon's has been investigating many different technologies and has come up with a self-charging energy device shaped like a coin, that is comprised of very thin layers of nanomaterials, and could possibly be incorporated into smaller electronics like cell phones. So often our elected leaders don't have the public's interest at heart when it comes to developing new energy technology, he remarked. His team provides a technology vetting service for inventors that are springing up from all over, though sometimes the inventors have not done front end testing of their products in advance that would make their performance claims valid.

News segment guests: Lauren Weinstein, Christian Wilde
Website(s):

    raidersnewsupdate.com
    prophecyofthepopes.com
    exovaticana.com
    breakthroughpower.net
    newenergymovement.org

Book(s):

    Petrus Romanus: The Final Pope Is Here
    Exo-Vaticana
    Breakthrough Power

