“The Ethradon Awakening & The Ashalum Chamber, Etheric Gateway to the Stars” - Recorded live in Morocco May/June 2005. The topics and techniques covered in this workshop include “Awakening the Ethradon” (the fourth ‘radon cell’ activation), “The Arc of the Covenant of Love” and the “Rainbow Bridge”, the Psonns of Passage and the “SE’- da celebration circles”, the “Ethason alliance”,  the “Ra-Sha-LA” and the “Um-Shaddh-Eie”, purging the “Tauren Body”, “Inorganics” and the “CALOR force”, “Taming the Tauren” and related techniques, the Arametena Passage, the Ashalum chamber, the “Ra-Sha-Hallah”, “Ra-Sha-LA” & “Ra-Sha-LA-ah” bodies, the Veils of the Ra-Sha-Hallah, the Seals of the Ra-Sha-LA, the Transcendental passages and finally, “Trans-identity Consciousness”.

Exquisite footage in this workshop will take the viewer on a journey with Team Indigo through Morocco’s glorious mountain deserts, Atlas Mountains, sweeping plains, bustling sea-side communities and colorful market places while they join the Emerald Covenant races in fulfilling the “Rainbow-Bridge Mission”, also known as the “Covenant of Love”. Team Indigo commences this mission with the introduction of the wonderful Songs of the Rainbow-Bridge, songs with origins in the English, Eieyani, AdonA and Haah’TUr languages. Join the Team as they travel throughout Morocco on an “official ambassador” tour, singing the Sacred SE-da Songs,and in doing so, assist the Guardian races in reuniting the 12 Human Races, referred to at this workshop for the first time, as the “12 Ray-sa’s” (Ray-Sa = carrier of the RAYS). Many Moroccans (particularly the Berbers) have ancient connections to the Kantarians and the long lost Procyone Races of Sirius C and many are still the “keepers of the Ethradon Seal Keys” that activate specific Earth grids in Morocco. Team Indigo’s presence and activities in Morocco during the Ethradon awakening in turn assists in the activation of these Ethradon Seal keys which in turn sets the final Ethradon Awakening in motion (the final of the four “Radon cell” activations which have included the Nadradon, Zendradon and Kethradon awakenings). This workshop covers the information on the relationship between the Ethradon awakening and the anchoring of the “Ashalum Passage”, another passage needed in addition to the Arametana pathway and the Rama and Polarian Gate systems to ensure a successful planetary Starburst process.

In this workshop, the viewer is introduced to valuable new information on the true nature of our “perceptual filters” and how the activities of the “Tauren Body” (also known as the “Demon Within” and originator of the “Glamour”), the metatronic “Calor Force” the “inorganics” and “Out of Control Aspects” (OOCA) within our crystal bodies can exacerbate the prejudice, fear and suspicion generated by our perceptual filters. There is also information on the origins and consequences of the Tauren Body and importantly, techniques on how to “tame the Tauren” within us, particularly when experiencing emotional turmoil. The techniques involve use of our newly birthed Ra-Sha-LA body (our Monadic Selves) to assist in clearing the “Calorene Force” in our surroundings, belongings and in loved ones (while observing strict Kristic protocols). The techniques also involve the use of powerful 3-point activation” breaths and both encrypted and unencrypted E-Cou-Sha-crystal replicas. Another important technique introduced at this workshop is the “Sadhi” sleep state, a state where one can take short physical rest periods (after the Dial-up) for ‘refreshment’ of energy levels and to receive transmissions from our Christos levels and higher. Finally, this workshop introduces more of the fascinating anatomy of the Monad and its formation through the complex interaction of phasing of the 1st and 2nd Partiki that characterize God Source. This anatomy encompasses the First creational Sound Tones associated with the first in-breaths and out-breaths of God Source consciousness and which have ‘evolved’ into the many of the Sacred Sound tones and words that we know today, such as “TRa-Na-TiE” or as we know it, “Trinity”. This same anatomy encompasses the structure of the Inner Hub Worlds, also known as the “Bud” Worlds, home to the High Council Hub Masters, the HaahTUr’s, (Founders and Guardian Races from the Eckasha-A level of Creation) and from which all the “Outer” God Worlds originate. Comes with 12 page supplement containing the Psonns of Passage.