[HandsOnHardcore] Gina, Vanda (Lust Beats A Cold! / 01.10.2013)

Who Needs Aspirin When you have Vanda and Gina to Take Care of you When You're under the weather? No sooner does David Perry finish blowing his nose than he has Vanda (in the purple top) blowing his dick and Gina (in the striped blouse) kissing his mouth. Lust conquers all, even germs! Soon both girls are enjoying his prick, which obviously has not been affected by his cold. Gina vacuums his sac into her mouth, then sucks and licks his rigid inches before turning them over to Vanda. David shows ever-increasing energy, standing over the girls as they serve his cock with their mouths. Then Vanda kneels in doggie style so she can receive the Perry pork at the same time she licks the Gina gash. Vanda then rides David's cock like a cowgirl while he smooches with Gina, who then moves over to lick her girlfriend's nipples before taking David's dingus back in her mouth. David plays with Vanda's veeg while Gina gorges on his girth, and then Gina sits on his face while he fucks Vanda spoon-style. Who said this guy had a cold?? He's loaded with vim and vigor now! Must be all the orange juice he was drinking to get better ... anyway, Gina rides his johnson and Vanda takes it out of her snatch from time to time to suck. Then both girls take it doggie style from Mr. Perry. The ladies kiss, with Gina riding his prick and Vanda sitting on his face, and then Vanda shifts to suck his cock and balls. For the ultimate in health care, Gina then takes David's dong into her asshole, but then his meat finds its way quickly into Vanda's mouth again. Then David fucks Gina's butt once more and he blows his load all over her rosebud, a mess which Vanda is only too happy to lick up. We wonder if all this sex was recommended by David's doctor, because it sure looks like he made ΓÇïΓÇïa remarkable recovery in no time! 

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=9rc9wv0ntm8ppnpcj3b7.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=yi3q678h3pc9i17nexk3.jpg