This is a .wmv recording of a live stream of episode 2 of Gypsy Sisters on TLC.

First of all I would like to say thank you to everyone who has helped me seed my torrents and also to those who have taken the time to comment. Positive or negative, you did take the time to comment and not everyone does that, so thank you.

In regards to the quality of the video & the file extensions of the video files I am sharing :

1. I DO state in the description what the file type is and I have also been very upfront that these files are NOT of a great quality.

2. As far as the file types/extensions go, the program I am using to record has chosen either the .flv type or the other one chooses .wmv. I am not experienced in all things encoding or really know much about converting something without making the quality poorer then it already is. I myself am ok with the file types it records in. They play in VLC media player and that's all I could ask for. If you want .mp4 or something perhaps you know how to convert and can do that so you can watch it in that format. I don't have time to sit and fiddle and learn how to convert into all these formats that are more popular. 

3. I have only recently learned how to record these shows from live streams. I intended to record them for myself and then thought perhaps I would share and give something back to the community that has shared with me for so long. I am not intending to be the next eztv or whomever. I just simply thought I would share a few files in case there was anyone out there like myself who wanted to see these shows but maybe doesn't have a lot of bandwidth and is ok with the quality not being top notch or doesn't mind seeing Jenelle Evans every facial expression not in high definition. lol

The gist of it is I really am just trying to give something to this community. I've never been anything but honest about the quality of my files. Either you are OK with that and willing to download or you're willing to wait for someone to share a better quality video. It's up to you! Either way have fun and share, share, share! :)