Kind: MPEG audio file
Bit Rate: 320 kbps
Sample Rate 44.100 kHz


Disclosure presents The Face EP

Avoca Drive, the new label partnership from Andrew Jackson (Milton Archer) and Claire Collins (Bossy Music), is pleased to present The Face, the new EP from rising production duo DISCLOSURE, released globally on 4 June 2012.  It is currently sitting at #4 with a bullet on the iTunes Electronic Chart, just hours after its release.

DISCLOSURE (aka brothers Guy and Howard Lawrence, aged 17 and 20 respectively) have been playlisted by Radio 1, received enthusiastic co-signs from Pitchfork, FACT, Fader and The Guardian, toured the UK and Europe and supported SBTRKT on his UK tour.  With its addictive sunshine sound, their latest EP looks set to compound DISCLOSURE’s growing reputation as the UK’s most exciting – and uplifting – new producers.

Blending deep house bass lines, Dilla-esque snares and melodic two-step top lines, The Face showcases DISCLOSURE as producers with a sonic maturity beyond their years.  And despite its uptempo BPM, it’s a sound that Disclosure insist owes as much to ‘90s Hip Hop as it does to Detroit House and UK Garage.

Opening track Boiling perfectly embodies that aspiration, with fellow British wunderkind Sinead Harnett’s soulful vocal searing through the track’s buttery bassline.  Musical inspirations ranging from Moodymann and Kerri Chandler to MJ Cole and Artful Dodger, emerge in the UKG-influenced Control, which showcases the talents of rising British singer Ria Ritchie.  Meanwhile the sunny synths on Lividup and gasping lyrics of What’s In Your Head will be heard in clubs and festivals all summer long.

The Face is only the beginning of DISCLOSURE’s journey.  Having racked up hundreds of thousands of Soundcloud plays with their remixes for Jessie Ware and Emeli Sande, the boys are currently working towards a much-anticipated debut album.  And with their debut EP Carnival / I Love That…You Know clocking up over 50,000 downloads in over 150 countries to date, DISCLOSURE have proved that their distinctively British style of music has true global appeal