In THE ASYLUM Volume 1, Shaun T trained you inside the Athletic Matrix to amp up your agility, speed, and power. Now Shaun takes your skills to the next level with his INSANITY: THE ASYLUM Volume 2 workouts-the next 30 days of pro athlete training designed to get your body leaner, faster, and stronger than ever. So you not only defeat the competition. You CRUSH IT! 

Shaun has developed 7 new all-star workouts that utilize complex agility moves, fat-scorching endurance drills, world-class power sequences, and other high-velocity techniques to test you, motivate you, and skyrocket your game to its highest level. 

Plus you get the ASYLUM Volume 2 Calendar to track your upward progress, Shaun T's Get Shredded Volume 2 Nutrition Plan, and The Playbook. 

YOUR INSANITY: THE ASYLUM Volume 2 workout program includes: 

X Trainer 
Each of THE ASYLUM Volume 1 workouts tested your speed, strength, power, OR agility. THE ASYLUM Volume 2's X Trainer tests it ALL! Challenging your mind and body on every level, this action-packed drill sequence will have you swimming in a pool of sweat. (50 minutes) 

Upper Elite 
Develop a superior upper-body with Shaun's dynamic training sets. This progressive workout is designed to chisel your shoulders, biceps, triceps, chest, and back-intimidating your opponents before the game even begins. (60 minutes) 

Ab Shredder 
This ab-torching workout will leave your entire body trembling. No sit-ups or crunches-just the most insane midsection shred moves of pro athletes. Your abs will be screaming for mercy. (20 minutes) 

Power Legs 
A quick, strong, responsive lower body is key to a dominant performance. Gain that elite competitive edge by punishing your quads, hammies, glutes, and calves with this maximum muscle-recruitment workout. (55 minutes) 

Back & 6-Pack 
Build a lean, strong center with this 360-degree workout. Your back and abs working together at a high level is key to delivering elite performance. These core-crushing moves help you blow past your limits. (40 minutes) 

Championship + Bonus! Fit Test (Sudden Death OT) 
You raced to Game Day victory in THE ASYLUM Volume 1. Now, compete for THE ASYLUM Volume 2 Championship. This time. . . Shaun puts you through the Fit Test at the END! Good luck. (60 minutes) 

Off-Day Stretch 
Maximize the abilities of your inner athlete. This elite stretch routine will relieve your aching muscles, improve your flexibility, and refocus your mind - ┬¥so you're ready to crush it in your next competition. (30 minutes) 

Agility Tutorial 
Shaun T gives you a step-by-step breakdown of his 8 mind-twisting agility moves, so you'll be a pro when it comes time to hop in the ladder. Don't be fooled by the title. . . This tutorial┬¥ is a competitive workout in itself. How fast can you break out? (25 minutes) 

Bonus! Game-Changing Tools 

30-day ASYLUM Volume 2 Wall Calendar 
Stay committed to seeing exceptional results by crossing off each day's workout as you go. 

60-day ASYLUM Volume 1/Volume 2 Hybrid Calendar 
If you're crazy enough to take on more, then double your championship efforts with this results-accelerating schedule of THE ASYLUM Volume 1/Volume 2 workouts. 

The Playbook 
Map out your next 30 days of extraordinary transformation with this step-by-step smart guide. 

3-Step Quick-Start Guide 

Get Shredded Volume 2 
Don't just train elite. EAT ELITE. Here's more of what you loved about THE ASYLUM Volume 1 meal planner ┬¥Shaun's favorite recipes. You may even get abs like Shaun T. Or at least your very own 6-pack. 