18yr old southern girl, in her first ever porn. Over the knee spanking, brutal deep sex! | Mattie Borders | Matt Williams

June 3, 2013 


MP4 only.

 
Welcome Mattie Borders to Sexually Broken. This adorable 18 year old is doing her first ever scene and she hand picked this site to do it on. Mattie found us on Fetlife, then contacted us to work, and now here she is. It's really that simple.

Now what to do with a 18 year old who likes bondage, spankings and rough sex? We must tread carefully. We don't want to scare off the new girl, but we need to push and test her. We toss a ball gag at her and tell her to put it on tight, then we flip her some steel handcuffs. She locks them on, and just like that she's a little helpless slut. 

We make her show off her sexy nubile body. We pull her over our knee, and give her a healthy spanking. We get her sexy ass bright pink, she struggles but we are firm. We shove Mattie to her knees, take off the gag and impale her sweet mouth with hard cock. 

Mattie has never deep throated before, never had a cock slip past her lips and go down her throat. Today she takes it and takes it hard. We rock her mouth and throat with cock. With her hands still cuffed behind, she endures a brutal face fucking for the first time. After we walk her over to the wall, we fuck her upside down face. The cock slides easily down her helpless throat. Next we move to her sexy, tight pussy and give it a good cervix pounding. Since this is her first time, we drag her to the cage so she has some time to let it all sink in. We can't wait to see what the next scene brings! 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/06_03mborders/SexuallyBroken-Mattie-Borders-Matt-Williams-18yr-old-southern-girl-in-her-first-ever-porn-Over-the-knee-spanking-brutal-deep-sex.php

11 000 uploads and counting, 12k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

