Ever wonder why you felt like shit?
Were you really put or chose to appear on this planet, 
to suffer?

----
Many people on north america and others suffer cycling unexplained pain, depression, etc. Doctors [literally: adulterers, by title] are worthless: only offering to give something for the symptoms, and essentially, by license, restricted from offering anything to cure.

We know about the benefits of the GAPS type diet, and paleo. Quitting improperly-prepared grains helps the endocrine system to normalize.

However, many are left with decades of being biological sponges, absorbing fluorine and bromine which have been dumped in the environment. Healthy kidneys are reported to only release 50% of these toxic absorbed halides. Where do the rest go? Into fat tissue, and onto receptors designed for natural iodine. The whole endocrine system and as a result, the rest of the body malfunction over time, and this rolls, getting worse as time goes on, not better, even if exposure of the body to these toxins is reduced. 

Plus, many of us are aware of reports of heavy metals being present in various sources including vaccines. Regardless of the source, these also tend to remain in the body. Many of my own private clients have reported the 'metalic taste' in the mouth, as a result of detox. Where did this come from? 

Numerous people I have directly assisted, as well as thousands on the yahoo iodine group, report many successes by using iodine to detox from endocrine-destablizing lifestyles. There is no doubt, the confluence of improperly-prepared (unleavened) grains, and deliberate introduction of iodine/endocrine disruptors, along with the combination of iodine malnutrition, have contributed to the worst epidemic of -until now- unresolved endocrine disorders on north america, europe, and in various places on the planet.

---
I myself am disabled with an 'organic brain disorder', however, managed to concentrate enough to do the above writing on-the-fly, so those brothers who are searching can use the information and find relief. Thanks to the combined health effects of iodine and other methods mentioned and not mentioned, it is possible to write such an above text. Please do not contact me with your hate-issues as you have absorbed iodine-phobia as much as other toxins. Hosting this page over the years from a small laptop, it needs to find itself on computers intact, in it's original form, all over the planet so others may benefit more rapidly. Most often the 'problem' is never outside, at least not in a victim-way; that is entirely up to you.