Beachbody's TAI CHENG (DELUXE) MASTER KIT

Your body can feel younger in just 90 days.
Want to rediscover a level of strength and energy you may not have felt in years? Explore a natural approach that can help restore your body's youthful range of motion and help reduce pain naturally. Now there's a simple solution, designed for lifelong activity and real, lasting fitnessΓÇöTai Cheng!

The secret is Dynamic Motion Control
The Tai Cheng┬« workout helps you master the 18 key healing movements of Tai Chi in just 90 days. But we don't think you'll have to wait 90 days to feel the benefits. From your very first workout, you can be on your way to a more active life with less pain. And with more activity comes better overall health!

Easy to follow and easy to master
You can increase strength and help reduce pain and stiffness as you learn the first 6 basic moves of Tai Chi.
Discover how to boost energy and build better balance by mastering the next 6 moves.
Imagine feeling the power of youth reinvigorate your body as you master the final 6 moves and learn to combine them in a single, graceful Tai Cheng┬« routine.
You have become a Tai Chi master in just 90 days.

Dr. Cheng will take you step by step through all of the Tai Cheng moves you've learned in one graceful, yet powerful sequence. You'll perform it at 3 speeds: slow to challenge your balance, stability, and strength; a moderate pace to get more comfortable with the sequence; and fast, designed to create a flowing healing energy throughout your body.

Learn the ancient practice of Qi Gong breathing exercises and techniques from Dr. Cheng, improve your mental clarity, also learn to get more out of the Tai Cheng exercises. Begin with the "Energizing Series", then advance to "Level 1" for relaxation and increase the flow of oxygen to your body, and finally "Level 2", where you can focus on breath control to develop and move energy.

Equipment Needed:
RumbleRoller
Weighted Gloves
High Resistance Strength Band

Note: This is a combination of the Base and Master package.
Enjoy, have fun and Seed.

