Bad Piggies 1.3.0 (2013)

PC | English | Developer: Rovio Mobile | 27.5 MB
Genre: Action, Puzzle

From the creators of Angry Birds: an all new game from the PIGS’ point of view! Create the ultimate flying/crawling/rolling/spinning/crashing device and pilot the pigs safely to the eggs! The Bad Piggies are after the eggs again -- but as usual, nothing is going according to plan! Can you create the ultimate flying machine and steer them safely to their destination? Those tricky pigs have a few objects they can use, but they need your help to turn these into the perfect transportation! With more than 60 levels, and free updates coming up, you have hours and hours of pig-crashing, exploding, and flying fun! Get three stars on every level to unlock 30 more puzzles! HINT: Sometimes you need to play the level several times to achieve all the objectives -- try building a new device or steering in a different way to earn all the stars!

The Bad Piggies are after the eggs again -- but as usual, nothing is going according to plan! Can you create the ultimate flying machine and steer them safely to their destination? Those tricky pigs have a few objects they can use, but they need your help to turn these into the perfect transportation!

With more than 114 levels, and free updates coming up, you have hours and hours of pig-crashing, exploding, and flying fun! Get three stars to unlock 21 more levels! HINT: Sometimes you need to play the level several times to achieve all the objectives -- try building a new device or steering in a different way to earn all the stars!

Features
● 114 levels crammed with flying/driving/crashing fun!
● 21 additional levels unlocked by getting three stars!
● Free updates!
● 5 sandbox levels to stretch your creativity, plus Junkyard available as IAP!
● Ultra-special, ultra-secret, ultra-difficult sandbox level to unlock by collecting all the skulls!
● 33 objects to create the ultimate machine: motors, wings, fans, bottle rockets, umbrellas, balloons, and much more!

Mechanic Pig
● Need help? This little piggy will build it for you!
● Mechanic pig pre-assembles transport for you!
● All you have to do is pilot it!
● Tweak his design to get all three stars!

Field of Dreams
● Our BIGGEST sandbox ever, with the biggest gadget set!
● No limits to your creativity in this massive sandbox!
● A new IAP for the ultimate Bad Piggies fan!

ScreenS:
-------- 
http://pixhost.me/pictures/2549585 
http://pixhost.me/pictures/2549586