Alive Software FlipCreator

FlipCreator is a digital publishing software that allows you to create realistic page-turning e-Publications including E-Book, E-Magazine, E-Brochures, E-Catalogs, E-Reports, E-Newsletters. Convert PDF and images to digital publications directly. All links and table of contents will be imported into your publication automatically. You can add/edit/delete links and table of contents before publishing. Powerful features that fit your need. Incredibly intuitive and user friendly interface let you publish your publication in a few clicks. You can also right click on PDF and convert it to publication directly.

Easy to use.
With our easy to use interface, you can make a digital publication in a few mouse clicks! Even a new user, you can use FlipCreator within a couple of minutes without any special learning.

FlipCreator also supports right click operation, this feature allows you to create a digital publication with only TWO clicks.

Add web links, email links, Goto page links to pages.
Hyperlinks can be inserted into any pages. It can be placed in any position with any size, of cause, you can also adjust it's position and size with drag-drop operations.

Add audio for page or background.
You can specify a audio for background. When reader opens the digital publication, the audio will be played automatically. You can also specify audio for each page. When reader turns to the involved page, the audio will be played.

Your readers can turn on/off the audio in settings interface after opening the publication.

Import table of contents from pdf, or Create it by yourself.
FlipCreator supports analyzing and importing table of contents from PDF files. After that, you can edit the imported table of contents. If you want to create it by yourself, instead of importing from PDF, or your PDF does not contain a table of contents, FlipCreator can help you to create table of contents for your digital publication.

Add bookmarks for you readers.
You can add bookmarks for some important pages. All your readers can see these bookmarks you define. On the other hand, FlipCreator also has the abiity to add bookmarks by your reader. But the differency is that these bookmarks are only visible to the person who create them.

Note: The bookmarks your reader created are saved into your reader's computer, so any other reader won't see it.

Generate Files for Search Engines.
FlipCreator can generate html files for search-engines to index. Once your submit one of these files to search engines, your publications will become searchable.

Show advertising banner to your readers.
You can add an advertising banner to the top of the "book". You can also add a intruction banner to the right hand side of the "book". The banner can be not only jpeg format, but also gif or flash animated banner.

An URL can be specified to the banner, when your readers click on the banner, the URL will be opened.

run FlipCreator from command line or your application.
The command line feature is provided for the advanced users. You can finish a publishing of digital publicaiton with command line. This feature allows you to call and run FlipCreator from command line or event your own application.

A digital publication can be created with the following command line: flipcreator D:PDFebook.pdf

Right click and publish in two cicks.
You don't need to start FlipCreator program. Just right click on PDF files in the Windows Explorer and select "Create digital publication with FlipCreator" menu item. The program will be started and the publishing of your digital publication will be finishing automatically.

FlipCreator is integrated into Windows Explorer, so you can finish a publishing with only 2 clicks.

Vestibulum sed ante. Donec sagittis euismod purus.
FlipCreator supports drag & drop operation. So you can just drag the PDF and image files into the desktop icon of FlipCreator. FlipCreator will run automatically and create the publication, then close itself automatically. You can also drag the PDF or image files to the main interface of FlipCreator. The pages of your publication will be loaded from the PDF files or image files.

Note: You can also drag and drop the PDF files and image files to the desktop icon of FlipCreator to start the program and publish your digital publications.

Built-in FTP client.
FlipCreator is able to upload the published digital publication to your FTP server directly after you finish the publishing.

Read it offline.
We offer this feature for those readers who can't connect to the internet or don't want to read the publication online. It enables reader to download the publication onto the readers' hard drives, USB drives or CD/DVD, so that they can read the publication offline.

For your readers convenience, both of EXE and ZIP version are provided.

view previous or related digital editions.
It give your readers the ability to view previous or related digital publications. Like an eMagazine, you can show the links of the last two years' issues for your readers, so that they can easily access these issues by a couple of mouse clicks.

Share via email or share on Social Networks.
This feature allows your readers to share the ebooks they like via email or social networks, likeTwitter and MySpace.

Supported OS:

MS Windows All

Homepage: http://www.flipcreator.net/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key'
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
