Replace paper notebooks, but keep the same experiences. Handy Note, a powerful, but easy to use note-taking app.
★ AndroidAuthority: Almost like a real notebook ★ Gizmodo: One of the 10 Best S Pen Apps for the GALAXY Note II. ★ Applatter: An app for all your note-taking needs! ★ XDA: Awesome Note taking app
Features:
Input: put all following elements on the same page: text, handwriting, free drawing, photo, video, symbol, shape, SMS, contact, date/time, apps, and more.
Free layout: change element's size, color, background, and put them anywhere on pages freely.
Templates: built-in and downloadable templates to help you to organize your plans, shopping lists, class note, health staff, and others quickly.
Export: PDF, PNG, HNF format to/through Evernote cloud, Dropbox, SD card, email, Facebook.
Sync: auto sync with Dropbox among devices.
Phone & tablet: tuned for both phone and tablets.
Preview Widget: you can browser notebooks page by page on your Android desktop without open Handy Note.
Evernote: support Evernote cloud import and export as both Evernote and Handy Note file format.
Creative:
Magic Pen: improves handwriting quality significantly, no matter you are using finger or stylus. Samsung S Pen is supported.
Double Panel writing: allows you to write without stopping and feel like writing on a paper.
Notelet: inserting combinations of content / functions into a note just like put widget on your desktop. Date, Time, SMS, contact and more notelets included.
Editable handwriting: handle your handwriting just like editing text: copy & delete word by word, bulletin & numbering, alignment, and mix with text.
Addon: More templates, covers, symbols and functions (photo editor, personal information management) can be download and plugin.
Sync: The first note-taking app for real Dropbox auto and manual syncing.
★ Highlighted Reviews in Google Play ★
"Great App I use this almost everyday for work. Keeps my notes in order and keeps from having to carry a real notebook." - Aaron Medina
"Perfection	This app is the perfect partner to the Note's S-Pen, providing the perfect note taking solution, then combining with Evernote for perfect archiving and organization of those notes." - Ben Humphry
"Great, does what is supposed to do Very handy. You can mix any kind of data." - Filippos Fragoulis
"Superb!Amazing detail. My new favorite app!" - nassi ball
"Best note taking app on the market!!!	Ive used a few different note taking apps for my galaxy note including snote and none of them offer as much organized control of my note taking as much as handy note has! Thank you for this app!!!!!!!" - Gary Chambers
"Rating This app is really good and useful! Please keep on updating this app!!!!!!!!!!!!" - Shannen Millar