 	Publisher: The Guilford Press; 1 edition (June 20, 2002) PDF 278 Pages

Asperger Syndrome and high-functioning autism are detected earlier and more accurately today than ever before. Children and teens with these disorders often stand out for their precocious intelligence and language abilities--yet profound social difficulties can limit every aspect of their lives. This hopeful, compassionate guide shows parents how to work with their child's unique impairments and capabilities to help him or her learn to engage more fully with the world and live as self-sufficiently as possible. From leading experts in the field, the book is packed with practical ideas for helping children relate more comfortably to peers, learn the rules of appropriate behavior, and participate more fully in school and family life. It also explains what scientists currently know about autistic spectrum disorders and how they are diagnosed and treated. Real-life success stories, problem-solving ideas, and matter-of-fact advice on everything from educational placements to career planning make this an indispensable reference that families will turn to again and again.

About the Author
Sally Ozonoff, PhD, is an Associate Professor at the M.I.N.D. Institute, a national center for the study and treatment of autism spectrum disorders based at the University of California, Davis. She is widely known for her research, teaching, and clinical expertise in the areas of Asperger syndrome and high-functioning autism. Previously, she was Associate Professor of Psychology and Psychiatry and co-Director of the Autism Specialty Clinic at the University of Utah.

Geraldine Dawson, PhD, is Professor of Psychology and Founding Director of the Autism Center at the University of Washington. An internationally recognized expert on autism, Dr. Dawson has published numerous articles and books in the areas of early diagnosis, brain function, and development.

James McPartland is a doctoral candidate in child clinical psychology at the University of Washington.