This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


King Biscuit Boy - Urban Blues Re Newell (1995)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/610uKFeeVML._SL500_AA280_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: PLDS DVD+-RW DH-16AAS
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
Artwork folder
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by John Bush):

Richard Newell grew up in Canada listening to the blues. He learned to play the harmonica as a teenager and joined the Barons in 1961, releasing a single called "Bottleneck." In 1966, Newell left the band (then renamed Son Richard and the Chessmen) to join the Midknights, but then began playing with Ronnie Hawkins, who nicknamed him King Biscuit Boy. After playing with Hawkins for two years, he joined Crowbar and released Official Music (as King Biscuit Boy & Crowbar) in 1970. He recorded solo material sporadically throughout the '70s and '80s (including 1982's Mouth of Steel and Richard Newell A.K.A. King Biscuit Boy in 1988). Poor health due to alcoholism stunted his career through the 90's and on January 5, 2003 Newell succumbed to the disease at his home in Hamilton, Ontario.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/king-biscuit-boy-p30302

All Music Album Review (by Rose of Sharon Witmer):

King Biscuit Boy is considered by many to be the premier practitioner of blues harmonica in Canada. He has jammed with many great musicians, such as Muddy Waters, Allen Touissant, Dr. John, and John Lee Hooker. Although he has a number of critically acclaimed CDs, this is his first recording in 13 years. His given name is Richard Newell; hence, the CD's title, Urban Blues Re: Newell, both alludes to his own name and his re-emergence on the recording scene. There's little doubt that King Biscuit Boy is a more colorful name for a bluesman than the one his mom and dad gave him. This nickname was given to him by Ronnie Hawkins, with whom the blues harpist played for years. It has served him well in his native Canada, where he is much better known than in the United States. This CD, released in 1995, has garnered a lot of attention and praise. The award-winning recording contains both original material and some blues classics, all done in Biscuit's inimitable style on vocals and harmonica. The album opens with a Newell composition, "Now I'm Good," which sets the tone for the entire CD. The blues are played gritty and intense throughout. Standouts include "Cracked Up Over You," "Too Poor to Die," and "My Love Lies Bleeding." King Biscuit Boy is back.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/urban-blues-re-newell-r212821/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000001USJ

Track List:

01. Now I'm Good
02. Mighty Crazy
03. Before We Think
04. Cracked Up Over You
05. Glide N' Slide
06. Comin' Around The Corner
07. Too Poor To Die
08. Down On The Farm
09. That's No Lie
10. Chills & Fever
11. Fire
12. My Love Lies Bleeding
13. Achin' Head
