Endless Space (NATIVE OSX)

8/10 IGN
8/10 Gamespot

Features:

A BORN LEADER
Guide one of eight civilizations as you strive for galactic domination.
Control the entire galaxy through subtle trade and diplomacy.
Explore every corner of the universe to find powerful artifacts and resources.
Overwhelm other civilizations with your advanced technologies.
Destroy your enemies with massive armadas.

ENDLESS DISCOVERIES
Explore hundreds of star systems and master the mysteries beneath the Dust.
Exploit different planet types, luxuries and strategic resources.
Confront a host of strange scientific phenomena.
Hire heroes to become fleet admirals or system governors.
Discover five hero classes and their unique ability trees and specializations.

SPACE OPERA
Experience Endless Space with state-of-the-art graphics and interface.
Switch between strategic battle decisions and long-term planning.
Optimize each fleet for epic battles around contested stars.
Create the perfect combinations from dozens of unique ships per civilization.
Customize your ships with modules, armament, engines and special mods.

TAKE ON THE UNIVERSE
Play against up to seven opponents and build up - or break - alliances at will.
Discover an innovative and dynamic simultaneous turn-based gameplay.
Permit instant jump-in for your ongoing online games.
Define your own custom civilizations and confront the ones created by your friends.

ENDLESS REPLAYABILITY
Control every new game's scope, from a quick match-up to an endless war.
Generate an infinity of galaxies where every start begins a new adventure.
Modify the size, shape, density, age and a lot more to create your ideal galaxy.
Choose from different victory conditions and adapt your strategy on the fly.

CREATING GAMES2GETHER
Track the dev team's objectives, progress and achievements.
Participate in the creation of the game via the GAMES2GETHER initiative.
Access early versions of the game and give your feedback to the dev team.
Discuss actual and future features and expansions with the dev team.

Installation: Unzip, mount dmg and drag Endless Space.app to Applications.

Enjoy this native OSX game with great graphics and please seed!