Hi general football games fans ...

Play the new Football Manager game ...


FILE INFO : Rip with Repack with all the competitions and updated and available to play in 12 languages


New Features

Improved Match Engine

The 3D match engine has seen huge improvements this year. Everything on the pitch looks more realistic; from the stadiums, the players’ movement, intelligence, and the way the ball moves through the air. Hundreds of new animations to make the game feel more realistic and the whole experience is more televisual by introducing new camera angles and showing the kick-off and final whistle.

Training

This year sees a total revamp of team training, with a new simplified overview panel combining general training and match preparation. Choose your weekly team weekly, give the lads a rest after a big win or drag them into training the day after bad performance. You can now even send your coach to acquire more training badges to improve their skills and send the whole squad away on a training camp.

Manager Roles

Another notable difference is the significant restructure of the manager’s staff and a revamp of their roles. The most obvious is the introduced position of Director of Football into the game for the first time, which will allow managers to pass on some of their workload, such as contract negotiations, if they choose to.

In addition to this, there is an increased number of specialist coaching roles within the game which has given the manager greater flexibility to choose which coaches offer advice and when. The manager can also choose to complain about boardroom interference – although that particular option should probably be used sparingly.

Improved Network Play

The brand new Network Play is fully integrated with Steam’s network functionality which means that players should be able to set up and enjoy games against their friends far more easily than before. The Network Mode also allows people to set-up special one-off leagues and cups and to import their team from their career mode, so you can now end any debate about whose FM team is better.

The deeper integration with Steam will also allow us to manage worldwide leaderboards, so, for the first time you’ll really know how good a manager you are.
Football Manager Classic

FM13 includes a quicker version of FM called Football Manager Classic. This new mode allow gamers to complete a season in a lot less time than the normal game mode. It retains the 3D match engine and player/staff database, but simplifies the way players manage their club and allows them to focus on selected key areas to build success. A player can complete a season in approximately 7 hours of gameplay.
Challenges

Football Manager Classic also includes a number of pre-set challenges users can play.

The challenges offer players scenarios which is designed to test his or her management skills over a set period of time - usually half a season. The challenges replicate a variety of real world circumstances.

Five challenges were included in the first release:

- The Saviour Cometh - You can't win anything with kids - Injury Crisis - The Invincibles - Top Division Underdog

On 19th December 2012, two new challenges were added to download from the in-game store.[8]

- Financial Storm - Unrest at Home

For the first time, FM included a number of unlockable features. Players can remove the need for work permits, add money to their transfer budget or even generate a son within their team's youth system. Players can earn some unlockables by reaching in-game milestones.
Playable leagues and club cups

Although the following list below is the leagues available immediately from installing the game, the editor allows the players to add any lower level league to existing leagues, as well as the creation of new ones. Thus there are a total of 51 playable nations and 117 playable leagues that are included in the game.

International- Club

    World Club Championship
    Pan-Pacific Championship

International- Nations

    World Cup
    World Cup qualification
    Olympic Games
    Olympic Games qualification (Asia, North America, Oceania, South America)
    UEFA European Football Championship
    UEFA European Football Championship qualification
    African Cup of Nations
    African Cup of Nations qualification
    AFC Asian Cup
    AFC Asian Cup qualification
    CONCACAF Gold Cup
    Copa América
    OFC Nations Cup
    Under-20 World Cup
    AFC Youth Championship
    AFC Youth Championship qualification
    UEFA Under 21 Championship
    UEFA U-21 Championship qualification
    UEFA U-19 Championship
    UEFA U-19 Championship qualification
    South American Youth Championship
    Nations Cup
    AFC Challenge Cup
    AFC Challenge Cup qualification
    Caribbean Cup
    FIFA Confederations Cup
    CONCACAF Under-20 Championship
    African Youth Championship
    African Youth Championship qualification

Africa

    CAF Champions League
    CAF Confederation Cup
    CAF Super Cup
    South Africa South Africa (with National First Division)

Asia and Oceania

    AFC Champions League
    AFC Cup
    AFC President's Cup
    AFF Club Championship
    A3 Champions Cup
    OFC Champions League
    Australia New Zealand A-League (A-League)
    China China (with First Division)
    Hong Kong Hong Kong
    India India
    Indonesia Indonesia (with Liga Premier Division and First Division)
    Malaysia Malaysia (with Malaysian Premier League)
    Singapore Singapore
    South Korea South Korea (with N-League)

UK & Ireland

    Setanta Sports Cup
    England England (with Championship, League One, League Two, Conference National, Conference North, Conference South)
    Northern Ireland Northern Ireland (with IFA Championship 1 and IFA Championship 2)
    Republic of Ireland Republic of Ireland (with First Division)
    Scotland Scotland (with First Division, Second Division, Third Division)
    Wales Wales



* enjoy ...