WinRAR 4.20 Final - Year / Date of Release: 2012
Version: 4.20

Developer: Copyright ┬⌐ 1993-2012 Alexander Roshal

Website Developer: http://www.rarlab.com/ - Bit: 32bit +64 bit

Language: English + Russian + Ukrainian

Tablet: - Compatible with Windows XP: complete (all editions)

Compatible with Windows Vista: complete (all editions)
Compatible with Windows 7 full time (all editions)
Compatible with Windows 8: complete (all editions) - System requirements:
Processor: Intel Pentium (or compatible)
Operating system: Windows 95, 98, Me, NT 4.0, 2000, 2003, XP, Vista, 7, 8
Memory: 64MB

Free disk space: 3MB - Description: WinRAR - is a powerful utility for creating and managing archives, containing a range of additional useful features.
With WinRAR you can compress files by 8-15% better and often faster than do competing products. This will save disk space and transmission costs, and most importantly, expensive time.
WinRAR supports all popular archive formats (RAR, ZIP, CAB, ARJ, LZH, ACE, TAR, GZip, UUE, ISO, BZIP2, Z and 7-Zip).
WinRAR is ideal for multimedia files compression. The program automatically recognizes the format of the file and selects the optimum method of packaging.
WinRAR allows you to split archives into separate volumes for their records to removable media.
WinRAR is ideal for the transmission of sensitive data over the Internet and other unprotected channels. 128-bit encryption and electronic signatures archives do not give criminals a chance to learn your secrets.
WinRAR - it's shareware-product that gives the opportunity to try the product before you buy within 40 days.
One license WinRAR offers the ability to use the product on all platforms and languages.

Extras. Information:
Main features of WinRAR:
"Full support for RAR and ZIP.
"Using the original high-performance data compression algorithm.
"Having a graphical environment that supports drag and drop (drag & drop).
"You can use the command line interface.
"Managing the archives of other formats (CAB, ARJ, LZH, TAR, GZ, TAR.GZ, BZ2, TAR.BZ2, ACE, UUE, JAR, ISO, 7Z, Z).
"Support for the method of continuous backup for better compression.
"Support of multivolume archives.
"Creating self-extracting (SFX) conventional and multivolume archives with a standard or optional modules SFX.
"The ability to recover physically damaged archives.
"The ability to create and use of recovery volumes, allowing to reconstruct missing parts of multivolume archives.
"Support for Unicode encoding in filenames.
"Additional functions (data encryption and file names in the archive, add comments archival, management protocol error).

