Ashampoo Snap 6 is the ideal solution for quick screen captures. Have the means to record and document anything you see on your screen as screenshot images and video screencasts 

with audio support.

Create images, tutorials, screencasts and presentations or simply share information with friends and colleagues - Ashampoo Snap 6 is your premier tool to communicate your thoughts 

and ideas.

What you see is what you get
With Ashampoo Snap 6, you can store your screen contents - permanently. Anything you see, Ashampoo Snap 6 can capture. Document your screen contents with ease and share 

valuable information with others as screenshots or screencasts.
Ashampoo Snap 6 is ...
… unobtrusive!
Running silently in the background, Ashampoo Snap 6 does not get in the way of your daily workflow. It is always ready yet only shows up when you need it.

… visual and intuitive!
Ashampoo Snap 6 is ideal for both beginners and experts. It features a highly readable and intuitive user-interface that makes most operations self-explanatory and the many visual cues 

make also more advanced multi-step processes a breeze.

… comprehensive!
Ashampoo Snap 6 not only captures information but provides a myriad of functions and effects to add annotations and to further illustrate your point, making it ideal for educational and 

business settings. You can even process existing images, no additional image editor required. Once your work is finished, distribute it right from within Ashampoo Snap 6.

New in Ashampoo Snap 6

Our developers have made major improvements in the areas of performance, productivity and compatibility for a faster, more compatible product that will boost your productivity.

Performance
With full multi-core support and intelligent load balancing, all modifications and effects literally appear in a snap.
Productivity
Fewer clicks, more results. Thanks to our new popups, most operations are now instantly accessible, sparing you the hassle of clicking through cascades of modal dialogs.
Real-time adjustments and live previews
Now, you can see all modifications as they happen. Feel free to experiment with different settings and present your information in style.

Always on the safe side – Readjust with ease
As annotations and illustrations are added, already applied effects may begin to look inappropriate. With Ashampoo Snap 6, everything is readjustable. Don’t like the drop shadow you 

just added? Readjust it to your needs.

Pick a color – Pick any color
Many operations and effects allow you to set individual colors. Harmony among image colors is difficult to achieve when colors are selected manually and you will therefore often want to 

reuse existing colors for different operations. Ashampoo Snap 6 features a new color picker that comes in two different styles, integrated and standalone.

The integrated color picker allows you to select and reuse any existing color from your current image.

The standalone color picker goes one step further and allows you to select any color visible on your computer screens. This way, you can not only establish color balance within your edited 

image but across other existing images.

You can even export collected colors to Adobe Photoshop compatible color profiles or export them as a single PNG color palette image for easy reviewing. The most recent color is 

automatically exported to your system clipboard as a HEX string (e.g. #FBCDAD) for quick access.

Capture bar – Less disruptive, more features
The new capture bar uses a smaller activation area and sits at the top-right of your screen by default. This makes erroneous activations less likely and causes less disruptions in your daily 

workflow. Furthermore, the bar now features a toggle button to switch between single- and multi-shot capture modes as well a button for the new standalone color picker tool.

Video capturing
With Ashampoo Snap 6, you can capture stills from your webcam or apply a time-lapse effect to your video recordings that is great for tutorial videos.

One-click web-uploads – Your hub for digital images
No account or login required. It takes just a single click to upload images to the web with Ashampoo Snap 6 and create a link for you to share with others. You may also download or 

share the image through email, Facebook, Twitter or Google+ right from the linked website.

Compatibility
Full 32bit transparency support (RGBA)
Ashampoo Snap 6 now fully supports 32 bit translucency throughout the whole application and common tools such as Eraser or Blur Pen now operate on the alpha channel.

Support for SNAPDOC v2 format – Revise and alter existing documents
Once you store your documents as SNAPDOC files you can always come back later and make changes to shadow and border settings or modify annotations and illustrations.

Improved PDF support
Ashampoo Snap 6 uses a new PDF engine to load and save PDF documents that also works on Windows Server systems.

System Requirements
Operating System :- Windows® XP, Windows Vista®, Windows® 7, Windows® 8

Install Notes :-
1. Install Ashampoo Snap 6
2. Do not run Ashampoo Snap
3. Copy ash_inet2.dll in the Crack Folder
4. Paste into Installation Folder (Default: C:  Program Files  Ashampoo  Ashampoo Snap 6)
And  Enjoy.

Remember Me......................................................IGI30
