VIPRE Internet Security 2013 Features

VIPRE Internet Security 2013 is packed with sophisticated security features that protect against viruses and other malware threats without slowing down your PC. You won't notice it's running (even during scans and updates). 	

NEW VIPRE® Easy Update™

Updates the most common cause of PC infections and
attacks – out-of-date software - automatically.
NEW VIPRE® Easy Install™

Ensures a smooth, trouble-free installation process by
eliminating any possible software conflicts.
Two-way firewall

Protects against incoming and outgoing Internet traffic quickly
and easily with customizable settings for advanced users.
Spam filter

Filters unwanted email from your inbox and safeguards against spam, phishing scams and malicious URLs.
Bad website blocker

Blocks access to malicious websites to prevent you from inadvertently browsing to them and compromising your PC.
High-performance anti-malware engine

Combines advanced antivirus and anti-spyware technologies to provide complete security that doesn't slow down your PC.
All-in-one PC security

Detects and removes viruses, spyware, rootkits, bots, Trojans and all other types of malware.
Real-time monitoring and protection

Leverages multiple detection methods to monitor and protect against web threats, including zero-day threats, in real time.
Removable device scanning

Scans USB flash drives and other removable drives and files for threats automatically when plugged or inserted into your PC.
Advanced anti-rootkit technology

Finds and disables hard-to-remove malware that gains unauthorized access to and hides deep within your PC.
Email virus protection

Protects against email viruses in Outlook, Outlook Express,
Windows Mail and any email program using POP3 and SMTP.
Secure File Eraser

Adds an "Erase Files" option to your Window's Explorer menu to permanently delete all traces of a file.
History Cleaner

Removes browsing and search histories, including the history stored by many popular applications.
PC Explorer

Reveals settings on your computer that are normally hidden and enables you to add programs to the Always Allowed list.


Instructions :

See Readme.txt in  TrialReset Folder :)

Note : The Trial Reset is tested working on Windows XP SP3 and Windows 7 Ultimate SP1 32 bit Systems. You May Have to reboot after resetting in order for the reset to take effect. 

The Trial Reset Doesnt work on Windows 8.

Credits to tonyblair for the Fix.


