This digital graphic novel was posted last month by muckymucks. However, that release was a .PDF format, so here it is from Monafekk-Empire as a .cbr.

Note: Amanda Conner only does the cover -- good cover, though!

Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

From Kickstarter:

SEX AND VIOLENCE volume 1 is a 64 page graphic novel  about crime, lust and redemption split into two distinctively different stories sharing similar themes written by Jimmy Palmiotti and Justin Gray and drawn by Jimmy Broxton and Juan SantaCruz.  Excessive nudity and violence makes this an adults only title.   

ADDED: We will not be publishing this book for a while... so it will only be available in the Printed on Demand version and available on digital download. You will not be able to buy this book in this format anywhere but here. 

This Kickstarter is here to raise the funds to put together the book, but to create an EXCLUSIVE Kickstarter book that is unique in a few ways. We will be using Print-on-demand to create an exclusive limited , signed and number edition of the book based on the amount of orders we recieve. This will be the only place to get the Amanda Conner cover edition and the book itself will have a spot on the cover where it is to be numbered, limited to the order number and not for sale in public. Eventually we plan to publish the book elsewhere, but it will only be available here and with the exclusive cover and numbering. As you can see with the pledge list there are some choces how you can get the book and as well sets of prints and other goodies.

The book itself is split into two stories. 

The first story, PORNLAND, OREGON, is written by Justin Gray [ All-Star Western, Retrovirus, Creator-Owned heroes] and drawn by Jimmy Broxton [The Unwritten, The Engine] .  When his runaway granddaughter is murdered, Rick embarks on a bloody trail of revenge through Portland's internet porn community only to discover he may have inadvertently had a role in her death.

The other story, GIRL IN A STORM, is written by Jimy Palmiotti [ Painkiller Jane, Queen Crab, Jonah Hex] and illustrated by Juan SantaCruz [ The Resistance, Fantastic Four, The Hulk] and is a story about a NYC female police officer that becomes facinated with a lesbian couple that has moved across the courtyard from her apartment. What started out as a curiousity out of boredom  has become a full fledged obsession that starts her questioning her own life. 