Nikon D600 Experience is an e book user's guide that goes beyond the manual to help you learn the features, settings, and controls of this sophisticated and highly customizable camera. Most importantly, it also explains how, when, and why to use the camera's features, settings, and controls in your photography.

Written in the clear, concise, and comprehensive manner of all Full Stop guides, Nikon D600 Experience will help you learn to use your D600 quickly and competently, to consistently make the types of images you desire. 
Take control of your camera and the images you create!

This guide is designed for Intermediate and Enthusiast dSLR Photographers who wish to take fuller advantage of the capabilities of their camera to go beyond Auto and P modes and shoot competently in A, S, and M shooting modes; take full advantage of the sophisticated 39 point autofocus system; and learn how, when, and why to use and customize the various controls, buttons, and features of the D600. It covers basic dSLR camera functions and exposure concepts for those learning digital SLR photography, and explains more advanced camera controls and operation, such as using the various metering modes and exposure compensation for correct exposure of every image.

For experienced photographers moving to the D600 from previous models, this guide explains the new and advanced features to quickly get you started and taking advantage of these capabilities, including the sophisticated 39 point autofocus system and its Autofocus Modes, AF-Area Modes, and Custom Settings. Plus it explains the camera controls, the in-camera HDR, Multiple Exposure, and Time-Lapse features, introduces the video capabilities, and guides you through all the Menus and Custom Settings to help you best set up the camera and its controls for your specific shooting needs.

Nikon D600 Experience focuses on still-photography with an introduction to the movie menus and settings to get you up and running with HD video. Sections include:

    Setting Up Your D600 - All of the D600 Custom Settings and Playback, Shooting, and Setup Menus, with explanations and recommended settings to customize the advanced features to work best for the way you photograph.

    Aperture Priority (A), Shutter Priority (S), and Manual (M) Modes - How and when to use them to create dramatic depth of field, freeze or express motion, or take total control over exposure settings.

    Autofocus Modes, AF-Area Modes, and Release Modes - Learn the Autofocus Modes, AF-Area Modes, and AF Custom Settings, how they differ, how and when to take advantage of them to capture both still and moving subjects.

    Exposure Metering Modes - How they differ, how and when to use them for correct exposures in every situation.

    Histograms, Exposure Compensation, Bracketing, and White Balance - Understanding and using these features for adjusting to the proper exposure in challenging lighting situations.

    The Image Taking Process - Descriptive tutorials for using the settings and controls to take photos of both still and moving subjects.

    Photography Accessories - Useful accessories for the D600 and for dSLR photography.

    Composition - Tips and techniques, including the creative use of depth of field.

    Introduction to Video Settings - Explanations of the settings and options to get you started.

This illustrated e-book guide to the Nikon D600 goes beyond the manual to explain how, when, and why to use the features, settings, and controls of the D600 to help you get the most from your camera.
