Shooting in Sh*tty Light: The Top Ten Worst Photography Lighting Situations and How to Conquer Them 
by Lindsay Adler and Erik Valind
Peachpit Press | October 2012  | ISBN-10: 0321862694 | ePUB/PDF | 8.4/17 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Shooting-tty-Light-Photography-Situations/dp/0321862694

Sometimes photographers have to shoot in less than ideal lighting situations. Maybe the wedding is mid-day in the middle of a field, or perhaps the event is in a florescent-lit room. These scenarios can be particularly intimidating for beginning photographers who don't know how to handle the many undesirable lighting situations they may encounter.
In Shooting in Sh*tty Light, professional photographers Lindsay Adler and Erik Valind cover the top ten worst lighting situations and provide a variety of solutions for each. They explain which solutions are most practical and why one option might be preferable over another, examining such problems as extremely low lighting when no flash is allowed, strong backlight, and the light on an overcast day.
Unlike other books that focus on natural light or lighting in general, this book addresses a very real need of beginning photographers, answering the question, ΓÇ£What do I do when the lighting is terrible?ΓÇ¥ Lindsay and Erik candidly show you the tools at your disposal, demonstrating the techniques essential to getting the job done with minimal fuss.

-    Shows how to deal with ten of the worst lighting situations, such as harsh midday light, extremely low light, and mixed light.
-    Offers real-life examples and practical solutions for handling poor light, such as identifying natural reflectors, bouncing light off a wall, or utilizing flash gels. 
-    Features a fun, conversational style to help you conquer the fear of poor lighting and approach any lighting situation with confidence!

About the Authors
Lindsay Adler is a portrait and fashion photographer based in New York City. Her fashion editorials have been featured in dozens of publications internationally and her images have appeared in advertising campaigns and billboards throughout the country. An author of three books, you can find her as a platform speaker at events like WPPI, Photo Plus, Imaging USA, Photoshop World, and online at creativeLIVE, Kelby Training, and many more. Learn more about Lindsay at  lindsayadlerphotography.com.
Erik Valind is a commercial lifestyle and portrait photographer, born and raised on the Florida beaches. Airy and energetic lifestyle imagery defines the style and vision of this Westcott-endorsed Top Pro Photographer. Inspired by the form, activity and diversity of people, Erik has lent his expertise to shape the public image of numerous national brands and campaigns. Erik shares his visual approach, techniques and passion for photography internationally at major photo events, as an author, and online as a Kelby Training instructor.