 http://i.imgur.com/KFRTF.jpg
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.phatware.writepad



WritePad 
State-of-the-art handwriting recognition software in 4 languages.
WritePad's is a new input method for Android OS which aims to replace the on-screen keyboard with PhatWare's proven handwriting recognition technology and can be used for text input in any Android application. WritePad is especially useful on Android Tablets, such as Samsung Galaxy Tab, and Android phones such as Motorola Droid and others.

WritePad features 4th generation handwriting recognition technology which supports practically any handwriting style, including cursive (script), print, and mixed. The software analyzes pen strokes written in the designated WritePad area, then converts those pen strokes into text and sends the recognized text to the target application. While many handwriting recognition tools for smartphones and tablets leave users frustrated with the appΓÇÖs inability to correctly interpret their handwriting, WritePadΓÇÖs state-of-the-art handwriting recognition software will adapt and learn the userΓÇÖs style of writing.

Key WritePad features:

    Integration with any application allowing text input, such as email, SMS, notes, word processing, and others. 
    Statistical analyzer, which improves overall handwriting recognition quality by addressing common recognition errors. If this feature is enabled, WritePad will learn the userΓÇÖs own handwriting style. 
    Customizable auto-corrector, which automatically fixes common spelling and recognition errors. 
    Editable user dictionary to improve recognition of custom words and names not included in the main dictionary. 
    Built-in full keyboard with autocomplete; if needed, users can switch between keyboard and handwriting with a single touch of a button. 
    Four basic recognition modes: cursive/mixed or print for general text entry; Numeric for entering numbers and phone numbers; and Internet for entering email addresses and URLs. 
    Built-in calculator, enabling users to write simple equations such as "22.3+15.66=" and WritePad will calculate the result. 

What's in this version: (Updated : Jan 7, 2013)

    Vastly improved multilingual handwriting recognition engine now supports eleven languages, including English, Dutch, Danish, French, Finnish, German, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Swedish, and Spanish.
    Optimized for latest versions of Android OS
    Bug fixes and performance improvements.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.phatware.writepad