VA - Ether - compiled by dj zen (altar records)

1. Astropilot feat. Chronos - Expectations (8:30)
2. Flooting Grooves - Toward The Light (9:24)
3. Ephemeral Mists - Desert Flower (8:00)
4. Astropilot - Answers (7:21)
5. Tentura - Free Your Mind (7:16)
6. Distant Systems - Astral Map Error (8:00)
7. E-Mantra - Emptiness (8:11)
8. Smakri - Love And Devotion (5:52)
9. Lab's Cloud - Wind's Fairy (6:29)
10. Asura - Everlasting (9:18)

Lovingly compiled by DJ Zen, the Elements series has been a carefully crafted multi-layered down-tempo and ambient experience comprised of colorful and spaced out sounds that are laced with ethnic flair.

OTHER RELEASES FROM:
AsuraLab's CloudShakriE-MantraDistant SystemTenturaMr Peculiar feat Athena EtanaFlooting GroovesAstropilot feat. Chronos

Each of these releases has their own unique sound and theme. Each is a carefully crafted audio experience. Air, Water, Fire, and Earth all filled with special contributions from many incredibly talented artists.

Now this beautiful aural journey concludes with the highly anticipated release of Ether. An audio representation of the spiritual and imperishable that exists around and within all of us, Ether carries your consciousness to the next plane of existence.

Featuring exclusive new tracks from Asura, Distant System, Astropilot, Chronos, Flooting Grooves, Mr. Particular (Feat. Athena Etana), Tentura, E-Mantra, Shakri, and Lab's Cloud the result for this final entry in the series is a feast of gorgeous atmospheric psybient landscapes that border on the shamanic!

A huge heartfelt 'Thank you!' to the supporters of this series over the last two years and much gratitude to those contributing artists who's works made each entry in this series into the incredible ambient journey that this has evolved into.

500 original limited copies available from Altar Records. Printed in Canada on FSC compliant materials. 100% eco, recyclable!... and of course, collectable!
 
http://www.mythicalrecords.com/