#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	04-13-13
Host: 	John B. Wells
Guests: 	Paul Guercio, George Hart

Futurist Paul Guercio and physicist George Hart of the Merlin Project joined John B. Wells to discuss their software-based forecasting technology and latest Timetraks predictions. Hart described their system as a "seismograph of what the future will look like for individuals, for countries, for events," based on predictive time patterns recognized by numerous ancient civilizations. If time follows these patterns, then knowing where one is in time provides a unique opportunity to determine how to approach the future, Guercio added, pointing out that their software does not specify WHAT is going to happen but WHEN a major change will occur in time and for how long.

Some countries and cultures on the planet still think in terms of the significance and timing of events, such as North Korea, Hart continued, noting the recent celebration of former leader Kim Il Sung's 100th birthday and its correlation to the appointments of Kim Jong Un, grandson of Il Sung. The situation in North Korea is very serious and Kim Jong Un's chart takes off this year and continues until the year 2020, he cautioned. According to Guercio, the country and its defiant ruler are at a transition spot where it may be possible to manipulate the situation to favorable ends for the United States. Hart suggested President Obama make and overture to Kim Jong Un, approaching him with respect and honor, and speaking to their shared interests.

The two commented on the woeful state of the American economy. Hart criticized Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernake's seeming overuse of quantitative easing, proposing that it has only helped make the 1 percent even wealthier at the expense of the other 99 percent. Guercio disapproved of the Obama administrationΓÇÖs focus on the green economy and kowtowing to environmental concerns, instead of embracing an energy future built on the nation's rich fossil fuel resources. "At some point this is going to pop and that may be soon," Hart predicted. He also talked about the Bitcoin digital currency and how it can bypass banks, taxation and remaining largely anonymous, as well as the Japanese currency war against the U.S. dollar. Currency wars often become shooting wars, Hart warned.
Website(s):

    projectmerlin.com
    timetraks.org

