Corel AfterShot Pro

Corel AfterShot Pro is a fast, flexible photo workflow solution that combines robust photo management, advanced non-destructive adjustments and complete RAW processing. Organize your photos in catalogs or folders. Find images quickly with extensive Metadata tools that let you search by camera settings, keywords, tags and more. Experiment with and alter images freely with non-destructive adjustment tools and apply enhancements precisely with selective editing. Easily output your work for albums, web sites or client review. With RAW support, powerful batch processing and incredible speed, AfterShot Pro is the fast way to professional photos.

Features:

- RAW power. Make the most of the extra detail and data in your RAW images with ultra-fast RAW processing and incredibly color-accurate images.
- Flexible photo management. Create a digital photography workflow that works for you with robust photo management, flexible organization options and powerful search tools.
- Non-destructive adjustments. Correct and enhance photos with a wide range of non-destructive editing toolsΓÇöwhile ensuring your originals are always protected.
- High-speed output. Quickly generate output for albums, web sites or client review using Batch Output options and a variety of standard and customizable template layouts.

Customizable asset management
Unlike other workflow tools, AfterShot Pro does not force you to import your images into a catalog just to work with them. You are free to access your photos in existing folders, on a network or on a memory card. If you wish, you can create AfterShot Pro catalogs, then take advantage of powerful digital asset management tools to organize your collection as it grows.

Powerful adjustments
Whether youΓÇÖre shooting in RAW or JPEG, you can alter your photos using a wide variety of adjustment tools, including Crop, Straighten, Highlight Recovery, Noise Removal, Color and more.

Multi-versioning editing
Easily make adjustments to multiple versions of your master photo for virtually unlimited ways to experiment with correction options and customizable presets, including Black & White, Cross Processing and more.

Selective editing
Apply adjustments exactly where you want them with unique Layers and Regions capabilities that isolate precise areas of your photo for adjustment.

Heal and Clone tools
Remove distracting elements from photos with Heal and Clone tools. Use Heal for small elements like dust or blemishes. Choose Clone for larger distractions that need to be covered by sampling another area of your photo.

Perfectly Clear
Quickly optimize your images with Perfectly Clear, award-winning technology from Athentech Technologies Inc. Perfectly Clear automatically adjusts lighting for every pixel in a shot while maintaining true color and zero clipping. It also removes abnormal tint and restores faded photos.

Creative enhancement
Dive into the world of creative photo editing by sending your images to Corel PaintShop Pro X4 or other image editing programs on Windows, Mac OS or Linux. PaintShop Pro offers hundreds of photo-editing features and pro-level effects for advanced image manipulation, photo compositing and more.

Noise Ninja
Reduce noise while preserving detail with Noise Ninja by PictureCode, Inc. YouΓÇÖll get natural-looking results without artifacts with this state-of-the-art technology.

Batch output
Process images quickly according to predefined output settings, such as output to JPEG, PDF, create contact sheets or standard print sizes and more. You can also modify Batch settings or create your own custom Batch process that suits your workflow.

Create web galleries
Quickly create a web gallery to share your images online with friends, colleagues or clients. Choose from various gallery styles to control how your photos are displayed.

Asset management
Whether you are simply reviewing shots or building a searchable library of thousands of images, AfterShot Pro has the tools to support the asset management phase of your workflow. Search photos quickly with powerful Metadata tools that can include your own tagging or information added by your camera.

Image adjustment
With the non-destructive adjustment tools in AfterShot Pro, you can correct and enhance photos without ever altering the originals. Apply intelligent or automatic adjustments, including Exposure Control, Color Corrections, White Balance, Noise Reduction, Curves and Levels, Lens Correction and many more.

Output generation
The Batch Output tools in AfterShot Pro let you create final images quickly. Print in various template layouts, including contact sheets and standard print sizes, or output to PDF. Back up and archive catalogs, and create web galleries to showcase your work.

System Requirements

Microsoft Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP with the latest service packs installed (32-bit or 64-bit editions)
Intel Pentium 4 or later or AMD Athlon 64 or later
2 GB RAM
250 MB hard drive space
Mouse or tablet
Minimum display resolution: 1024 x 600
CD-ROM drive

Homepage: http://www.corel.com/corel/product/index.jsp?pid=prod4670071#tab1

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run "Regme" and merge it to system registery.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.