Data Hiding: Exposing Concealed Data in Multimedia, Operating Systems, Mobile Devices and Network Protocols

Book Details:

Pages: 350 pages
Publisher: Syngress (November 2012)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1597497436
ISBN-13: 978-1597497435
Format: PDF, EPUB

Book Description:

As data hiding detection and forensic techniques have matured, people are creating more advanced stealth methods for spying, corporate espionage, terrorism, and cyber warfare all to avoid detection. Data Hiding provides an exploration into the present day and next generation of tools and techniques used in covert communications, advanced malware methods and data concealment tactics. The hiding techniques outlined include the latest technologies including mobile devices, multimedia, virtualization and others. These concepts provide corporate, goverment and military personnel with the knowledge to investigate and defend against insider threats, spy techniques, espionage, advanced malware and secret communications. By understanding the plethora of threats, you will gain an understanding of the methods to defend oneself from these threats through detection, investigation, mitigation and prevention.

Review of the latest data hiding techniques presented at world-renownded conferences
Provides many real-world examples of data concealment on the latest technologies including iOS, Android, VMware, MacOS X, Linux and Windows 7
Dives deep into the less known approaches to data hiding, covert communications, and advanced malware
Includes never before published information about next generation methods of data hiding
Outlines a well-defined methodology for countering threats
Looks ahead at future predictions for data hiding

Table of Contents:
Chapter 1. History of Secret Writing
Chapter 2. Four Easy Data Hiding Exercises
Chapter 3. Steganography
Chapter 4. Multimedia Data Hiding
Chapter 5. Data Hiding among Android Mobile Devices
Chapter 6. Apple iOS Data Hiding
Chapter 7. Operating System Data Hiding
Chapter 8. Virtual Data Hiding
Chapter 9. Data Hiding in Network Protocols
Chapter 10. Forensics and Anti-Forensics
Chapter 11. Mitigation Strategies
Chapter 12. Futures
