TRAILER: ArtisticBokeh - Miasma: Call for Reduction (2012)

call for reduction (in effigie)
A performative installation by MIASMA.

In a theatrical, multimedia- and installation-based, musical as well as performative action spanning over fifty hours the Expedithalle (dispatch hall) of the former Ankerbrotfabrik (bread factory) in the Viennese 10th district transforms into a vast garden. Therein Marie Müller starts an attempt of self-assertion, against a psychotic society forcing her to totally dissolve in the mud and hot air of collective hysteria, fear and porn. With the high ambition of global theatre the attempt to abolish the world as we know it is called for. Only to dare, after the trial in the world courtyard has been held, a recreation of the world out of human need and in accordance with what we commonly call ‚nature’.

Every day the performative action intensifies in 4 hours, the rest of the time is dedicated to development, preparation and rehearsal for the ensuing vespertine climax.

Fri, July 6th, 8 - 12pm CEST – THE-WHITE-OUT and the Media Putsch
Sat, July 7th, 8 - 12pm CEST – The Slaughter of the Youth. It is PORN!
Sun, July 8th, 6 - 10pm CEST – There is Life in the Dirt I am walking on

The room is divided into a rough garden and a clear garden, the installation of a forest cut down and a water basin and some soil. The performance will be transmitted during the whole time with five cameras in cinematic resolution over the internet on the homepage www.miasma.is. The languages in use are German, English, Polish and Hungarian.

At the age of three Marie Müller is given away out of desolate circumstances to foster parents, where coldness, strict rules, absence of love and fierce competition between adopted and foster children dominate her life. The brother disappears, but the garden in the outer skirts of Vienna is a first refuge followed later by the internet, where she experiences a form of affection. At the age of 16 she as well leaves the foster family. Some drugs, some sex, and hardly any control. 
At her 18th birthday she’s invited by her foster parents and their adopted children to dinner. On her return to her flat she notices that there have been burglars at her appartment and that her computer is stolen. Now she’s sure: The sisters are determined to destroy her and have set up a global conspiration against her.
 
http://miasma.is 
http://artisticbokeh.com