Office to Any Converter

Office to Any Converter is a conversion tool for converting Office documents to other formats. It supports source MS Office documents like Word, Excel and PowerPoint, and target formats like PDF, WMF, and EMF. It also supports to convert one image to another image formats, for example, png to gif. It supports to encrypt, edit description and add watermark for converted PDF.

Key Features

Convert Office document to image
Office to Any Converter can convert Office documents to various image formats. The application supports to set the image color depth, resize the image. For the TIFF output format, Office to Any Converter also supplies many kinds of compression methods.

Convert documents to PDF
Office to Any Converter can be used to convert any Office documents to PDF documents. It supports to encrypt, edit description and add watermark for converted PDF.

Edit PDF description and encrypt PDF
Office to Any Converter is able to edit PDF description such as producer, creator, title, subject, author, etc. It also supports to encrypt the PDF document for security.

Features of Office to Any Converter

Convert MS Office documents to PDF files in batches.
Convert MS Office documents to Postscript, EPS, TIFF, JPG, PNG, etc. files in batches.
Supply various compression methods for output TIFF format.
Support output formats: PDF, PS, EPS, SWF, XPS, HPGL, PCL, TIF, PNG, JPG, BMP, GIF, TGA, PCX, EMF and WMF.
Able to convert Office documents to PDF files without MS Office installed.
Able to edit PDF description.
Option to encrypt the PDF document.
Able to add page number for the output PDF document.
Option to add watermark for the PDF document.
Option to set color depth and resize image when converting document to image.

System Requirements:

Windows 2000 / XP / Server 2003 / Vista / Server 2008 / 7 / 8 of both 32 and 64-bit.

Homepage: http://www.verypdf.com/office-to-any/index.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use Keygen to get Valid serial for registering application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.