-------------------------------------------

BOOK DETAILS 


Hardcover: 152 pages 
Publisher: O’Reilly Media (February 2013) 
Language: English 
ISBN-10: 1449311652 
ISBN-13: 978-1449311650

--------------------------------------------


The Lean UX approach to interaction design is tailor-made for today’s web-driven reality. In this insightful book, leading advocate Jeff Gothelf teaches you valuable Lean UX principles, tactics, and techniques from the ground up—how to rapidly experiment with design ideas, validate them with real users, and continually adjust your design based on what you learn. 

Inspired by Lean and Agile development theories, Lean UX lets you focus on the actual experience being designed, rather than deliverables. This book shows you how to collaborate closely with other members of the product team, and gather feedback early and often. You’ll learn how to drive the design in short, iterative cycles to assess what works best for the business and the user. Lean UX shows you how to make this change—for the better. 

     Frame a vision of the problem you’re solving and focus your team on the
     right outcomes. 
     Bring the designers’ toolkit to the rest of your product team. 
     Share your insights with your team much earlier in the process. 
     Create Minimum Viable Products to determine which ideas are valid.
     Incorporate the voice of the customer throughout the project cycle.
     Make your team more productive: combine Lean UX with Agile’s Scrum
     framework. 
     Understand the organizational shifts necessary to integrate Lean UX. 


Table of Contents 
Part I: Introduction and Principles 
Chapter 1. Why Lean UX? 
Chapter 2. Principles 

Part II: Process 
Chapter 3. Vision, Framing, and Outcomes 
Chapter 4. Collaborative Design 
Chapter 5. MVPs and Experiments 
Chapter 6. Feedback and Research 

Part III: Making It Work 
Chapter 7. Integrating Lean UX and Agile 
Chapter 8. Making Organizational Shifts 




