Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition is a remake of the role-playing video game Baldur's Gate and its expansion Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast. The game was launched for Microsoft Windows on November 28, 2012, for iPad running iOS 6 or greater on December 7, 2012, and for Mac OS X on February 22, 2013, with the Android launch expected soon after. On December 13, 2012, Trent Oster, the Creative Director on the game, announced a native port of the game to Linux would be forthcoming as well.

The remake of Baldur's Gate was developed by Overhaul Games, a division of Beamdog. The game was published by Atari and was scheduled for the summer of 2012 but the release date was later changed to November. The release includes remastered versions of both Baldur's Gate and its expansion pack, Tales of the Sword Coast. Overhaul Games is also working on the enhanced edition of Baldur's Gate II, planning its release in 2013,[5] after the release of Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition.

Overhaul Games stated that the games are more than just remakes of the classic RPG and that there are many differences between the two versions.  Downloadable content will be made available, as well as the ability to mod the game. Overhaul Games decided to add an autoupdate function to the game and also to modify it based on suggestions made by users.  Beamdog stated that the Overhaul team had added over 400 improvements to the original game.


Set in the Forgotten Realms continent of Faerûn, Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition takes place in the Sword Coast and the Western Heartlands. All locations from the original game are present, with the addition of new locations being available through new characters and adventures. While The Black Pits offers the exploration of the Underdark, the characters of Rasaad yn Bashir and Neera respectively offer the new areas of The Cloud Peaks, and a hideaway near Durlag's Tower.

Plot
Although the general plot of the game remains the same, game developers revealed that there would be multiple sidequests that would tie unfinished stories together. The original expansion pack for Baldur's Gate, Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast was packaged with the game.

The first major new adventure for the game, "The Black Pits", is an optional and standalone storyline within the game which does not need to be completed for the game to progress. In the "Black Pits" storyline, Baeloth the Entertainer, a mad drow, has imprisoned a colony of Duergar dwarves and forced them to create an entertainment complex of his own design. In the complex, Baeloth pits living creatures against each other for loot, which he earns through inviting hosts from all throughout the realms. Set in the Underdark, the Black Pits offers 15 levels spread over 6 hours of gameplay.