Hologram Time Traveler (DVD Game)                            Rel. 10/31/2000



Format:         DVD5 NTSC-USA
Lang:           English, Japanese
Discs:          1
Image:          ISO
Genre.:         Action/FMV
Rating:         Teen
Requirements:   A DVD Player, Windows Media Player,
                or a PS2.



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Release Notes - This is the Standard Remastered DVD-ROM Game
                From Digital Lesiure. This is an exact port
                from the original laser disc game, the 3d version
                can be played with 3d glasses. There is also
                a standard 2d version to play included.



Game Description:

For the first time ever...

Play the home version of the original hologram coin-operated arcade game on 
your DVD movie player! Use 3D glasses or the select the 2D option to play 
without the glasses and then get ready for the non-stop action of Hologram
Time Traveler.

Beautiful Kyi-La, Princess of the Galactic Federation, is kidnapped by the
evil renegade scientist Vulcor. You control the daring Marshal Gram and travel
through the ages of time to rescue the Princess.

Adventure through time as you confront Space Knights, Ninja warriors, cavemen,
futuristic robots, cowboys and countless other adversaries. Travel from 
prehistoric caves to 26th century space ships as you battle to save Kyi-La
and prevent Vulcor from tearing the fabric of time!


Features:

* Created by Rick Dyer, the co-creator of DragonΓÇÖs Lair and Space Ace.

* Play the home version of the original Hologram coin-operated arcade game. 

* Non-stop action!
 
* Features a cast of Hollywood actors and digitally mastered special effects. 

* A wide range of scenes are included; therefore, Hologram Time Traveler will 
  never be the same game twice.



-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.


You can also mount the Image and play on your computers
dvd player software.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!			