Comfy Photo Recovery

Comfy Photo Recovery will recover digital images that were deleted from memory cards, USB flash drives, and hard or removable drives. The program recovers photos that were lost after formatting or deleting logical partitions and photos that were deleted after a virus attack, a malfunction in the camera’s power supply, and due to file rewriting while copying and name duplication. The program recovers deleted photos very simply.

The program’s capabilities:

Recovers digital images in the following formats: jpe, jpeg, jpg, bmp, psd, gif, ico, psp, wmf, png, tif, tiff, …;

Recovers digital photos, including RAW files of professional cameras in the following formats: 032, 3fr, arw, bay, bmq, cr2, crw, cs1, dc2, dcr, dng, erf, fff, k25, kdc, mef, mos, mrw, nef, orf, pef, pxn, qtk, raf, raw, rdc, sr2, srf, x3f;

Recovers images that were deleted from memory cards (Smart Media, Compact Flash, Memory Stick, Sd, Xd) of cameras, mobile phones, smartphones, and tablets. Recovers photos that were deleted from hard and removable drives, USB flash drives (Sony, Datatraveler, Kingston, Kingmax, Sandisk, Silicon, Transcend), and internal camera memory of the following brands: Nikon, Canon, Olympus, Casio, Kodak, Sony, Pentax, Panasonic;

Recovers photo files that were lost after quick and total formatting or total deletion of a logical drive. Displays pictures that were found for recovery in the form of small images (“preview”) and also lets you filter and sort the list of found files by date, size, and resolution;

The program lets you do the following with the recovered files:

Save them to any logical partition that is connected to the your system;

Record them to CD or DVD or create an ISO copy of the recovered data;

Save them to a remote server using an FTP protocol.

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.my-data-recovery.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.