Boris Pasternak - Doctor Zhivago, translated from the Russian by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky (Pantheon, 2010).

ISBN: 9780307377692 | 544 pages | EPUB


Boris Pasternak's widely acclaimed novel comes gloriously to life in a magnificent new translation by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky, the award-winning translators of War and Peace and Anna Karenina, and to whom, The New York Review of Books declared, "the English-speaking world is indebted."

First published in Italy in 1957 amid international controversy -- the novel was banned in the Soviet Union until 1988, and Pasternak declined the Nobel Prize a year later under intense pressure from Soviet authorities -- Doctor Zhivago is the story of the life and loves of a poet-physician during the turmoil of the Russian Revolution. Taking his family from Moscow to what he hopes will be shelter in the Ural Mountains, Zhivago finds himself instead embroiled in the battle between the Whites and the Reds. Set against this backdrop of cruelty and strife is Zhivago's love for the tender and beautiful Lara: pursued, found, and lost again, Lara is the very embodiment of the pain and chaos of those cataclysmic times.

Stunningly rendered in the spirit of Pasternak's original -- resurrecting his style, rhythms, voicings, and tone -- and including an introduction, textual annotations, and a translators' note, this edition of Doctor Zhivago is destined to become the definitive English translation of our time.


Reviews

"Pevear and Volokhonsky have done a masterly job translating what ought to be considered the definitive English edition of Doctor Zhivago." -- The New Criterion

"A welcome opportunity for anyone who has already read Dr. Zhivago to revisit it and experience a richly rewarding fresh take on an epic tale. For those coming to it for the first time it is a chance to read one of the greatest novels of all times." -- New York Journal of Books

"As well as a gripping story, Doctor Zhivago is a work of meditation and quiet challenge.┬á Pasternak meant every word of it.┬á I believe he would be pleased with the powerful fidelity of the translation now before us." -- Angela Livingstone, The Times Literary Supplement (London)
