Fight Night Round 3 for XBox 360                              Rel. 02/20/2006


DVD9 NTSC-USA
Wave 1
English
Stealth Patched.


Discs:            1
Image:            .DVD/ISO
Genre.:           Action/Boxing
Rating:           Teen
Requirements:     Modded or Flashed Drive (iXtreme or LT+)



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: Your xbox360 console must be Modded or drive flashed with Ixtreme
      to play any copy. It isn't recommended to play any game copy online 
      unless your using LT+. Even then you still run the risk of getting 
      banned so just be aware of that.



Game Description:

EA Sports' Fight Night Round 3 from EA Chicago lets you make your own fighter, train them up, and literally take on the world. Start by creating your own champ and customizing how they look, what equipment they have, their fighting style, their weight class, their signature move, and even their own illegal hit. Get equipment and trainers for your fighter to enhance his look and performance.

Then take your fighter to career mode where you'll play fight your way up from the local gym all the way up to five-star venues. Get trainers to enhance your training and boost your speed and power. Play against randomly generated fighters all the way up through the ranks till you beat them in points or to a pulp. Certain fights may get you a bit of extra money as an incentive, or give you a promotional deal, but pick your fights carefully because strategy inside the ring won't matter if you mismanage your fisher outside.

Fight smart during the fight by using the total punch control system to throw the punches you want to by using the analog stick. The total punch control system maps your fists to the analog stick getting rid of the need for senseless button mashing.You can also play in historical fights like Taylor vs. Hopkins, Gatti vs. Ward, or Robinson vs. Lamotta in the ESPN Classic mode to play in the fights that made boxing history.

Once you've got the computer down for the count, you can play with any fighter or user created fighters or any of the ESPN Classic fights in local multiplayer with a friend. You can also take the fight online and prove your the real champion of the world against any opponent anytime, anywhere.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.


If using DVD Decrypter make sure Layer Break (For DL Media) is at 1913760 user specified option. As DVD Decrypter doesn't recognize .DVD files.


If your new to the Xbox360 scene do some research online.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!									