Format: Matroska
Duration: 01:53:36.416
Track 1: video
  Codec ID: V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
  Pixels: 1920 x 1040
  Frame rate: 23.976 fps
Track 2: English audio
  Codec ID: A_AC3
  Sample rate: 48000 Hz
Track 3: English subtitles
  Default flag: 0
  Lacing flag: 0
  Codec ID: S_TEXT/UTF8
  Name: improved subtitles

This torrent is a copy of the Charade.1963.1080p.BluRay.x264-CiNEFiLE.mkv torrent (#5844798), but with an improved subtitle track. That torrent was ripped from the Criterion Blu-ray, whose subtitles were erroneous in a few places to begin with, and further errors crept in when the ripper used OCR to convert the subtitles to text format.

The Charade.1963.720p.BluRay.CRITERION.x264-PublicHD torrent (#8271822) contains the Criterion Blu-ray's subtitles in vobsub format, so that there are no OCR errors, but the errors that were in the Criterion Blu-ray to begin with remain.

This torrent fixes both the OCR errors and Criterion Blu-ray errors.

If you already have either of the above torrents and don't need English subtitles, you don't need this torrent. But if you require accurate English subtitles, maybe because you're studying or teaching English, this torrent is better than anything else available.

A note on Charade's copyright status:

If you live in the US, this movie is in the public domain and you can thumb your nose at the trolls.

If you live outside the US and your country of residence has adopted the Rule of the Shorter Term, the movie's copyright has expired and you can thumb your nose at the trolls. See Wikipedia to determine whether your country of residence has adopted the Rule of the Shorter Term. In Japan, for example, the Rule of the Shorter Term has been explicitly adopted by the Copyright Act (article 58).

Even though the copyright on the movie itself may have expired, what about the copyright on Henry Mancini's music? The common-sense answer is that when the copyright on the movie expires the copyright on the music also expires, but only to the extent that the music is used within the movie. In other words, even after the copyright on the movie expires Henry Mancini's heirs continue to have the right to control and profit from the music's use as audio entertainment separate from the movie, but they no longer have any such right in regard to the music's use within the movie. In Japan, the Copyright Act (article 54.2) makes this point explicitly. In less punctilious countries, including the US, the statute books do not address the question.

This dearth of statutory authority gives trolls in the US an opening to assert that the copyright on Henry Mancini's music prevents the copying of the movie. But don't worry, the trolls will never take you to court on this. Trolls thrive in fog. A court ruling that would dispel the fog is the last thing they want.