

 
http://oronreseller.us/img-518d29aa41b65.html 
 
http://oronreseller.us/img-518d29aa98c42.html 





Iwia – Position Of Power
 Released: May 10, 2013

 Sex goddess Iwia runs her hands lightly up and down her ultra-sensitive body as she eyes her man Johnny and fantasizes about the technique she will use for seduction. Looking hot in a sheer white top and thong, Iwia decides on a course of action and struts over to the couch to give her beau a long hot kiss. Johnny is instantly receptive to his woman’s come-on, palming Iwia’s ample ass and pulling her into his lap so he can remove her shirt as she writhes against his hard erection. Taking Johnny’s thumb into her mouth and sucking in a preview of what she intends to do with her luscious mouth, Iwia can’t wait long before she drops to her knees and pulls her man’s dick from his briefs to make good on the promise of a blow job. Not willing to be outdone, Johnny lies down on the couch and positions his naked horny woman so that her sweet landing strip pussy is in perfect licking position. Iwia moans and squirms at the delicious pleasure that builds steadily as Johnny works her slick slit with his mouth. As she falls back onto her beau’s body, she finds herself positioned perfectly to lick and stroke Johnny’s rock hard cock. The couple takes their time in this 69, enjoying the long velvet strokes of each other’s tongues. Eventually, though, the desire for deep penetration overtakes them both. Rising to a seated position, Johnny holds his dick still while Iwia guides herself down onto his hardness. She stays steady for a moment, enjoying the fullness of her man’s cock inside of her while she rubs her sensitive clit. Unable to hold themselves back any longer, the couple repositions themselves into doggy style and Johnny holds nothing back. Iwia’s little tits sway to the rhythm of their lovemaking as she loses herself in the joy of the moment. Mounting her man in reverse cowgirl position, Iwia quickly brings Johnny to the edge of his climax and then pushes him over. When he is finished emptying his passion deep inside of Iwia’s tight warmth, Iwia leans back on top of him and slowly massages her clit while enjoying the warm trickle of cum trailing from her twat.