Release Title: BBC.Great.Bear.Stakeout.[2013]480p.HDTVRip.H264(BINGOWINGZ-UKB-RG)
TV Air Date: April 2013
Genre: Documentary/Wildlife
RunTime: 60 Minutes x2

In Alaska an expert team of film-makers follow the
astonishing lives of grizzly bears.

A young mum goes down to the beach with her two children.
The light is fading, the tide is coming in, it's not safe
down here. But she's hungry, the kids are hungry, they
need to find something to eat before nightfall. She's going
to try fishing, and wades out into the cold waves. It's a
crazy thing to do, and the little ones follow …
When she returns, there is only one with her: the other
has drowned. It's so desperately sad, and it was so avoidable.
She's a terrible mum, stupid and irresponsible. She almost
loses the other one later – twice. Someone should tell social
services. Bear social services.
Yeah, they're grizzly bears in Alaska. This is The Great
Bear Stakeout (BBC1). I know it's not helpful to think of
animal behaviour in terms of what is or isn't acceptable
in humans, but it's hard not to. Especially when they're
given names, and the bear dudes talk about them as if
they're people. "You know what they say, bears are just
like humans," says bear expert Chris Morgan. "Well, no,
humans are just like bears."
Back to the beach, and the bad behaviour continues. It's the
start of the sexing season: young males are fighting each
other and pissing everywhere. It's like the centre of
Colchester – or almost anywhere else in Britain, for that
matter – on a Friday night. Another young mum called Lucy
abandons her son, Solo – not just for the evening, for ever
– because she fancies a shag. Poor Solo is left running
around in a right panic, looking for his mum.
He's properly Solo now.
Van, a massive brute and a bully who could totally play the
meadow, have any lady he wants, has fallen for a pretty,
fair-haired bear called Alice, who turns out to be a total
cow – if a bear can be a cow. She strings Van along, makes
out he's the one, but she's not ready to mate yet. Then,
when Van's off rolling in seaweed (bear Lynx, basically),
Alice lets an opportunistic young male hop on and have his
wicked way. "Sneaky male syndrome," says Chris the bear
expert, expertly. Then, when big Van comes back,
Alice starts chasing her new boyfriend away and pretends
having sex with him was a terrible mistake. "She's a nightmare
" says Chris. "Unbelievable, she is so deceitful and nasty."
Van and Alice do get it on eventually, in truly appalling
circumstances. Another female shows up; she has come down
from the mountains for a bit of action. Well, why not, when
everyone else is at it? Trouble is, she picks Van to make
eyes at. Alice gets jealous and attacks the newcomer, Van
joins in, pushes Alice off, lays into the other bear … and
kills her. Jesus. And more disturbing even than that, it's
the killing of this rival, in which she acted as accomplice,
that finally makes Alice fancy Van. Forget the bear Lynx:
murder her (I'll help), then I'm all yours. Look, they're
grunting away disgustingly, while another bear goes in to
bite chunks from the corpse which just a few moments ago
was a beautiful female, frisking flirtily about the meadow.
I think they're really horrid, these bears. Bad parents;
stupid, deceitful, callous murderers; killers for sex kicks;
and cannibals. Then there's all the scratching, and the swarms
of flies, and the pissing. (No woods here, though, interestingly
– so is the Pope a Muslim?)
Amazing footage, though. Brave, too: I wouldn't go anywhere
near Van or Alice or any of them, let alone spend five months
camping among them. Good work, then, Chris and Buck Wilde
(good name for a bear expert, no?) and the rest. And from the
remote cameras, which film where even Buck doesn't dare go –
such as inside a grizzly's gaping mouth. God, that must have
been the last thing Timothy Treadwell ever saw. Remember Tim,
from Werner Herzog's Grizzly Man film, who ended up inside one
of the bears he loved so much? That's the trouble with any bear
documentary – however brilliant the footage, it's never going to
be as good a film as Herzog's, because that had an amazing human
story as well as the bears.
Billy Connolly deserves a mention, doing the narration,
chuckling away; he's enjoying it. I think Billy identifies
with the bears.
Episode 1. The cameras follow Parsnip, a first-time grizzly mum,
and her young cub, Pushki.
Episode 2. The salmon run arrives in Alaska, and Parsnip and Pushki
return to the bay to feed.









Original SOURCE: BBCHD &lt; Cheers
Video: MP4/H264/852*480/25fps
Audio: AAC/2ch/128Kbps
Sample Included: Yes
File Size: 700/714MB
Code: