******A Few Friendly Reminders for the TV Show Sharers******


- Users must seed back to a ratio of at least 1.5:1. Only
1:1 does not keep the file(s) going as only about 90% of
that was useable data to others. 2:1 would be wonderful.
If any user does not like having to pay it forward then
go to a file locker. Simple as that.

- Users must know how to rename a file. Not everything is
going to be named how one likes as different people go by
different television episode guides. Unless there are
numerous sources provided to support the claim, comments
may possibily confuse other users. Recommended to only
rename the file to ones own liking after seeding is done.
Also note that the episode name is not as important as the
season and episode numbers.

- Users must have patience. Not everything is going to be
released instantaneously. Cappers are NOT machines, they
are real people with real lives; jobs; families; other
things far more important. There are also technical flaws
that sometimes occur in a recording which render the whole
video completely useless. A capper then has to wait for a
re-airing to attempt getting a clean, useable recording.

- Users should know how to convert formats. Not everything
will be released in the format of choice. If users took
the time to learn how to use torrents, then they can take
a little more time to learn how to convert file formats.
This also goes for archive files and knowing how to mount
or extract them. Remember, this is the internet, and there
really is plentiful amounts of websites on it with all the
information

- Try to comment on video/audio quality only or mention any
serious technical flaws such as distorted video segments
or major synchronization issues throughout the entire file.
Comments of commercials in the video is alright as a heads
up to other users.


Just remember those who provide entertainment to the users
are volunteers doing everyone a favor. There are going to
be flaws as we are only human. If it's not done to a users
satisfaction, then they should try doing it themselves.


Additional Notes:

- Regarding RAR files that we get from scene. Disgusted and
tired of so many complaints about it from users yet they
have no idea why it is used. There have been a couple users
attempting to explain the reason for them, but no one has
been correct.

It should be common sense, but will spell it out now...

It is impossible to upload an incomplete file. It would
have to be written over again with each bit of progress.
The RAR files are so that completed parts can upload while
the recording and encoding is still going. The RAR files
are how users can get some shows within 10 minutes after
airing. And that's when it reaches P2P, the bottom of the
sharing process. The actual release time was likely only 2
minutes after air.

The use of RAR files is also for uploading purposes. In
case there is a disruption in the connection it can resume
at the last RAR part instead of from the beginning again.