Information;

Release year: 2013
Genre: Arcade / 3D / Top-down
Developer: Candygun Games
Publisher: Kalypso Media
Publication Type: License
Language: English
Sound language: English
Release group: FANiSO

System Requirements:

 Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7
 Processor: Intel Pentium 4 processor 1.7 GHz
 Memory: 1 GB
 Hard drive space: 600 MB
 Sound device: compatible with DirectX 9.0c
 Video: 128 MB RAM

Description:

Game is an arcade game in which you can try your hand at the role of the robber. Its main purpose - to steal as much money, beat all opponents and get to the nearest ATM. Funds obtained by criminal means he spends on new skills, customization, upgrades and many other equally useful things. Multiplayer for 4 people. Only has 3 game modes, the user can protect (Save the Safe), attack (Dollar Dash) or beat their competitors (Hit'n'Run), using a unique, and sometimes comical tactics. Graphics to beat in the best traditions of cartoon-style, which makes the gameplay is not only fun, but also incredibly fun.

Features:

Gather, Dash and Fight: Be the fastest, smartest and craziest
multiplayer battle thief!
Overwhelming Content: 30 maps, over 20 weapons and a number of power-ups
to discover
Multiplayer: 4 player Drop-in & Jump-out multiplayer for instant online
action.
Three intense game modes: Venture through different versus modes, from
Dollar Dash where the fastest win, to Hit'n'Run where the toughest rule
the field.
Single player: Defeat skilled AI opponents to prepare for Online PvP
Shop: Spend in-game cash on Weapon Upgrades, Character Customization,
Perks and more!
Unlock: Collect Badges, unlock many crazy Achievements, and compete on
global Leaderboard.
Easy Controls: Quick to learn and simple to control.

Installalation:

1.) Unpack
2.) Burn or mount
3.) Play the game

Note:

Remember: Local multiplayer requires one game controller per
additional player. Leaderboards in the main menu are not accessable
due to the offline mode of steam. So dont select that.
Game has LAN mode! 