


Michael Bublé
To Be Loved (2013)





allmusic.com...

Vocalist Michael Bublé's 2013 studio album, To Be Loved, is a slick and classy Bob Rock-produced affair that follows up his hit 2011 holiday album, Christmas, and once again showcases the Canadian crooner's take on swinging pop music. Most longtime Bublé fans will have a sense of what to expect here and, in that sense, should be quite pleased with the album. As with previous Bublé releases, To Be Loved finds the vocalist tackling a handful of American Popular Song standards and some more contemporary pop covers. This time around, Bublé even peppers the album with a few very vintage '60s soul-sounding numbers. To these ends, Bublé kicks things off with a brightly swinging take on "You Make Me Feel So Young," turns in a neo-soul version of the Bee Gees "To Love Somebody," and digs deep into Smokey Robinson's "Who's Lovin' You." Also adding flavor here are a few guest appearances including duets with actress Reese Witherspoon, Bryan Adams, and the Puppini Sisters. As with Bublé's last few albums, he gets some co-writing credits, with songs like the sunshine pop-sounding, 'It's a Beautiful Day," and the atmospheric orchestral ballad, "I Got It Easy," registering as two of his best originals. Ultimately, To Be Loved isn't just a perfect showcase for Bublé's voice, it’s also one of his most diverse and enjoyable albums. 



Audio Quality:		Flac (Lossless)
Audiochecker:	     	99.93% CDDA
Label:			Reprise
Catalog:		9362494497





Audio-Info:


01.You Make Me Feel So Young
02.It's A Beautiful Day
03.To Love Somebody
04.Who's Lovin' You
05.Something Stupid (Feat. Reese Witherspoon)
06.Come Dance With Me
07.Close Your Eyes
08.After All (Feat. Bryan Adams)
09.Have I Told You Lately That I Love You (Feat. Naturally 7)
10.To Be Loved
11.You've Got A Friend In Me
12.Nevertheless (I'm In Love With You) (Feat. The Puppini Sisters)
13.I Got It Easy
14.Young At Heart









Thanks for Seeding
Enjoy...