2011 Best College Student App
2010 Best Young Adults App for iPad!
2010 Best Parenting App for iPad!
2009 Best App Ever Award Winner in Education category!

A student's life is a dizzying mix of activity and just plain craziness! Take charge of your schedule and put iStudiez Pro to work for you! Take advantage of iStudiez Pro easy navigation and never miss another course, lecture and lab, track tasks and deadlines, plan homework, arrange assignments and much more!

- Are you a student surviving high school, college or university epoch?
- Are you a teacher aiming to track down all the courses and classes you lead?
- Are you a parent trying to take care of your kids and to catch up while they are in elementary?

Then iStudiez is for you!

***************************

Once you start using the app you will immediately want nothing else to be the tool to arrange all your schedule and homework once and for good. Read below and find out why iStudiez Pro would be the most efficient app on your device!

iStudiez Pro is...

...ORGANIZING YOUR SCHEDULE
Unique built-in planner lets you input and easy manage all types of schedules including classic, alternating (A & B weeks), rotating and block schedule.
Not only you can enter most common course details, but also add instructors with all related information such as office hours, affiliation, phone number and email address. As well you are welcome to add holiday periods and even cancel separate classes in case of outstanding events.
In addition, you are supplied with an expanded set of icons designed especially for iStudiez Pro to mark your class types and extracurricular activities. Color labels are available for your convenience to mark each particular course.

...FOLLOWING UP WITH YOUR HOMEWORK
Special section is dedicated to keep track of your homework and assignments. Whatever is the way you are used to manage your tasks, you will find it all in iStudiez Pro. Either you want to organize your assignments by date, by course or by priority, or sort them into pending and completed, you have all options at your hand.

...SUMMARIZING IT UP FOR YOU
Once your schedule is added, the summary of current classes and tasks is automatically reflected in Today view.
You'll see list of events and assignments including all details such as event type, location, time left, class instructor, number of tasks pending and what's next on schedule.
Courses reflected in Today view are easily modifiable in each and every detail.
Today icon always sticks you to the current date!

...TRACKING YOUR GRADE/GPA
This option is based on assignments (support of weighted/non-weighted assignments), and GPA calculator is available both for current and past semesters. Support of most world used grading scales (letter grades, percents, points).

...KEEPING YOU ALERT
You will always be up to date with pending tasks and upcoming classes and events with iStudiez Pro. The app boasts Push Notifications feature which allows you set general alarm time for your classes and separate alarms for each of your assignments and homework.
Setting the alarms is quick and smartly integrated within the interface of the app, so prepare to be the most resulting fellow ever with no special memorizing efforts!

...GUARDING YOUR DATA
No way you will ever lose your data if something's wrong with your device. iStudiez Pro takes care of you and offers the option to back up your data by sending it to your e-mail address with tapping just one button!