Two Moons Rising - Easter Weekend, April 2006. Recorded live in Phoenix, AZ

Discover the beginning processes involved in the expedited TaKEYon Activation Cycle, which is beginning 9 years earlier than planned, to override the activation of the Threshold Spiral, which has been ‘arranged’ by a Fallen group called the ThE-tans. Early TaKEYon Cycle activation and the timing there-of, will be crucial in order to ‘intercept’ the ‘Threshold Spiral’ which is capable of taking all the structures and associated Life-Forms in this entire Ecka-Veca Universe, that were previously headed for either the Ascension Path or Cal-Fall, into Sho-na Black Hole Fall.

The expedited TaKEYon Cycle, that the Indigo Team are now assisting in, will be critical in preventing this intended ThE-tan take-over and providing an alternative Cal (Guff) Fall path for hosting Fallen Races AND of course in maintaining an ascending path for Kristic Races into the Middle Domains and Inner Hub Worlds for a successful StarFire Cycle.

Provides updates on the current status of the drama we find ourselves in the middle of. Tauren Light Seed activation, steps 1-17 (aka Preliminary Sequence: ‘Setting the Creation Program’ which prepares us for Preparing the programming medium” and “accessing the Creation Program” in the steps 18-22C and then in the final steps 23&24). Assistance from Christiac Races, Rainbow-Sun Krystal-Matrix Speakers, assisting us to experience "Absolute Love", with progressive levesl of ReShaLA training.

Training our internal eyes of RaShaLA, the deep inner space of the Sadhi SAta state and the ‘cock-pit’ of Creation. Remembering ourselves with our ancient White-Heliotalic Cosmic garments, which we’ll be wearing when traveling within our Ra-Sha-LA and Sadhi Spheres. Linking to the Urtha Host Shield for personal activation of the 1728 personal Edon keys of the expedited TaKEYon cycle, needed to enter into the Hub Domains.

Keylona Sparks, Keylon Crystal Fire Letters, Keylon codes, fire-letter sequences, the kelontic lattice, The Piatso Electric response, the Spark of Adama proto-sparks, firing of the fire-letters, The Keylontic Keys, the KaSha keys, quatum differentials, quantum equilibrium, harmonic keys, the Keys of E-na Ka, PkE quatum building Cycles, Photo-sparks, Oscillation of the Ta-Ur, the Ta’Ur hydrogen bond, the Ta-KEY-on neutral field, the Ta-KEY-on flash point, HELI-OM, the STILL point, The Zero Point and the Winds of Allah/AllA. Learn how the Winds of Allah-AllA through the generation of spark currents flowing in and out of the Creation Point at the center of the Na-DA-Ur or ‘Diamond Doorway’.
