[FTVGirls] Hannah (The Healthy Kind Of Teen / 03.02.2013)
res:1080p

This sporty girl from Colorado starts with what she likes doing the most -- go hiking up a local mountain trail. Of course this is FTV, so there is some public nudity involved on this rather busy trail! With her little shorts and top, she very easily flashes her private parts while stretching (and can put her leg right up above her!) and running topless while people notice. Eventually she is dared to take everything off, and she's hiking in the nude! She then goes home to masturbate with a vibrator, and ends up having a very strong orgasm with very strong 'popping' vaginal contractions that brings a big smile on her face! We get to see extreme closeups as she spreads for us, and she's wet inside... The sporty theme continues as she shows off her flexible moves in the busy gym, and flashes her breasts until she's asked to leave. Out at a tennis court, she finds a bench and starts fingering herself, wet and juicy sounds can be heard... daring to go further, once again she strips down completely! Back to masturbating again, she has another strong orgasm, wow is it a powerful one! We get even closer to see her play with her private parts. Then, in the nude, she dances to some of her favorite techno music, with skills she learned from dancing classes. Time to look classy and sexy, putting on a yellow dress and pink heels, and walk out in the rain, flashing at a park and a parking area. The dress is pretty seethrough, and her nipples show through. Upskirt views lead to a kinky scene with a cucumber, doing her best to have sex with her rather petite vagina. Then she fires up the Vibraking Toy, and it brings her to the strongest orgasm of her life! It makes her squirt too, and she's never done that before. The whole experience is a total surprise to her, and an incredible finish to her day. This was her total first time experience in adult, and a very genuinely fun girl to watch

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=3qzp8gbve3x6hwhu2vs6.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=zriym9g4z5pktlkhdiqr.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=w6kd15gqyfrr50cnzarv.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=db6so4yf4befos15utr7.jpg