Henry Purcell - Dido and Aeneas  Dido and Aeneas (Richard Hickox), (Maria Ewing, Karl Daymond, Rebecca Evans) [2008, Film-Opera, DVDRip]

Henry Purcell - Dido and Aeneas

Year : 2008 Label : Kultur Video Country of Origin : US and Canada Genre : Film-Opera Duration : 56 min 9 sec Language : English Subtitles : Russian, on the basis of a translation Yu Dimitrin Directed by : Richard Hickox 

Artists : Dido - Maria Ewing (Soprano) Aeneas - Karl Daymond (Baritone) Belinda - Rebecca Evans (Soprano)

Sorceress - Sally Burgess (Mezzo Soprano) 
Second Woman - Patricia Rozario (Soprano) 
First Enchantress - Mary Plazas (Soprano) 
Second Enchantress - Pamela Helen Stephen (Mezzo Soprano) 
Mercury - Francois Testory (Voice) 
Voice of Mercury - James Bowman (countertenor) 


Description : Purcell created for England first true opera, and though brilliant. It was written to a libretto by the then-known poet N.Teta, literary source for which was the "Aeneid" - the famous epic poem by Virgil Roman classics Maron. Out of the thirty-eight issues of "Dido" fifteen - that's choirs. Chorus - a lyrical drama interpreter, adviser of the heroine and her entourage is scenically. , is particularly clearly evident ability of the composer to combine different genres and means of expression - from the finest lyrics to juicy and tart people's everyday language, from realistic images of everyday life to the fairy-tale fantasy Shakespeare Theater . The farewell song of the heroine - passacaglia - one of the most beautiful arias ever created in the history of music. The British are proud of it. idea of "Dido and Aeneas" highly humanistic. The heroine of the drama - the sad victim of the game of dark forces of hate and destruction. Her image is full of charm and psychological truth, the forces of darkness as embodied in Shakespeare's dynamism and panache. All product sounds like a bright hymn of humanity. However, the opera "Dido and Aeneas" was staged in the XVII century, only once - in 1689, and not on the stage, and in a boarding house for finishing school in Chelsea. This was followed by two performances - one at the beginning and another at the end of XVIII century. It took another hundred years before the creation of the best of England's greatest composer was retrieved from the archives and was confirmed by the British, and later on the world stage.

I'm right here in the forum
  
https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=148227&pid=864776#pid864776