On May 1st and 2nd of 2013, The Animal Agriculture Alliance held it's annual "stakeholders summit" at the Westin Arlington Gateway Hotel in Arlington Virginia*. The event brought together prominent voices from across the animal exploitation industries in the U.S., with a specific focus on winning the hearts and minds of the general public through a combination of secrecy, PR spin, and lawmaking. When you read the schedule of speakers below, you'll see that this is not some collection small family farmers. These are some of the biggest names in Big Ag in the U.S. currently, and examining this conference, and seeing the industry machinations at work, we believe will be incredibly instructive for activists in the U.S. and abroad. The conversations are candid, and focused on protecting Big Ag at all costs. Each session is full of shocking quotes from industry insiders, and though the sessions are long, they are all worth listening to.

As reported by Will Potter on Green is the New Red, though organizers had initially invited media to attend, they later barred Potter, as well as pro-animal lawyers, from attending. Fortunately, twitter user @ARhinehart1 tweeted out the AAA's link to streaming video from Day 1 of the conference, and we at CrueltyLeaks were able to capture virtually the entire day and make it available in a more accessible form.



ANIMAL AGRICULTURE ALLIANCE STAKEHOLDERS CONFERENCE 2013
ACTIVISTS AT THE DOOR: PROTECTING ANIMALS, FARMS, FOOD & CONSUMER CONFIDENCE
THE COMPLETE DAY 1 VIDEO COLLECTION


--------------

Session 1:

8:30 a.m. Welcome From the Alliance  w/ Paul Pressley, Alliance Chairman of the Board and Executive Vice President, U.S. Poultry & Egg Assn. & Tom Brand, National Association of Farm Broadcasting Executive Director and Summit Moderator
8:50 a.m. Farm Protection Legislation: How it Promotes Animal Care w/ Joe Miller, General Counsel, Rose Acre Farms


--------------

Session 2:

9:45 a.m. Demystifying the Blogosphere: How to Engage Online Moms, w/ David Wescott, Director, Digital Strategy APCO Worldwide & ΓÇ£Mommy WhispererΓÇ¥; Sarah Braesh, Online Mom and Blogger for Sarah and the Goon Squad; Babble; and Draft Day Suit; & Joanne Bamberger, Online Mom and author of Mothers of Intention: How Women and Social Media are Revolutionizing Politics in America; blogger for Pundit Mom

11:00 a.m. Managing Crisis: The Value of Communications throughout the Food Chain w/ Dallas Hockman, Vice President of Industry Relations, National Pork Producers Council & Rob Morasco CEC, Senior Director Offer Development-Campus Services, Sodexo USA


--------------

Session 3:

 1:15 p.m. Hallmark/Westland: Lessons Learned and Advice for Industry w/ Dr. Richard Raymond, Former Under-Secretary, USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service & Steve Sayer, former Food & Safety Occupational Consultant, Hallmark/Westland Meat Co.


--------------

Session 4:

2:45 p.m. Managing Crisis: Engaging with Media on Controversial Topics w/  Katy Keiffer, Host and Producer, Straight, No chaser Program, Heritage Radio Network & Sarah Muirhead, Editor, Feedstuffs

3:45 p.m. Bridging the Divide: Transparency and Consumer Confidence w/ Charles Penry, Vice President, Government Relations, Tyson Foods; Janet Riley, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Professional Development, American Meat Institute; Terry Fleck, Executive Director, Center for Food Integrity

5:00 p.m. IΓÇÖm Farming and I Grow It w/ Greg Peterson, Peterson Farm Brothers, Video Parody Co-Creator


--------------


*This is, ironically enough, the same location where Farm Sanctuary held it's first ever Conference To End Factory Farming in 2011, we areYou can watch the complete video collection from that conference by clicking the link here, and scrolling down to your chosen talk.

