Over 63 hours of Dhamma talks by Venerable Dhammavuddho!

Dhammavuddho Thero is a Malaysian of Chinese descent. He graduated from University of Malaya and worked as an electrical engineer with the Public Works of Department for twelve years before going forth into the homeless life. His interest in religion led him to study the world's major religions for a few years before meeting the Buddha's teachings in 1976.

In 1983, he went forth into the homeless life in the Mahayana tradition. He was re-ordained in the Theravada tradition in Thailand three years later. After that he spent about ten years living the solitary lifestyle in quiet places. He has written numerous booklets and articles on Buddhism, e.g. "Return to the Original Buddha Teachings", "Message of the Buddha", "Buddhist Monk's Precepts", etc.

in 1998, through donations from his supporters, he founded a 15 acre forest monastery, Vihada Buddha Gotama, just outside the town of Temoh, near Kampar, in the state of Perak. The monastery is mainly for the study of the Suttas (discourses) and Vinaya (monastic discipline), and the practice of meditation, according to the original teachings of the Buddha. It is open to monks and nuns (marchees or anagarinis), and also laymen and laywomen.

In 1999, a Sangha Foundation was registered with the following objectives:
(a) To foster the teaching, practice and understanding of the Buddha-dhamma - i.e. the teaching of the Buddha, with special emphasis on the Theravada tradition - for the Buddhist Community.
(b) To participate in social and welfare activities for the benefit of mankind.
(c) To do all such acts and things as are in the opinion of the Foundation necessary for the attainment of the aforesaid objectives.

Topics in the mp3:

What the Buddha taught
Dana and Sila
Kamma Vipaka
Worldly Currency Vs Spiritual Currency
Practicality of the Dhamma
Early Buddhism in India
Life Story of the Buddha
Strive, Not Pray
Life's Spiritual Lessons
Appreciation of Parents' Love
Compassion
Misconceptions about Buddhism
8 Worldly Conditions & Clearing Doubts
Lay Buddhist Practice
Importance of the Buddha's Discourses
30 Planes of Existence
Mangala Sutta
Relationship between Buddhist Laity and Sangha
Dhamma Discussion at Kedah Buddhist Association
Contradictions in Buddhism
Kamma and Meat Eating
Chinese Tradition and Buddhism
Right View (Singapore)
Four Ariyan Truths
Stream-entry is by Listening to Dhamma
Five Aggregates of Attachment
How to Become an Ariya
Noble Eightfold Path
Dependent Origination
Dependent Origination of Liberation
Dhamma Discussion at Kajang
Vijja Carana Sampanno
Satipatthana
Dhamma Discussion on Sakkaya Ditthi, etc
Dhamma Discussion at Kuching
Buddhist Meditation
Meditation on Self
Sati Sampajanna
Samatha and Vipassana
One Day Retreat Talks
Banner of the Arahants
General Mindfulness the Buddha taught not