The Trojan Remover is one of the anti-malware software specifically designed to secure your PC from tampering malicious programs such as Trojan Horses, Worms, Adware, and Spyware. This software is very effective in detecting and removing malware that hide in the computer system, as well as lightweight and easy to use. In addition Loaris Trojan Remover is very friendly with Antivirus so it is suitable if the software is to be advocates for the antivirus you use.



Trojan Remover 1.2.8.0
Software Features: Trojan Remover aids in the removal of Malware - Trojan Horses, Worms, Adware, Spyware - when standard anti-virus software either fails to detect them or fails to effectively eliminate them. Standard antivirus programs are good at detecting this Malware, but not always good at effectively removing it. The majorities of Anti-Malware Scanners are well able to detect malicious software - Trojan Horses, Internet Worms, Adware/Spyware etc. - but are not always efficient in removing them once they have been triggered.

Trojan Remover is designed specifically to disable/remove Malware without the user having to manually edit system files or the Registry. The program also removes the additional system modifications some Malware carries out which are ignored by some standard antivirus scanners. Trojan Remover scans ALL the files loaded at boot time for Adware, Spyware, Remote Access Trojans, Internet Worms and other malware. Two types are available.
The Standard scan quickly scans the system with no need for further configuration of the scan parameters.The Custom scanΓÇª allows the user to select any of the folders for scan.

Are you bombarded with popup ads, seeing new toolbars in your browser, is your home page changing to unwanted destinations or are you bombarded with irritating spam? Perhaps strange software loads on startup or your favorites have new entries that YOU DONT WANT. If So... Your PC is most likely infected with adware, spyware, spybot, trojans or another internet parasite.

These programs have the ability to track your browsing habits and even steal such personal information as bank account numbers and passwords. Spyware has the power to install more parasites on your computer without your consent. Everything you do and everything you type is being recorded right now! Companies know what your interests are! Hackers will access your PC and do anything they wish. They can even steal your Identity and You would never be the wiser!

The Additional Tools:

Reset Internet Explorer Home/Start/Search Page Settings
Some Malware programs make changes to the Internet Explorer Home, Start and Search Page settings in order to re-direct the web browser to different websites. This Utility will reset the Home/Start/Search pages to standard Defaults. You can then manually reset your Home Page to your website of choice (or leave it "blank", the default).

Reset HOSTS file
The Windows HOSTS file is a text file which stores website addresses. The file can be used to speed up access to websites you visit often - by equating the website name (e.g. microsoft.com) with its DNS address, the web browser can find the website more quickly as it does not have to query a DNS Name Server. Some Malware programs add entries to this file, to either deny access to websites (usually security-related or antivirus company websites), or to re-direct access to websites of their choosing.

Reset Windows Update Policies
Some Malware programs attempt to prevent Windows Update from running, and inhibit access to resetting Windows Update by blanking out the Windows Update options on the Update configuration screen. This Utility will check the current Windows Update settings and correct them where necessary.