My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 11

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 2 - Married

Young marrieds Dan and Steph love their rock festivals, the races, barbies and beer.

But make no mistake: this down-to-earth Hervey Bay couple are serious foodies. "We're la-de-dah with what we cook, but we're not la-de-dah with how we serve it: it's paper towels and a carton of XXXX in the backyard." says Dan.

Together six years and married three, Steph, 30 and Dan, 31 went to the same school. "We weren't that fond of each other," says Dan. "She actually dated my brother in Year 8."

Years went by then, explains Dan, he noticed her on Melbourne Cup day at the local pub. Steph says, "I gave him the brush for about three weeks."

Dan proposed the following Melbourne Cup day and they married the Saturday post cup day the very next year.

As if there's any doubt, Dan, a painter and decorator, and Steph, an advertising executive, love horse racing. "We try to go to the races whenever we go to another city," says Dan.

There other huge passion is food. "Dan is the strong cook," says Steph. "I wasn't a cook before we got together. He's taught me so much."

"I love to cook meat. I make my own sausages. My big passionΓÇ¿at the moment is snags," says Dan. "I've also got a smokehouse. It's the manly thing to do ΓÇô smoke stuff. I can't find anything better than a smoked piece of mullet."

Steph loves baking: "Chocolate ganache cake, lime tarts with toasted coconut on top. I will try anything, give anything a crack."

The couple unleash their creativity on their friends regularly. "I kind of feel sorry for them," laughs Dan. "We experiment on them."

"We get a big rush out of watching people enjoy our food," says Steph.

Dan claims to have invented 120 different types of sausage and has kept a diary of all of them. His current favourite out of all the creations is his Mexican sausage. "It's beef, then I toast up taco shells, really, really toasted so they've got that pungent corn thing happening, then put them through mortar and pestle to a powder, do up my own Mexican seasoning, roasted capsicum, red onions and all I do is serve it with sour cream. My friends are like, "It's like a taco in a sausage!'"
Eventually the couple would like to have one or two food vans. "I want to be the sausage king of Hervey Bay," laughs Dan.

