one of Dicks Americana collection

Artist: Trampled By Turtles
Release: Duluth
Discogs: 2720791
Released: 2008
Label: Banjodad Records
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / CD
Country: US
Style: Folk, World, & Country, Rock, Folk Rock, Country, Bluegrass

Tracklisting:

01. November
02. White Noise
03. The Darkness And The Light
04. Truck
05. Empire
06. Methodism In Middle America
07. Nobody Else
08. Pipe Knot
09. Think It Over
10. Duluth
11. Shenandoah
12. Hammock Singing

The potent and compelling, yet soothing and heart warming men of the Northland, often referred to as the Trampled by Turtles, have combined forces of Minnesota’s finest stomping grounds to create a telling tale of Minnesota history and bewilderment with their 5th album efficaciously titled “Duluth.”
Tramped by Turtles have wowed not only the state over the 5-years they have been strumming, plucking and vocally empowering, but they have also dazzled the country with bluegrass rhythms, punk attitudes, country tuned souls and pure hearts of musical sentiment, and with this new album they display each piece that they have gathered throughout the years.
“Duluth” brings a new flavor of symphonious cornbread to the table that is spiced with an unspoiled musical sugar. With each album these men spread on the harmonious butter so that the musical dinner table has a new taste, and “Duluth” is no different.
The speed pluck-fest of “The Darkness and The Light,” has a soul of its own, showing only love for Minnesota’s vast fields of wonderment, and “Methodism in Middle America” brings down the tone to a quiescent strum of truth stuck in the current societal landscape. Each track on the album tells a deep-hearted tale of life, love, reality and freedom.
Whether the listener needs a boost of day-to-day potency or a serene mental outlook on the tundra-doused Northland known as Minnesota, Dave Simonett on vocals and guitar, Tim Saxhaug on bass and vocals, Dave Carroll on banjo and vocals, Erik Berry on mandolin and vocals or Ryan Young on the fiddle will give all that any Northlander might want or need within “Duluth.”
If the entire album doesn’t tickle the Midwestern chilled charm-bone, which is doubtful, the serenading mellifluousness of the track “Duluth” will surely heat the below-freezing Minnesotan heart. Each track on “Duluth” was recorded live in the studio by the musical magus Rich Mattson, and slathered together by a group of five northern men of virtuoso that have gathered a basket of unrefined rhythmic vegetation for listeners to chew upon.
After the first four albums touched the beauty of the countryside, Trampled by Turtles have come around to bring it all home with “Duluth” an album of thawing exquisiteness, serene musical greenery and a conglomeration of musical charm built from all that Minnesota offers.