This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong, right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road, all bets are off.

Video: 720x304 @bitrate 1700 2pass
Audio: English AC3 2.0 Line
Sample: yes 2 include

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1951261/


Sources:

Video: Russian Video: (Malchishnik.Chast.III.2013.D.Ts)
Audio: Sweet Line

Encode:

the russian video is still the best around atm and there is no better around next week, so i went with that.
the russian video is basically nice, just flickering throughout the movie, comes and goes, first 40mins its
more afterwards only occasionally, and had some noise in the video.

Video:

the first 14mins the cam was slightly skewed and aimed too low so black borders visible, after that the cammer
noticed it and fixed the screen. ( 2 times out of focus for 10 secs too btw, nothing to worry though)

so i cut out that 14 mins and treated them as needed
normally a good way would be to crop them away and resize, but than you would loose a lot video below too, and
since video isnt the best it looked worse, so i decided to do a workaround that.
fixed the skew, cropped 2 lines above and below to get it straightened and changed aspect to fit rest of the video.
so for the first 14 mins you have now same video just other aspect but nothing is stretched or unnneeded cropped
looks perfect like this, afterwards video is nice till the end.
you wont notice the aspect change whilest watching.

after i had full video i fixed brightness,contrast,hue,saturation and removed the noise in the video.

Audio:

was sweet line, sounds very nice, lipsynced to video

overall i would say if you cant wait to watch it(like me) this is a decent version now for you to get here.
(watched it on 52", was ok to watch, got used to the flicker after half an hour)
if you want to wait for a non flickering version you might need to wait a very good week - up to you!!

included 2 samples, 1 within the first 14mins where you can see the added borders, the other is from rest of the video

still got nice
enjoy
 
http://imgbox.com/g/4C5Z5k40JE