DDR Presents

Brahmachari (1938) Marathi VCD_Indian Cinema_The Early Years_Classic [DDR]

Brahmachari was a roaring success and made screen history by running for twenty-five weeks in Bombay and fifty-two weeks in Pune. 
Brahmachari was perhaps one of the earliest Indian films in which the heroine appeared in a bathing costume in a sensational seduction song!. 
A brilliant combination of wit, satire and romance, Brahmachari, a bilingual made in Marathi and Hindi boldly ridiculed puritanical social norms and at the same time had the audience laughing uncontrollably. 

CAST:- Meenakshi Shirodkar, Salvi, V.G. Jog, Bapurao Pawar, Javdekar, Damuanna Malvankar, Vinayak Ketkar, Vinayak Chaskar, Menaxi Shirodkar, 	
	
Director: 	Vinayak Chaskar
Music by Dada Chandekar
Lyrics by Pandit Indra 

Songs are included in MP3s
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 00. Title Music and Screen Credits_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 01. Preetivina Veda Pisa_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 01b. Short Song 1_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 02. Chala Chala Re_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 03. Gari Gara Phirauya_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 04. Yamuna Jali khelu Khel_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 05. Yava Ghyava Khava_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 06. Phiravana Sakhya_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 07. Paakhara Preetichyare_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 08. Yaho Raisa_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 09. Short Song 2_Pandit Indra_Dada Chandekar
Brahmachari (1938) Marathi 10. Yaho Raisa END SONG


MOVIE REVIEW:- Brahmachari (1938) Marathi
This film was directed by Master Vinayak and written by Pralhad Keshav Atre and starred Master Vinayak himself along with Meenakshi Shirodkar in lead roles. The film was a political satire targeted on the Hindu nationalist organization Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. The film was also made in Hindi language.

The film owes its success to the dialogues by Acharya PK Atre in the Marathi version and Pandit Indra in the Hindi version. The situations in which the hero finds himself sparkle with wit and the film moves along at a quick tempo greatly helped by Vinayak's performance in the central role, a simple minded innocent pitted against entrenched hypocrisy and fossilized beliefs. Though he was called Audumbar in the Marathi version, in the Hindi version he was called Kanhaiya and was a total antithesis of the original Kanhaiya (Lord Krishna) the great lover. Vinayak's aversion to religious bigotry and social hypocrisy combined with Atre's keen sense of satire make for an extremely entertaining film with outrageous humour and gentle mockery. 

Atre paired with Master Vinayak for the second time for this film after the 1937 film Dharmaveer. Apart from the witty dialogues and satirical theme, the film became popular for Shirodkar's seductive song sequence wearing a swimsuit.

Audumbar is a young and ordinary man. On one occasion he happens to listen to the lecture given by Deshbhakta Jatashankar. Jatashankar in his speech emphasizes on discipline and celibacy, the pricipals of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. This speech inspires Audumbar and he decides to join the institute of Acharya Chandiram. He renounces his sexual desires and also throws away his collection of posters of film actors.

But at the institute, he comes across Kishori, a young woman and all his vows to Brahmacharya are tested.


Pralhad Keshav Atre, who had previously published many novels, poems and also written stories and dialogues for films, paired with Master Vinayak for the second time for this film. Previously they had worked together on the 1937 Marathi film Dharmaveer, which was a religious satire.

The film was actress Meenakshi Shirodkar's debut film. She had previously worked in theatre. The film became notable for the song sequence "Yamuna Jali Khelu Khel" where Shirodkar wore a swimsuit. The scene involved the character Kishori trying to seduce Audumbar while bathing on a ghat.

The film had dialogues written by Atre, who is known for his sense of humour. His satirical handling of political nationalist party Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh's ideologies in the Marathi medium and Pandit Indra's writing for the Hindi medium brought in audiences. Critics have also credited the success of the film to these strong dialogue writers. Apart from the dialogues, the film's main attraction was Shirodkar's song sequence with the swimsuit that brought repeat audience and also brought fame to Shirodkar. The film was a hit at box-office and ran for twenty five weeks in Mumbai and for fifty in Pune.The then critics had also criticized the bold song sequence.

After stunning the traditional Marathi audience and despite the criticism for the bold scene, the film brought popularity for Shirodkar. Her twin-plait hairstyle also became popular and trendy in teenage girls. The pair of Master Vinayak and Shirodkar was well received by audiences. The two went on to play successful lead roles in various film like Brandichi Batli (1939), Ardhangi / Ghar Ki Rani (1940), Amrut (1941), Mazhe Bal (1943) and more.

The film was also adapted as a play of same name in 1984. It starred Prashant Damle and Varsha Usgaonkar in lead roles and was directed by Damu Kenkre. The music was revived by Ashok Patki and the popular song "Yamuna Jali Khelu Khel" was still maintained with Usgaonkar now in swimsuit trying to seduce Damle. The play proved to be a turning point for the current female lead also. Usgaonkar was noticed by director-actor Sachin Pilgaonkar, who then launched her in films through Gammat Jammat.

The song "Yamuna Jali Khelu Khel" still remains popular. After its use in Kenkre's play, the song was recently also used in the film Pratibimb (2011). Sung by new comer Sampada Hire, the music is composed by Avadhoot Gupte and is picturised on Ankush Choudhary and Sonali Kulkarni.


SYNOPSIS:- Brahmachari (1938)
This film addresses the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a Hindu organization emphasizing celibacy and discipline, which became the power base of the right-wing Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). An ordinary young man Audumbar (Vinayak), inspired by a militant lecture on bachelorhood and nationalism by the Deshbhakta Jatashankar (Javdekar), renounces sexual desire, throws away his collection of movie star posters, starts exercising his muscles in the tradition of Hanuman's disciples and joins the Self-Help Institute of the Acharya Chandiram (Malvankar). All his discipline comes to naught in the face of Kishori (Meenakshi)

An ordinary young man Audumbar (Vinayak) inspired by a militant lecture on bachelorhood and nationalism by the Deshbhakta Jatashankar (Javdekar), renounces his sexual desire, throws away his collection of movie star posters, starts exercising his muscles in the tradition of Hanuman's disciples and joins the Self-Help Institute of the Acharya Chandiram (Malvankar) where he devotes himself to spinning and wielding the broom. All his discipline however comes to naught as he encounters Kishori (Meenakshi), the young and charming dayghter of a visiting forest officer. The god of celibacy has to beat a hasty retreat leaving Audumbar at the mercy of the God of Love!

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Codec: MPEG-1
Video Bitrate: 1119 kbps
Video Resolution: 352x288
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec:  MPEG-1 Layer 2
Audio Bitrate: 224kb/s CBR 44100 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: Marathi
RunTime: 2:14:56
Subtitles: NONE
Ripped by: [DDR]    
Duration: 2:14:56