Nero 12 Platinum is a multimedia software suite that lets you capture, convert and consume your movies, music and photos for the best HD home entertainment experience. Nero 12 Platinum was built to support Windows 8 and provides the best experience for enjoying Blu-ray Discs. With Nero 12 Platinum, it is fast and easy to achieve the results you want by working seamlessly across the applications in the suite. Nero 12 Platinum supports the latest video formats and has everything you need to convert, edit, burn, stream and enjoy your movies, music and photos in high-definition.

Stream your movies, photo slideshows and music playlists throughout your home
Avoid the hassle of recreating photo albums, slideshows or music playlists to stream on different devices in your home. With Nero 12 Platinum, create them once and then stream them to your XBOX 360™, PS3™, iPad®, Android tablet, PC, digital media adaptor, streaming-enabled TV, or other DLNA- or UPnP-supported devices.

One player for all your videos and music
Forget the hassle of using different players for your video and audio discs and files. With Nero 12 Platinum, you get one media player that can simply handle everything.

Total support for high-definition AVCHD™ Progressive video
Import, edit and export videos in AVCHD™ Progressive (50p/60p) format. Quickly output it with SmartEncoding. Rip it to virtually any other video file format. Nero 12 Platinum lets you do just about everything with your high-definition videos so you can enjoy them on any device.

Use the latest high-quality video formats to convert, edit and burn your movies
AVC/264, MKV, MP4, 3GP, AVI… there’s hardly a video format or codec around that Nero 12 Platinum doesn’t support.

Give your home movies some pizzazz 
Spruce up your home movies with 800+ easy-to-use video effects, templates themes and disc menus. Now with Nero 12 Platinum, stabilize shaky videos from your smartphone or handheld camera. Add a touch of nostalgia with brand-new film-style effects and retro film themes. Create Hollywood-quality Blu-ray Discs™ or DVD-Video™ discs, complete with menus, navigation, graphics and text.

Finally digitize your analog movie collection
Get around to that project you’ve always wanted to tackle. Convert all your analog movies to Blu-ray Disc™, DVD or virtually any file format so they continue to keep pace with your playback equipment.

Disaster-proof your data with improved backup device support
From financial records to irreplaceable photos, it’s a snap to make sure all your most important data is backed up routinely and automatically. Now, back up to hard drives larger than 2 TB and the latest-generation USB 3.0 storage devices. Plus, automatically discover and configure your NAS device for a network backup or backup your data to the cloud.

Economically span large data files across multiple discs
With the all-new Nero DiscSpan SmartFit feature, automatically span large files efficiently across multiple discs. Even combine disc types (CD, DVD and Blu-ray Disc) to use as few of them as possible.

A bunch of free tools to enhance your experience
Make professional-looking disc covers and labels. Mix your own music tracks and edit audio files exactly to your liking. When you upgrade to Nero 12 Platinum, you can download Nero CoverDesigner, Nero SoundTrax and Nero WaveEditor – all for free!

Get exactly the results you want faster than ever
With hundreds of performance improvements ranging from hardware accelerated video encoding to a split installer that lets you get up and running in 5 minutes, it’s never been faster or easier to get exactly the results you want than with Nero 12 Platinum. With the greatly improved Nero Kwik Media library at the heart of Nero 12 Platinum, it’s never been easier to work across applications or faster to find and use exactly the photo, song or video clip you want.

It’s ready for Windows 8 when you are
Don’t make the leap to Windows 8 without Nero 12 Platinum or you may lose out on DVD and Blu-ray Disc™ playback on your PC, DVD recording and TV capturing. Thinking of waiting awhile before you upgrade your OS? Not to worry, Nero 12 Platinum works perfectly on Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP, too.


New Features Added to Nero 12 Platinum (v. 12.5)

The Nero Suite Update provides additional device profiles for converting video to the latest smartphone and tablets. It gives you encoding performance improvements, and video feature enhancements for the home entertainment environment. It is the best product for connecting your media at home.

Intelligent Job Handling: 
Job-to-device enables easy grouping of multiple projects targeting one device destination

Improved Encoding Speed: 
Improved encoding speed with automatic detection of installed GPU acceleration device

Latest Device Profiles: 
Extensive device support for cross-platform Android, iOS, and Windows 8 RT mobile devices

Customize powerful Nero Film Effect and save as your own template: 
Nero 12 Platinum includes powerful Nero Film Effect. Now, with the latest version, you can not only customize the Nero Film Effect, but you can also save them as a drag & drop template in Advanced and Express editing.

Match music to project: 
Now, with just one click you can match your soundtrack to your project, including video or photo. The music duration will automatically be aligned to your project length, including fade-ins, fade-outs, and looped sections when necessary.

Get even more performance for editing & exporting: 
Use more tracks for complex HD video projects and get even faster output results.



Please Read the given install notes 

Regards Cyclonoid