A novel critique that undermines Christianity and theism at their foundations

Hundreds of millions of people believe that Jesus came back from the dead. Philosopher Matthew S. McCormick presents a decidedly unpopular view in this cogent, forcefully argued bookΓÇönamely, that the central tenet of Christianity, the resurrection of Jesus, is false. McCormick asks a number of probing questions:

Is the evidence about Jesus as it has been relayed to us over the centuries of sufficient quantity and quality to justify belief in the resurrection? How can we accept the resurrection but reject magic at the Salem witch trials? What light does contemporary research about human rationality from the fields of behavioral economics, empirical psychology, cognitive science, and philosophy shed on the resurrection and religious belief? Can we use contemporary research about the reliability of people's beliefs in the supernatural, miracles, and the paranormal to shed light on the origins of Christianity and other religions? Does it make sense that the all-powerful creator of the universe would employ miracles to achieve his ends? Can a Christian believe by faith alone and yet reasonably deny the supernatural claims of other religions? Do the arguments against Christianity support atheism?

By carefully answering each of these questions, Atheism and the Case against Christ undermines Christianity and theism at their foundations; it gives us a powerful model for better critical reasoning; and it builds a compelling case for atheism. Without stooping to condescension or arrogance, McCormick offers persuasive arguments that are accessible, thoughtful, and new.


Review

"Can a case be made against Jesus Christ? Matt McCormick believes so and he is correct. In fact, McCormick shows in Atheism and the Case against Christ that belief in Jesus as the Son of God, Savior of Mankind, and so on, rest on shabby arguments and poor scholarship. Thus the views that most Christians hold, he argues, are entirely unjustified.

"In my judgment Matt McCormick's book is one of the bestΓÇöif not the bestΓÇöcritique of the core of Christianity ever written. It is clear, comprehensive, cogent, and current. McCormick writes in a clear, straightforward manner and at the same time covers all the important points comprehensively." -- Michael Martin, philosopher of religion, University of Boston, author of Atheism: A Philosophical Justification; and editor of The Cambridge Companion to Atheism

"Finally, a first-rate philosopher weighs in and utterly demolishes any hope reasonable people have for believing Jesus was resurrected from the grave. Masterfully, he goes on to argue why atheism follows 'from the ground up' based on cognitive bias studies, religious diversity, the lack of compelling evidence, divine hiddenness, the problem of miracles, and the failure of faith. No other book presents a better case. Nothing more needs to be said." --John W. Loftus, author of Why I Became an Atheist (revised and expanded edition)
About the Author
Matthew S. McCormick (Sacramento, CA) is an associate professor of philosophy at California State University, Sacramento. He has contributed chapters to The Impossibility of God, edited by Michael Martin and Ricki Monnier, and to The End of Christianity, edited by John W. Loftus; and he has published widely in philosophy. For further information, see his blog at provingthenegative.com. 