653 Star Trek ebooks sorted by series and release order within the series. Please keep in mind many of these ebooks have never been officially sold as such, so the quality isn't always the best.

New Novels in the Collection:
Star Trek: The Original Series - 149 - The Folded World by Jeff Mariotte (provided by Chaapaaiguy)
Star Trek: The Lost Era - 7 - 2355-2364 - The Buried Age by Christopher L. Bennett (provided by Chaapaaiguy)
Star Trek: Starfleet Academy by Diane Carey (provided by Chaapaaiguy)
Star Trek: Online - The Needs of the Many edited by Michael A. Martin (provided by Chaapaaiguy)
Star Trek: Abramsverse - 02 - Into Darkness by Alan Dean Foster (provided by Chaapaaiguy)

Some background on the various series included:

Star Trek: Starfleet Corps of Engineers (or Star Trek: SCE) is a novel series which follows a rapid-response team of the Starfleet Corps of Engineers. First released as eBooks by Pocket Books, the books are also collected in paperback. It was conceived and created by Keith R.A. DeCandido and John J. Ordover.

Star Trek: Deep Space Nine went where no Star Trek had gone before ΓÇô it was the first series that was not based on a starship, but was instead based on a starbase, known as Deep Space 9 (the starship USS Defiant was introduced in season 3, but the station remained the primary setting of the series). Indeed, when Brandon Tartikoff originally approached Rick Berman about the show, he specifically said he wanted it to have a new format; if The Next Generation was Wagon Train in space, Deep Space Nine was to be The Rifleman in space ΓÇô a man and his son coming to a dilapidated town on the edge of a new frontier.

Star Trek: Enterprise was set in the 22nd century, at a time before the Federation and while United Earth was just becoming a player in interstellar politics.

Star Trek: IKS Gorkon is a series of novels written by Keith R.A. DeCandido and published by Pocket Books. Set in 2376, it centers on the crew of the Chancellor-class Klingon Defense Force vessel IKS Gorkon. These are the voyages of the Klingon Defense Force Vessel I.K.S Gorkon, part of the mighty new Chancellor class. Its mission: to explore strange new worlds ... to seek out new life and new civilizations ... and to conquer them for the greater glory of the Klingon Empire!

Star Trek: New Frontier: In Sector 221-G, the former Thallonian empire has recently collapsed in a popular uprising. The USS Excalibur under the command of Captain Mackenzie Calhoun is dispatched to fly the flag and offer aid to the inhabitants. The crew - a mixture of characters from TNG and the TNG Starfleet Academy books, with some original characters thrown in - must learn to work as a team, creating friendships and relationships, as they confront a number of deadly foes.

Star Trek: The Next Generation moved the universe forward roughly a century past the days of Kirk and Spock. The series depicted a new age in which the Klingons were allies of the Federation, though the Romulans remained adversaries. New threats included the Ferengi (although they were later used more for comic relief), the Cardassians, and the Borg.
Star Trek: The Original Series: "Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before."

Star Trek: Titan is a series of novels published by Pocket Books beginning in 2005. Following on from the events of Star Trek Nemesis, it follows newly-promoted Captain William T. Riker aboard his new command, the USS Titan.

Star Trek: Typhon Pact is a novel series. The series, consisting of seven novels and a novella, focuses on the aftermath of the events of Star Trek: Destiny, and the new power that arises as a result. The series features multiple crews and cross-series characters, including those of the USS Aventine, introduced in Destiny. The "Typhon Pact", after which the series is named, is an alliance of races formed in opposition to the Federation - specifically the Romulan Star Empire, the Breen Confederacy, the Tholian Assembly, the Gorn Hegemony, the Tzenkethi, and the Holy Order of the Kinshaya - that is introduced in 2009's A Singular Destiny, and forms part of an ongoing "metastory" involving the characters of the various 24th century novel series.

Star Trek: Vanguard: The series is set aboard Starbase 47, also known as Vanguard, a 23rd century station located in the Taurus Reach, a remote region of space, where a mix of Starfleet and civilian protagonists race to solve an ancient mystery, one that holds a highly coveted, mysterious, and potentially cataclysmic secret. The series intertwines the political and military events of Star Trek: The Original Series with the ongoing mission to uncover the truth about the so-called "Taurus meta-genome", and the alien Shedai.

Star Trek: Voyager: Launched in the year 2371, the Intrepid-class Federation starship USS Voyager was a ship built to return to Starfleet's founding principle of scientific exploration. It was fitting that the ship's Captain, Kathryn Janeway, rose up through the science ranks rather than command. On the ship's first mission, which required it to find and capture a Maquis vessel that disappeared into the treacherous Badlands, the crews of both Voyager, as well as the Maquis ship it was pursuing, were swept clear across the galaxy and deep into the Delta Quadrant. This was the doing of a powerful alien being known as the Caretaker. The 70,000 light year transit cost the lives of over a dozen crew members. Captain Janeway was forced to destroy the massive alien array that housed the remains of the Caretaker. In doing so, she saved an alien race, the Ocampa, but stranded Voyager and the crew in the Delta Quadrant. United in a common purpose, the surviving Maquis rebels joined with Janeway's Starfleet-trained crew on Voyager. 