Efficient Reminder

Efficient Reminder is a handy calendar and reminder software program. With her help, you will be able to catch up with your meetings, amaze your girl when dating her, pay each month's bills in time and prepare for your mom's birthday in time. With its intuitive calendar views of the types Day, Work Week, Week, Month and Year, you can clearly see every day's events at a glance. You can also check schedules in list view. Before an important appointment is due, Efficient Reminder can remind you with various means such as pop-up window or sounds. The product provides features such as quick find, copy and paste of events and bulk import to save you a lot of time. It also supports various other features such as managing events in groups, importing predefined holidays, specifying event labels of different colors, managing events by priority, Recycle Bin and so on. What are you waiting for? Use the Efficient reminder software and experience leisureliness in work and comfortableness in life now!

Why Choose Efficient's Reminder Software?:

All-In-One Reminder Software
It's a birthday reminder, calendar reminder, appointment reminder, event reminder and meeting reminder combined in one powerful program.

Multiple Interface Styles
8 interface styles are provided to meet your individual needs! They have various tones of color like blue, green or metallic, and have Vista standard and XP standard windows appearances separately.

Network Edition Available
Efficient Reminder is suitable not only for individual users, but also for business users. The Network Edition allows different users in your organization to access the same copy of data, to work in conjunction and improve work efficiency. Besides, the Network Edition uses Firebird, a world leading open source database, so you do not need to pay any additional cost for the database server.

Portable Edition Available
The portable edition is designed to run from a USB flash drive. Now, with the USB drive, you can manage your events on different computers (such as one at home and another at work), and do not need to worry about data synchronization!

Free Edition Available
To meet different requirements from our friends, we provide a professional edition together with a free edition. You can upgrade from the free edition to the professional one at any time. Click here to download our free reminder software now &gt;&gt;

Easy to Search
Efficient Reminder has powerful search capabilities so you can quickly find your information.

Powerful Document Editor
Efficient Reminder has embedded a powerful document editor similar to MS-Word, which can be used to write your comments for events.

Information Safety Safeguards
There is a Recycle Bin in this reminder software, you do not need to be worried that you may delete some important information by mistake. The functions of Backup and Restore can help you conveniently save and migrate data.

Languages: English, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Farsi, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Korean, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian

Supported OS:

Windows 8/7/XP/Vista (32-bit or 64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.efficientsoftware.net/reminder/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with any name and given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.