The Story of The Beatles’ Hover Horse

        The 5 tracks included on this EP were reportedly originally recorded in mid to late October, 1965 to be part of an upcoming Beatles album Hover Horse that was scheduled for a Thanksgiving 1965 release.  There is much debate as to why the songs were not released as planned and why the band shifted focus and began working on the album that would become Rubber Soul, which was recorded in November of 1965 and released on Christmas Day.  Hover Horse was also reported to feature two holdover songs from the Help!-era recordings, including “I’ve Just Seen a Face” and “It’s Only Love,” which were later included on the US release of Rubber Soul.  The songs “Norwegian Wood” and “Run For Your Life” were also written and recorded during these sessions, but ultimately re-recorded and included on both the US and UK releases of Rubber Soul.  Paul comments about why the songs never made it out to the public in an interview included in Episode 9 of The Beatles Anthology video series saying, “It wasn’t... they weren’t bad songs.  I thought they were quite good.  The powers-that-be at the label just thought the songs might make us come off... they just didn’t think people would understand the tongue-in-cheek nature of the lyrics.”  George was quoted as saying, “[There] was some racy subject matter for the time: drug use, infidelity and the like, even a bit of a transgender reference.  I just don’t think people were ready for that sort of bit at the time.”  The most common version of the story is that the record company ordered the Hover Horse albums to be cancelled shortly after the pressing of the album had begun.  Only 30,000 records were pressed at the Los Angeles, California record plant and album pressing had not yet been started at the Jacksonville, Illinois or Winchester, Virginia plants before the order was given to cancel the album. The small run of records pressed at the Los Angeles plant were then ordered to be destroyed.  The records were disposed of in a landfill in Genoa, Nevada; chosen because there was no scavenging allowed and the garbage was crushed and buried nightly.  The Scranton, Pennsylvania plant had also already begun pressing the record, however it was stopped after only a few hundred records were made and only five copies are known to exist, all of which are owned by famed Beatleologist, Beatles Historian and internationally known hoarder, Johnson Carruthers.  
       
Using only the original 2-track demo recordings of these five previously unreleased Hover Horse tracks, Liverpool, New York’s own Beatles tribute band, Dr. Robert Glassonion & his d’Sheeples along with producer Gary Martin, Sr. have undertaken the arduous task of recreating the original recordings of these five tracks and to make them freely available for the first time to the entire world in widely accessible formats.  “From us to you”
       



For more information on Dr. Robert Glassonion & his d’Sheeples, visit www.woodenboyrecords.com
