

Deus Ex GOTY New Vision 1.5 + HDTP & Project 2027
Two-In-One Repack

The following torrent is a combination package two-in-one repack installer. Two desktop Icons created: One for Deus Ex NV, and one for Project 2027.


Deus Ex GOTY New Vision:

Deus Ex (pron.: /ˌdeɪ.əs ˈɛks/ DAY-əs EKS) is a cyberpunk-themed action-role playing video game — combining first-person shooter, stealth and role-playing elements — developed by Ion Storm and published by Eidos Interactive in 2000. First published for personal computers running Windows, Deus Ex was later ported to Macintosh systems, as well as the PlayStation 2 game console. Set in a dystopian world during the year 2052, the central plot follows rookie United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition agent JC Denton, as he sets out to combat terrorist forces, which have become increasingly prevalent in a world slipping ever further into chaos. As the plot unfolds, Denton becomes entangled in a deep and ancient conspiracy, encountering organizations such as Majestic 12, the Illuminati, and the Hong Kong Triads throughout his journey.

The game received universal critical and industry acclaim, including being named "Best PC Game of All Time" in PC Gamer's Top 100 PC Games and in a poll carried out by UK gaming magazine PC Zone.[3] It was a frequent candidate for and winner of Game of the Year awards, drawing praise for its pioneering designs in player choice and multiple narrative paths. It has sold more than 1 million copies, as of April 23, 2009. The game has spawned both a sequel, Deus Ex: Invisible War (released in December 2003, for both Microsoft Windows and the Xbox video game console), and a prequel, Deus Ex: Human Revolution (released in August 2011).[/i][/size]

About Deus Ex:

[i]Deus Ex takes place in a dystopian future in a world that draws heavily upon popular real world conspiracy theories for many of its plot elements. These include speculations regarding black helicopters, vaccinations, and FEMA, as well as Area 51, the ECHELON network, Men in Black, cow mutilations, chupacabras (in the form of "greasels"), and extraterrestrials. Mysterious groups such as Majestic 12, the Illuminati, the Knights Templar, the Bilderberg Group, and the Trilateral Commission also either play a central part in the plot, or are alluded to during the course of the game. This dark setting is enhanced by the fact that the entire game takes place at night, a backdrop that adds to the atmosphere of conspiracies and stealth.

The game contradicts itself in several instances regarding the exact year in which the events of the story take place, but information in the sequel Deus Ex: Invisible War reconciles this inconsistency via retroactive continuity, placing the events of Deus Ex in the year 2052.[25] Most of the game takes place in fictionalized versions of real-world locations, including New York City, Hong Kong, Paris, Vandenberg Air Force Base, and Area 51.

The plot of Deus Ex depicts a society on a slow spiral into chaos. There is a massive division between the rich and the poor, not only socially, but in some cities physically. A lethal pandemic known as the "Gray Death" ravages the world's population, especially within the United States, and has no cure. A synthetic vaccine, "Ambrosia", manufactured by the company VersaLife, nullifies the effects of the virus, but is in critically short supply. Because of its scarcity, Ambrosia is available only to those deemed "vital to the social order", and finds its way primarily to government officials, military personnel, the rich and influential, scientists, and the intellectual elite. With no hope for the common people of the world, riots occur worldwide, and a number of terrorist organizations have formed with the professed intent of assisting the downtrodden, among them the National Secessionist Force of the U.S. and a French group known as Silhouette.

In order to combat these threats to the world order, the United Nations has greatly expanded its governmental influence around the globe. The United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition (UNATCO) is formed, with the intent of maintaining peace internationally and combating the world's ever-growing number of terrorist groups.[26] It is headquartered near New York City in a bunker beneath Liberty Island, placed there after a terrorist strike on the Statue of Liberty.[27][/i]

About New Vision:

New Vision is a complete graphics overhaul mod. 

The final release of New Vision.

I'd like to sincerely thank everyone in the community for their support over the years; without you, I wouldn't have had the motivation to continue working on this project for 5 years of my life. I'd also like to thank someone else; if you're reading this you know who you are: thank you.


Project 2027

This is perhaps one of the most impressive Deus Ex mods available. It is a prequel to the game Deus Ex. This mod works perfectly with my Deus Ex HD download! Using the added enbseries with the directx 9 graphics is stunning! The mod is in English/Russian (language selector in setup)and has been tested and verified with Trombone Deus Ex HD on Windows 7 and XP 32-bit OSes.

About Project 2027:

2027 is a modification and a prequel to the game called Deus Ex.

    New stunning DirectX 9 based graphics.
    The story is flexible, nonlinear, and allows much wider exploration than before. The final outcone depends entirely on you and your actions. The solutions to any challenge depend only on your imagination.
    Lots of new weapons and equipment. You will be able to purchase weapons in shops, unlike in the original game. You will be able to improve your weaponry in different ways.
    Тew skills, perks and augmentations have been added.
    A player will be able to use portable spider bots, which he can control and use for exploring a territory and attack. It is also possible to repair and recharge these bots.
    Weather effects, ranging from a light drizzle to thunderstorms and snowfall.
    Almost all the locations are based on real photos and maps, and the levels in 2027 will be wider than in the original game.
    Many cutscenes and intros give a real atmosphere to the rich storyline.
    New high quality fonts with anti-aliasing.
    A lot of bugs from the original game have been fixed.



