Call of duty 1


Minimum System Requirement:

Windows 98/ME/2000/XP
Pentium III or Athlon 600MHz Processor (Windows 98/ME)
Pentium III or Athlon 700MHz Processor (Windows 2000/XP)
128MB RAM
32MB 3D Accelerated DirectX compatible Video Card
6-bit DirectX compatible Sound Card
1.4GB Hard Disk Space
DirectX 9.0b
Keyboard and Mouse


Information:

Call of Duty is a first-person shooter video game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision in 2003. The game simulates the infantry and combined arms warfare of World War II. The game is based on the Quake III: Team Arena engine. It was accompanied in September 2004 by an expansion pack, Call of Duty: United Offensive, which was produced by Activision, and developed by Gray Matter Interactive, with contributions from Pi Studios. Call of Duty is similar in theme and gameplay to Medal of Honor, as it is made out of single-player campaigns and missions. However, unlike Medal of Honor, the war is seen not just from the viewpoint of an American soldier but also from the viewpoint of British and Soviet soldiers.

The game was somewhat unusual at the time in that throughout the single-player mode the player is joined by computer-controlled allies who range in quantity from two infantrymen (in some of the British missions) to an entire regiment of tanks (in the Soviet missions). The computer-controlled allies will support the actual player during the missions. They also further the game's goal of providing an immersive and realistic experience; that is, soldiers in World War II were usually part of a larger group, as opposed to the "lone wolf" seen in video games such as Medal of Honor. However, there are some missions where the player is alone.

The "Hardened" and "Prestige" editions of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, released on November 10, 2009, includes a redemption code to download the game onto Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 hard drives, retitling it as Call of Duty Classic.

As a first-person shooter, Call of Duty places the player in control of an infantry soldier who makes use of various authentic World War II firearms in combat. Each mission features a series of objectives which are marked on the heads-up display's compass; the player must complete all objectives to advance to the next mission. The player can save and load at any time, rather than the checkpoint system utilized in later Call of Duty games.

The player has two primary weapon slots, a handgun slot and can carry up to ten grenades (all of the later Call of Duty games feature only two weapon slots; a sidearm will fill one of these slots). Weapons may be exchanged with those found on the battlefield dropped by dead soldiers. Unlike later Call of Duty games, the first allows the player to toggle between different firing modes (single shot or automatic fire). Call of Duty was one of the early first-person shooters to feature iron sights in game play; by pressing the corresponding key the player aims down the actual sights on the gun for increased accuracy. In addition to weapons carried by the player, mounted machine guns and other fixed weapon emplacements are controllable by the player.


How To Install:
1. Unpack (part 1 and 2)
2. Open .bat file
3. Wait to unpack
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT


Enjoy...