Cover 


 
http://yankoimages.net/ff817teplzov/Hollywood.Harlots.1974.XXX.DVDRip.Alpha.Blue.Archives.RRG.DADA.jpg.html

Screens
 
http://yankoimages.net/ok62xtelsj59/Hollywood.Harlots.1974.XXX.DVDRip.Alpha.Blue.Archives.RRG.DADA.DBBIANS.Com_thumbs.jpg.html


This place may be a bit tough to find, but people drive in from all around to see our shows. Long haul truckers, traveling salesman, spurned husbands they all know the place. Those bikers over there? Harmless, though I suggest you don't stare. Keep your eyes on the screen, which shouldn't be hard. You will see the steamiest, fleshiest, and most triple X rated films direct from California and New York City.Sorry, I don't think that machine works anymore. Welcome to the Dirty Drive In.

Tonight at the Dirty, we explore a theme we should all be familiar with: hookers. In Hollywood Harlots (1974, 55m) as we get to gaze upon a busty pregnant mama while an old college girlfriend eats her moist mound. In Hooker's Holiday (1975, 55m) a cute young thing is just starting out in the biz. Massage Parlor (1974, 54m) is a steamy slice of life about a late night cruise for a cheap lay.


This place may be a bit tough to find, but people drive in from all around to see our shows. Long haul truckers, traveling salesmen, spurned husbands ... they all know the place. Those bikers over there? Harmless, though I suggest you don't stare. Keep your eyes on the screen, which shouldn't be hard. You will see the steamiest, fleshiest, and most triple X-rated films direct from California and New York City.Sorry, I don't think that machine works anymore. Welcome to the Dirty Drive In.


Title: Hollywood Harlots - AkA - XXX Hooker Sex-O-Rama
Released: 1974 
Genre: Feature, Blue Archives 
Cast: Willie Beam, Peter Cole, Judie West, Betty Quill, Nan Hall, Kay Fain, Ray Moor, Lou Dye, Eddie Reed 
File Quality: DVDRip 
Format: AVI 
Video: Xvid 640x480 29.97fps [Stream 00] Overall bit rate: 1412 Kbps 
Audio: Audio: MP3 44100Hz stereo 128kbps [Stream 01] 
Size: 555 MB

