Directed by J Blakeson
Produced by Adrian Sturges
Written by J Blakeson
Starring Gemma Arterton
Martin Compston
Eddie Marsan
Music by Marc Canham
Cinematography Philipp Blaubach
Editing by Mark Eckersley
Studio Isle of Man Film
CinemaNX
Distributed by West End Films
Release date(s)

12 September 2009 (TIFF)
30 April 2010 (United Kingdom)

[1]
Running time 100 minutes
Country United Kingdom
Language English

Vic, a gay man, and Danny, who is bisexual and in a relationship with Vic, kidnap Alice, the daughter of a rich man, for a two million pound ransom. Alice is taken to a soundproofed room, and forcibly attached to a bed by her wrists and ankles with handcuffs and rope. Every article of her clothing is removed, and a ballgag is buckled into place. Once she is naked, she is photographed. Unknown to Vic, Danny and Alice are in a relationship and Danny plans to keep all the ransom money for Alice and himself. Alice hates her father for cutting her out of her inheritance. Therefore, Danny assumes that she will be happy with his plan, though she is not informed about the plan as she has to be genuinely frightened, otherwise Vic would become suspicious.

While Vic is away, sending the photos and demanding the ransom, Danny is guarding the imprisoned Alice. She uses a ploy of going to the toilet to get Danny to turn his back, and she manages to grab his Berreta M9 pistol, which she fires into the wall. When she points the gun at Danny, he is forced to reveal his identity to her, and explain the plan. She is angry, but eventually agrees to play along, for fear of Vic killing them both. Vic returns, and Danny finds the empty shell casing on the floor just in the nick of time, and has to swallow it to hide it from Vic. Later, while Vic is away again sending Alice's father a video message wherein Alice pleads for her life and for her father to 'just give them the money', Danny and Alice are about to share an intimate moment. However, Alice exploits the situation to handcuff Danny naked to the bed and pick up the gun, which Danny eventually manages to take off her. Vic returns and, while Danny is out, finds a mobile phone on Alice's person showing that she has managed to call the police. He also finds the bullet in the wall and he forces Alice to tell him about Danny's plan.



Language: ITA ENG
Sub: Si
Menù: Si
File: Cartella
Size:5.33GB
Strumenti usati: ANYDVD HD REGISTERED 7.1.9.0
DVD9 1:1

Viewing / Installation Instructions

Use VLC player to watch.
Or you can burn to DVD with NERO or a similar program. When burned just insert the DVD and enjoy the movie. 