Hi!

I will continue to post as anonymous as I don't want anything associated with the NAME - no ego/no problem.

This is the torrent'd Pimpin Ken book, WITHOUT the distracting photos. Ken has some useful points when adopted into use by the reader and studious disciplined researcher, however, he loads the books with lots of photos for those who would be distracted. So the correct thing to do was to strip the photos and just present the book without them. This has reduced the number of pages, considerably cuts down on the ink if you are attempting to print this as a Booklet from Adobe Reader, and cuts down on the bulk of the book, so it folds and stores better.

Remember per our friend who authored the Revelations of an Elite Family Insider that each one of those public figures is essentially a fraud - nothing personal - it's the nature of the role. It's up to us as disciplined people to see past all that, all the noise, and apply the principals. Likewise, not get stuck in the references to Pimp, Ho, and Trick, as these are - for mainstream people - distractions. When we understand the world from Ken's point of view, we see these are terms for roles we recognize or will, shortly, by use of the material and application. Similar to Idiot, or other medical terms, it used to have no particular socially-detrimental aspect, only later as adopted by those who remained ignorant.

----

For instance, I kept getting presentments in the NAME from the alleged representative of the LANDLORD of record of the building. I saw this clearly and was able to phrase it in ken's vocabulary easily, by realizing it was a test to see if I was going to play the Trick and pay the Ho, or  be the Pimp and have him pay me! Without going into detail here, although I could everyone probably wants to know the result, that might be the most instructive and motivational; there is now several years of the expenses covered for the flat into the future. Not that I'm sticking the balance up my nose! Oh no!

We do charity work exclusively, and so these funds are diverted to helping local peaceful, respectful, also disciplined people in need, who require various forms of need-meeting with food, housing, etc. Every real man wins. The fiction ownership may lose, although it could be said a loss in the realm of death is a win for living folks, and landlord company doesn't really lose... nobody 'loves' a property speculator, however the discipline understand the need for the role, in reference to the 'dead hand' - to test us.