Release Title The Hobbit An Unexpected Journey 2012 BRRip XviD AC3 - KINGDOM

Directed By: Peter Jackson
Tagline From the smallest beginnings come the greatest legends.
Storyline Bilbo Baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost Dwarf Kingdom of Erebor from the fearsome dragon Smaug. Approached out of the blue by the wizard Gandalf the Grey, Bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior, Thorin Oakenshield. Their journey will take them into the Wild; through treacherous lands swarming with Goblins and Orcs, deadly Wargs and Giant Spiders, Shapeshifters and Sorcerers. Although their goal lies to the East and the wastelands of the Lonely Mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels, where Bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... Gollum. Here, alone with Gollum, on the shores of an underground lake, the unassuming Bilbo Baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him, he also gains possession of Gollum's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... A simple, gold ring that is tied to the fate of all Middle-earth in ways Bilbo cannot begin to understand.

Cast
Ian McKellen ... Gandalf
Martin Freeman ... Bilbo
Richard Armitage ... Thorin
Ken Stott ... Balin
Graham McTavish ... Dwalin
William Kircher ... Bifur / Tom Troll
James Nesbitt ... Bofur
Stephen Hunter ... Bombur
Dean O'Gorman ... Fili
Aidan Turner ... Kili
John Callen ... Oin
Peter Hambleton ... Gloin / William Troll
Jed Brophy ... Nori
Mark Hadlow ... Dori / Bert Troll
Adam Brown ... Ori 

Genre Adventure | Fantasy
Language English 
Subtitles None 
Total Size 1.80 GiB
Duration 2h 49mn
Source SPARKS 
Encoder MRX

Video Specs
Container and Codec: AVI & Xvid
Frontend And Writing Library: VirtualDubMod & XviD 62
Bitrate:  1 059 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution:  720x304 
Display Aspect Ratio: 2.35:1
Quality Factor (QF): 0.202
Frame Rate:  23.976 fps

Audio Specs
Audio Codec And Type: 2000 & AC3
Writing Application: VirtualDubMod 1.5.10.2
Bitrate Mode: Constant
Bitrate: 448 Kbps
Channel Count: 6 Channel 

IMDB http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0903624/ 
IMDb Rating: 8.2/10
Trailer http://www.imdb.com/video/imdb/vi650683417/ 

