Artist: Jenny Owen Youngs
Release: An Unwavering Band Of Light
Discogs: 3409087
Released: 2012-02-07
Label: Jenny Owen Youngs
Catalog#: 7 24101 76332 8
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: US
Style: Rock, Indie Rock

Tracklisting:

01. Love For Long
02. Your Apartment
03. Pirates
04. O God
05. Born To Lose
06. Why You Fall
07. Sleep Machine
08. Two By Two
09. Already Gone
10. So Long
11. Wake Up

Forgive me if I lack the career context to fully encapsulate the exciting talent that is Jenny Owen Youngs. My love for her and her music is rather new. To me, she was a “what’s-her-name-again?” opening up for Motion City Soundtrack’s full-album shows…until she stepped on the stage. I knew by reputation that she was a female singer-songwriter; I had no idea she was a ferocious hurricane of a woman who was going to rock my face off and send me running to her merch booth immediately after the set. That kind of feel-it-in-your-fingertips excitement is such a rarity. Thankfully, she’s encapsulated it in her wonderful new record, An Unwavering Band of Light, which is a huge step forward for her in almost every way, the best record of 2012’s abnormally strong first month and the kind of album that might only come along once or twice in an artist’s career.

Saying this is her best record is no small statement, either. Her last release, Transmitter Failure, was a fully-realized little gem that found her dabbling in all sorts of sounds, but its one flaw was a sense of safeness and fragility in the production. Compared to the primal thunder of her Black-Keys-ish, drum-and-guitar crunch live, it just lacked muscle. Thankfully, she addressed this concern across the board with huge leaps in production quality, but most notably by adding one Elliot Jacobson, a longtime collaborator of Ingrid Michaelson and a force of nature behind the kit. If you saw her live, you already knew his drumming was something to marvel at, matching and reciprocating her considerable ferocity at every turn but he truly brings the thunder on An Unwavering Band of Light. He thuds and pounds through every track with dexterity and taste, his drumbeats standing as one of the most memorable hooks in almost every song. Paired with more electric guitars and improved clarity in the production (where Transmitter was sometimes cautiously gauzy), Young’s always sturdy, carefully-crafted songs now have the power and muscle behind them to really pack the punch she’s always been working toward.
 
http://dickthespic.org/