The Myths and Legends of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table is the second studio album from the English keyboardist and composer Rick Wakeman. Released in April 1975 on A&M Records, it is a concept album based on the legends of King Arthur and the Round Table.  Much of the album was written while Wakeman, at 25 years old, recovered from his first of three minor heart attacks at Wexham Park Hospital. After a specialist advised him to stop playing and retire, he ignored it, and wrote "The Last Battle" on the same night.

Upon its release in April 1975, the album peaked at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart and number 21 on the Billboard 200 in the United States. King Arthur became Wakeman's third consecutive gold album to be certified by the Recording Industry Association of America, and was also certified gold in Brazil, Japan and Australia. The album has sold 12 million copies in total.

Track Listing
All tracks and lyrics were written by Wakeman.

    "Arthur" – 7:26
    "Lady of the Lake" – 0:45
    "Guinevere" – 6:45
    "Sir Lancelot and the Black Knight" – 5:20
    "Merlin the Magician" – 8:51
    "Sir Galahad" – 5:51
    "The Last Battle" – 9:41

Musicians
    Rick Wakeman – synthesisers, keyboards, grand piano
    Gary Pickford-Hopkins – lead vocals
    Ashley Holt – lead vocals
    Geoff Crampton – lead and acoustic guitars
    Roger Newell – bass guitar
    Barney James – drums
    John Hodgson – percussion
    The English Chamber Choir

Production
    Terry Taplin – narrator
    Guy Protheroe – choirmaster
    Paul Tregurtha – engineer
    Jeremy Stenham – assistant engineer
    David Katz – orchestral co-ordination
    Wil Malone – orchestral arrangement
    David Measham – conductor

This is one of Wakeman's better albums and as one would expect of him, he plays a lot of different keyboard instruments on this album (Moog Synthesizer, Grand Piano, Harpsichord, etc.).  This effect is enhanced by his use of a rock band with solo vocalists along with a male choral group, a full choir, and orchestra. This ambitious project has recurring musical themes consisting of both instrumental and A cappella moments, as well as full ensemble passages. The "Guinevere" song is filled with sentimental and soulful passages that are moving would bring any sentimental soul to tears. "Merlin the Magician" begins and ends with a small male A cappella choral group, but the real fire is the instrumental movement in between. The music gets really sinister and exciting with screaming Moog lines accented with demonic-sounding descending piano passages. Give this album a listen from begining to end as it is best heard in its entirety to experience the complete story as reflected in the music.


