The Seven Deadly Sins - Corey Taylor - 2011  For Aadam
 
http://bayimg.com/DaJCFaaeM


Corey Todd Taylor (born December 8, 1973) is an American musician best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of Slipknot and Stone Sour.
Corey Taylor is a founding member of Stone Sour, and has released four studio albums with that band. Taylor joined Slipknot in 1997 to replace their original singer. He has released four studio albums with them. He has worked with several bands, including Junk Beer Kidnap Band, Apocalyptica, Anthrax, Aaron Lewis of Staind, and Soulfly. Taylor was ranked number 86 in Hit Parader's Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time.
Corey Taylor was born in Des Moines, Iowa on December 8, 1973. He lived in Orlando briefly with his uncle, George Robson though Taylor was mostly raised by his mother in Waterloo, Iowa, a place described by Taylor as a hole in the ground with buildings around it.He is of Belgian, Polish and Danish background from his fathers side.
Taylor was raised by his single mother. He developed a fond feeling toward classic rock after his grandmother introduced him to it.
Taylor has appeared as a guest musician on albums by Soulfly, Apocalyptica and Damageplan. At one point, he was heavily involved in the recording of thrash metal band Anthraxs album, Worship Music, but the sessions remain unreleased.He also contributed to the Roadrunner United all-star album in 2005, providing vocals for the song Rich Man.Taylor has also made a brief appearance in Steel Panthers singles Death to All but Metal, Eyes of a Panther, and Asian Hooker.In 2006, Taylor founded the record company Great Big Mouth Records.Taylor has produced two albums: Face Cages self-titled album and Walls of Jerichos Redemption.Taylor provided guest narration on the track Repentance for Dream Theaters 2007 album Systematic Chaos.



I was 22 years old, a hard-on with a pulse: wretched, vice-ridden, too much to burn and not enough minutes in a hour to do so.


The action begins in West Des Moines, Iowa, where Corey Taylor, frontman of heavy metal bands Slipknot and Stone Sour, systematically set about committing each of the Seven Deadly Sins. He has picked fights with douche bags openly brandishing guns. He has set himself on fire at parties and woken up in dumpsters after cocaine binges. He lost his virginity at eleven. He got rich and famous and immersed himself in booze, women, and chaos until one day he realised, suddenly, that he didn't need any of that at all.

Seven Deadly Sins is a brutally honest look at a life that could have gone horribly wrong at any turn, and the soul-searching and self-discovery it took to set it right.