Introduction to Biomechatronics 
by Graham M. Brooker
SciTech Publishing | April 2012 | ISBN-10: 1891121278 | PDF | 616 pages | 18.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Biomechatronics-Graham-M-Brooker/dp/1891121278

Introduction to Biomechatronics provides fundamental knowledge of mechanical and electronic (mechatronic) components and systems and their interaction with human biology to assist or replace limbs, senses, and even organs damaged by trauma, birth defects, or disease. The first half of the book provides the engineering background to understand all the components of a biomechatronic system: the human subject, stimulus or actuation, transducers and sensors, signal conditioning elements, recording and display, and feedback elements. It also includes the major functional systems of the body to which biomechatronics can be applied including: Biochemical; Nervous; Cardiovascular; Respiratory; Musculoskeletal. The second half discusses five broadly based devices from a historical perspective and supported by the relevant technical detail and engineering analysis. These devices include: Hearing Prostheses; Sensory Substitution; Visual Prostheses; Artificial Hearts; Respiratory Aids; Artificial Limbs. Introduction to Biomechatronics provides readers with the fundamental engineering (biomedical, mechanical, electronic) background to analyze and design biomechatronic devices and will inspire greater designs by discussing successful inventions that have done the most to improve our lives.

About the Author 
http://imageshack.us/a/img341/3083/brooker1.jpg
Graham Brookers interest in biomedical engineering started back in the late 70s in his final year of an EE degree when he developed a myoelectric controlled rehabilitative exercise device using an early microprocessor. Unfortunately his proposal to continue the project as part of a postgraduate degree was curtailed by two years compulsory national service. Here he discovered an alternative passion radar, and for 20 years his interest in biomedical engineering had to remain little more than a hobby, while he established a career as a radar design engineer. At the turn of the millennium he had the opportunity to move from industry to academia with the Australian Centre for Field Robotics at the University of Sydney. Here, while completing a PhD, conducting research and lecturing in sensors, he was able to reestablish his biomedical credentials. In 2007 he had the opportunity to develop a course in Biomechatronics (mechatronic engineering with a biomedical flavor) which has been offered as a final year elective course to mechatronic and biomedical engineering students. Over the past few years, the notes that were developed for the course have evolved into this book. 