Description:

[ Aoao Video Watermark Pro 3.0+Crack ]

-:INFORMATION:-


Are you worried that your videos will be unauthorized using and sharing? When people watch your videos, do you want to let the viewers know the video source? You may need to add identity and ownership information to your video, ensure that viewers know the source.

Video Watermark Pro is an advanced application designed to allow you to embed text, image, logos, sign (include animations) to your video in batch mode. Video Watermark have simple operation and friendly interface, so the process of Watermarking becomes very easy, you can finish it with few clicks, it is an excellent solution to protect and annotate your video.

Insert text watermark to video:-
1 - Adding text to your video, rich settings like text opacity, rotate text, font options, etc.
2 - Insert coypright symbols C, R and TM to video.
3 - Support scroll text.

Insert shape watermark to video (just pro edition):-
1 - Allow you create line segment, curve, rectangle and round shape to video, you can slao add a arrow to your shape.
2 - Common settings - color, width, opacity, rotate, etc.

Video effect:-
Make rich video effect like brightness, contrast, mosaic, blur, sharpen, noise, old film, etc.

Support batch watermarking:-
Just once setting, you can watermarking all of your video.

Insert image watermark to video:-
1 - Allow you add image watermark to your video.
2 - Over 200 image watermark samples.
3 - Support animated image watermark.

Timeline editing:-
Adding watermark with timeline editing, accurately control watermark show time and hidden time for every second.

Video conversion:-
1 - Also as a video conversion software, support 12 video formats in include AVI, MP4. MPEG, WMV, MKV, MOV, FLV, SWF, 3GP, etc.

Layer concept:-
All of watermarks base on layer editing, you can create many different watermark to different layer, and you can set mix effect of every layer.

Home Page:- 
http://www.video-watermark.com/
