This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in May 2008.


Patty Smyth - Greatest Hits (feat. Scandal) (1998)

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 14 page folder.)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio from All Music:

After leaving Scandal in 1984, vocalist Patty Smyth waited three years before launching her solo career with the Never Enough album. Although it sold respectably, it didn't have any major hit singles. Smyth returned to the top of the charts in 1992 with "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough," a duet with Don Henley; the single hit number two and went gold. Its parent album, Patty Smyth, also went gold and featured two other minor hits, "No Mistakes" and "I Should Be Laughing."

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:0pfixqt5ldte~T1

AMG Album Review:

For many years, Patty Smyth inexplicably lacked a hits compilation, but Columbia/Legacy finally issued the single-disc Greatest Hits in the fall of 1998. Drawing from both her solo recordings and her time with Scandal, from her recordings for both Columbia and MCA, the 16-track contains all of her hits, including "Goodbye to You," "The Warrior," Hands Tied," "Beat of a Heart," and "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough," her duet with Don Henley. The enticements for hardcore fans -- two new Matt Serletic-produced recordings ("Wish I Were You," which is also on the Armageddon soundtrack, and "Carnival Lights"), plus an unreleased cut from Never Enough -- aren't particularly noteworthy, but for most fans, both casual and serious, it's a blessing to have all of the hits in one place, even if it's frustrating that the disc isn't sequenced in chronological order.

Track List:

01. The Warrior
02. Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough
03. Wish I Were You
04. Carnival Lights
05. Love's Got A Line On You
06. Goodbye To You
07. I Should Be Laughing
08. Downtown Train
09. The River Cried
10. Everyone Gets Older
11. Say What You Will
12. Beat Of A Heart
13. Heartache Heard Round the World
14. Isn't It Enough
15. No Mistakes
16. Hands Tied

More album detail at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:kbfuxqrjld6e
