    genre    adventure / point-and-click / fantasy
    download size    1.7 GB
    release date    December 5, 2012
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8) and Mac OS X (10.6.8 or newer)
    languages    English, German
    developer / publisher    KING Art / Nordic Games
    game modes    single-player

    Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    2 wallpapers
    5 avatars

    Play as both Nate and Critter. You and you alone decide with whom you want to spend more time.
    Meet crazy new characters such as animal rights activist, Petra, schizophrenic Yeti, and the "Critters".
    Choose between two levels of difficulty: Normal for beginners and Hard for true veteran adventurers.

Overview:

The stand-alone expansion to The Book of Unwritten Tales! Warning: This is not a sequel, it is a prequel, and it is a stand-alone expansion, in case we forgot to mention that salient little detail.

The Critter Chronicles tell the story of how adventurer Nate Bonnett and Critter, his hairy sidekick, first met, all set before their appearance in Wilbur's and Ivo's epic adventure in The Book of Unwritten Tales. Enjoy a thrilling and hilarious point-and-click adventure in the fantasy world of Aventasia. Travel from the Northlands to the Mage's Tower of Seastone and experience a tale that offers tremendous fun for seasoned players of The Book of Unwritten Tales and newcomers alike.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN, PEGI Rating: 12+ with Bad Language, Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP SP 3 / Vista SP 2 / Windows 7 SP 1 / Windows 8, Intel Core 2 Duo 3 GHz or AMD Athlon 3 GHz, 1 GB RAM, 6 GB free hard disc space, Direct-X 9.0c compliant video card with 256 MB RAM, PixelShader 2.0
Minimum system requirements (Mac): OS X 10.6.8 or later. Processor: Intel Core Duo 2.4 GHz+, Memory: 1.5 GB of RAM, Hard disk space: 6 GB Graphics: Intel GMA 950 with 256 MB of video memory, Recommended two-button mouse, or Apple mouse with Secondary Button / Secondary Click enabled.

Install and Play.