Artist: The Eighteenth Day Of May
Title: The Eighteenth Day Of May
Label: Hannibal Records
Catalogue: HNCD 1496
Date: 2005
Country: UK
Style: Indie Folk, Country Rock, Psychedelic

Tracklisting:
1. Eighteen Days (6:24)
2. Sir Casey Jones (3:14)
3. The Highest Tree (3:27)
4. Deed I Do (3:55)
5. Hide + Seek (3:06)
6. Twig Folly Close (2:04)
7. Lady Margaret (6:49)
8. Cold Early Morning (3:53)
9. Monday Morning's No Good Coming Down (3:21)
10. The Waterman's Song To His Daughter (5:06)
11. Flowers Of The Forest (5:09)
12. The Mandrake Screams (1:10)


Self titled debut from the new gods of psychedelic folk rock.

Effortlessly blending west coast psychedelia with English Folk they set a new agenda, albeit one that anyone who likes Pentangle, early Fairport or even the Byrds would instantly gel with. Sitar, jangly guitars and airy vocals give the songs the breath to explore their subject matter. The Watermans Song To his Daughter is a beautiful example of the grasp the band has over light and shade within a song, the arrangements also give the musicians room to explore the interplay between each other.

Alison Brice and Richard Olson's vocals are gorgeous, full of latent passion, joy and the hint of sorrow. I think it's their sound that gives the whole recording a feel of being of the 1960's - which is no bad thing, the sixties was a time of high production values on analogue equipment, a characteristically warm sound that was carried so well onto vinyl. Now for all I know they could have recorded this on a laptop with pro-tools, but it has the depth of the best 60's recordings.

Their debut single featuring Sir Casey Jones and The Highest Tree was released to rave reviews in the likes of NME and by various folk orientated web sites. This album has only reinforced their reputation.

An album of beautiful murder ballads and gentle psychedelia overlaid with an arcadian sense of mystery, leading to labels of psych folk and wyrd folk, be assured they're not as weird as circulus... Their is an undertow reminiscent of the Velvet Underground and the Doors sense of the psyche in turmoil that somehow balances the whole recording.
Dulcimers and sitars are back.

Iain Hazlewood
 
http://dickthespic.org/2013/01/21/history-lesson-one-the-eighteenth-day-of-may/