Assfucked Milfs 3 (2013)
 
http://www.evilangel.com/es/Assfucked-Milfs-03/dvd/18670

Quality: WEBRip 720p
Video: 1280x720, 29.970 fps
Audio: MP3, 48.0 KHz, 2 ch, 128 Kbps, VBR
Size: 5.23 GB

Title: Assfucked Milfs 3
Studio: Evil Angel
Genre: Anal, Ass to mouth, Big Breast, Blonde
Directed by: David Perry
Cast: Cindy Dollar, David Perry, Jim Slip, Kayla Green, Lara Latex

Description:
When a woman reaches a certain age, she gets a seasoned perspective on her own desires. She realizes that the most important benefit of her sexuality isn’t security, wealth or status... but the lustful pleasure of deep, hard ass reaming! That’s when veteran French director David Perry and his crew of well-hung butt bandits come to the rescue. David’s latest, “Assfucked MILFs #3,” gives mature European ladies exactly what they crave most — huge, hard cocks expanding their rectums. Refined Czech beauty Cindy Dollar, her long, shapely legs in sheer nylons, calls up Mike Angelo and invites him over for a passionate session of anal intercourse and ass-to-mouth cocksucking that leaves the glamorous slut’s mouth brimming with semen. Next, David visits blonde Mandy Paradise, an athletic babe who prepares herself with a sensual shower, then lies on the bed and masturbates with a big, silver dildo. When the director arrives, Mandy eagerly submits to his thick shaft, which she rides until her sphincter is gaping. The nasty slut isn’t satisfied until she’s sucked all the hot cum from his spurting cock head. Busty, tattooed Kayla Green is in the mood for a three-way dicking from David and his pal Sabby. After she loosens herself up with a large dildo, Kayla eagerly wraps her talented lips around their throbbing boners. She bends over to get pumped from both ends, spit roast-style. The boys bang Kayla in every hole, even stuffing her full of cock in a lewd double-penetration, and the sultry bitch opens wide for two messy loads of sperm. Finally, thick, meaty British MILF Lara Latex fondles her all-natural jugs. She fingers her phat, juicy ass and shaved pussy before getting her butthole plowed by real-life husband Jim Slip. Lara’s amazing booty takes the ferocious fucking it truly deserves. “Assfucked MILFs #3” is a hard-core treat, specially made for fans of experienced females and seekers of explicit anal fun.