


 
http://oronreseller.us/img-518d2184d8776.html 
 
http://oronreseller.us/img-518d21851c1df.html 




Camille - Exploited College Girls
 Released: May 9, 2013

 19 year old University of Arizona coed Camille is a true first timer. As she puts on her makeup I coax out some pretty juicy personal sexual deets. Most shockingly, she is not exactly single. Camille also says she has ‘daddy issues’, which is probably why she’s here. We laugh at the suggestion but we both know it’s true. With still a hint of baby fat and decidedly girl-next-door looks, she also has some self esteem issues. Perfect. Welcome to the easy one-stop solution to all your problems, Camille – shoot a porn movie. We move to the bed and continue the interview where she confesses to sordid sexual experiences such as her drunken lesbian hook ups and a 4 girl drunken orgy. Camille isn’t afraid to try new things. Well, except anal of course. No matter how I try to convince her, she’s dead set against it. For a girl who claims to like rough sex she’s a bit of a prude about the rear entrance. It’s time to unwrap this cutie and she’s not wearing a bra and for a good reason, her tits are almost perfect. I ask her her bra size and she tells me 34C. I’m a little dubious, is it possible that Camille’s alphabet doesn’t include the letter B? No matter the size, they are gorgeous and when I start playing with them her motor starts revving. She pulls her panties off and reveals her very tight and responsive puss. Responsive isn’t normally a word I’d use to describe a vagina, but in Camille’s case, it’s spot on. As she gets turned on you can see her pussy swell and get wetter and wetter. It’s really hot. So I know I’m in for a good time when I grab the vibrator and start teasing her. It’s very obvious how much she’s enjoying this when you watch me give her her first orgasm of the shoot. She’s very vocal, her tits bounce in that way that only 19 year old titties can bounce and her ‘O’ face is amazing, her eyes roll back, it’s so hot. After she gets hers, I want mine and I have her drop to her knees to suck my cock. Remembering that she likes it rough I let her get started and once I’m fully hard I try a little face fucking. While she gags on my cock she doesn’t complain and performs like a champ, she really seems to be into it, letting me fuck her face and responding with more enthusiasm which gets me as excited as her. Eventually I can’t wait and I have her climb up on the bed and I test how wet she is with my fingers. Verdict? Very wet. I grab her hips and give her a good, hard fucking. From doggy style with hair pulling (her favorite) to reverse cow girl (one of my favorites) to her on her back I pound her tight little pussy. It’s hot when she bites her lips when she cums. Finally I’m ready to blow and there’s only one place I’m aiming for: her pretty little mouth framed by those dick sucking lips. I try aiming, but it’s no use, she just gets painted with cum and doesn’t seem to mind at all. Still speckled with my cum she waves goodbye and we call it a day. She’s not a pro so she’s exhausted from all the fucking and I can sense the onset of regret on her face. She just got rough fucked and showered with cum by a stranger, captured by 3 cameras for all the world to see. I don’t think we’ll see Camille anywhere else. She’s just a normal girl with a penchant for bad choices, daddy issues and a boyfriend who doesn’t fuck her right, but she is smart enough to one day realize that banging strangers on camera isn’t the way to fix any of this. Luckily for us, today is not that day.


