These are all the comics in Dynamite's "Bionic Universe."

Up-to-date through the January 16, 2013 releases.

This torrent contains:

The Bionic Man 01-15 (2011-2013)
The Bionic Woman 01-06 (2012)
The Bionic Man Vs. The Bionic Woman 01 (2013)

KEVIN SMITH's unproduced script for a TBM movie is the basis for TBM 01-10, for those wondering. He is listed as a co-writer, but I'm fairly certain PHIL HESTER did most if not all of the work (adaptation). ALEX ROSS provides fully painted variant covers on all 15 TBM issues but not for TBW. Most of the Ross covers are included here.

------

From Amazon, on Kevin Smith's The Bionic Man:

Steve Austin, the iconic action hero of The Six Million Dollar Man, returns! Groundbreaking filmmaker Kevin Smith (Clerks, Chasing Amy) rebuilds the world's first bionic man, making him better, stronger, and faster than ever before! Joined by Phil Hester and Jonathan Lau, his collaborators on the critically-acclaimed Green Hornet revival, Smith plunges Steve Austin into a dangerous world of espionage and high adventure. Reunited with Jaime Sommers (of The Bionic Woman fame), Austin must face a maniacal enemy built from deadly technology and dedicated to the collapse of entire nations!

From Amazon, on The Bionic Woman:

Just because they could rebuild her, doesn't mean her life isn't a wreck! After Jaime Sommers suffers a horrific parachute accident, her then-boyfriend, Steve Austin, convinces his superiors to save her life using similar bionic parts to the ones that made him the Bionic Man. The doctors/scientists replace both Jaime's legs. Her right arm. Her ear. And a few other surprises! Now, she's the Bionic Woman, and her body is faster, and stronger, but much of the memory of her past life is missing. But old lives have a way of popping back up again, and when the recipients of the earliest bionic prototypes are being killed across the globe, horribly murdered with their bionic parts stolen, Jaime has to put her new life in Paris on hold. Especially since it now looks like the mysterious killers are done with the small fry. They want the upgrade. They want the Bionic Woman! It's bullets, bionics, and baguettes in the city of love!