The Cyber-FM Desktop Live Player... enjoy CyberFM Radio without visiting the website... a simple executable file you can save anywhere... 

VIRUS FREE, FEEL FREE TO SCAN IT.

Enjoy!

About Cyber-FM

Cyber-FM Radio is a thought leader in providing listeners access to music that is not normally available within the “Mainstream.” Chosen over the years by leading A&R Firms, Recording Studios, and Record Labels, we offer our innovative services directly to listeners at absolutely no charge. Founded on October 11th, 2007, we have built our reputation in the Music Industry by providing our Listeners with Artists that portray an unmatched talent regularly unavailable until now. We are always striving to improve our services.

What We Do For You

While we have Auto DJs running our channels 24/7, we also have live talent. Our DJs perform for the world from Los Angeles, CA to Long Island, NY. As of mid 2012, we also have United Kingdom talent and are focusing on new genres throughout!

What We Do For Artists:

We know how hard it is to make a decent earning from one’s artistic work. All of the time, effort and money that you put into talent recognition, sometimes it just doesn’t seem like it pays off. Imagine now, with an online media presence, including images, sound and video, as well as a continual opportunity to connect directly with your fans on a world-wide level!

Either by your choice, the redirection of a search engine, a technical error, or a solar event, you have landed at the newest and largest revolution in Digital Wifi Radio.


What is MFTU?

It stands for Mainstream For The Underground.
All Artists start out as MFTU at one time or another. With a local following fan base, a spread of the word, and hard work, some get to swipe the special pen, sign a deal, and go on to play all over the world putting out albums for us all to hear!
So when we ask:

"Do You MFTU?"
we’re asking:

"Do you support your local bands?"


What We Do For Artists:

We know how hard it is to make a decent earning from one’s artistic work. All of the time, effort and money that you put into talent recognition, sometimes it just doesn’t seem like it pays off. Imagine now, with an online media presence, including images, sound and video, as well as a continual opportunity to connect directly with your fans on a world-wide level!