 http://imgload.me/img-50f8ab067c52b.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50f8ab06891d3.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50f8ab0694ec7.html 


Information
Title: Playboy: The Mansion
Released: January 25, 2005
Genre: Strategy (Manage, Busin., Real-time) / For Adults
Developer: Cyberlore Studios and Groove Games
Publisher: ARUSH Entertainment, Buka Entertainment
Language: Russian / English
Sound language: English
Crack, NoCD: Not required

Description
Arrange your estate
Playboy style begins with the situation of your house. Whether your home is an estate held for idle amusement, or an ideal haven for lovers of various modern gadgets and gadgets? With the growth of your popularity you can build tennis courts, gambling houses, swimming pools, and even the world famous Grotto! Just remember to make sure that all of your girlfriends have enough space in the bedrooms.

Live in the style of Playboy
Why do you need a stylish rug in the living room, if not a couple of hundred feet to stomp your friends, celebrities and their friends? Spend an afternoon in the pool with a crowd of naked beauties, then put on his pajamas and dance at a party in decadent style with the Stars screen, oligarchs and well-known athletes. What to choose - to watch a movie in the company of friends or watch the entertainment girls on a trampoline? Life sometimes poses challenges.

Build your own empire
Success and fame do not come just like that. Change the editorial staff of the journal, twisted celebrity interviews and reset theme rooms to changing market demand. Readers are interested in sports? Invite every month new models, organize their sports training with erotic bias and participate in the process of taking pictures at the turn.

Features
Fully three-dimensional environment, and dynamically adjustable camera. Enjoy the sights of the mansion with a bird's eye view or zoom in the camera to view near real centerfold!
Several key locations around the teeming life on the estate - House, Swimming Pool, Grotto, the house, and others.
Dozens of celebrities, including popular actors, athletes, writers, prominent businessmen, comedians, designers, models and other celebrities.
In control mode, the empire can give myself a goal (glory, increase in circulation, celebrities, etc.) and try to reach it in a few game months or years.
Campaign of 12 missions based on real events that have brought global fame and the name of Hugh Hefner Playboy.
The vision of Playboy - you will be rewarded for right living, positive sexual energy, and tolerance for the views of others and respect for individual freedom.

Installation manual
1. Mount image in Alcohol 120%, DEAMON Tools ...
2. Install the game
3. Play and enjoy!

System Requirements
Operating system: Windows 98/ME/2000/XP
Processor: Pentium III 800 MHz
Memory: 256 MB
Video: 32 MB of memory, supports T & L
Sound: DirectX 9.0 supports
Space on HDD: 1 GB
Additional software: DirectX 9.0
