This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2011.


Bruce & Terry - The Best Of Bruce & Terry (1998)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51oUCSzuQeL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Jason Ankeny):

Best known for their hits as the Rip Chords, the vocal duo of Bruce Johnston and Terry Melcher collaborated on countless hot-rod and surf records during the mid-1960s, working under a seemingly endless variety of studio guises. While Johnston was already a well-known West Coast session player, Melcher (the son of Doris Day) had released a series of singles under the name Terry Day before being named Columbia Records' youngest-ever staff producer; he brought Johnston to the company to release 1963's Surfin' Round the World, and the pair soon began collaborating regularly. As the Rip Chords, they scored their biggest hit with 1964's "Hey Little Cobra; " a series of singles credited to Bruce and Terry followed before the duo went their separate ways, with Johnston joining the Beach Boys and Melcher enjoying even greater success as a producer. In mid-1998 the Sundazed label compiled The Best of Bruce and Terry, a 20-track collection of their hits.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/bruce--terry-p184711

All Music Album Review (by Cub Koda):

This 20-track compilation gathers together the best of Johnston's and Melcher's best sides for Columbia under the B&T moniker. That's important, because this collection could just as easily have been double the length if they had amassed all the tracks that Bruce & Terry had recorded under other names like the Rip Chords, etc. including the hit "Hey Little Cobra." Because Bruce & Terry were a virtual vocal overdubbing machine, some of the tracks on here ("Custom Machine," "Don't Run Away," "I Love You Model T," "Come Love," "Raining In My Heart") appear in mono-only formats. This becomes the only way to hear the final product as it was etched into black phonograph records, as B&T would overdub right directly onto the final single track mix. It also gives the sound of these tracks an edgy, mid-rangey "squashed" kind of compression to them, making them leap out of the speakers. As a musical satellite orbiting around the Brian Wilson/Jan & Dean/Wrecking Crew axis, the music here reflects that time and sound beautifully. These are the beginnings of two long-standing careers in the record business and the records they literally cut their teeth on.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-best-of-bruce--terry-r366729

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000009QRW

Track List:

01. Hawaii
02. Summer Means Fun
03. Come On, Let's Go
04. Carmen
05. Don't Run Away
06. Custom Machine
07. I Love You Model "T"
08. Raining In My Heart
09. Everyday
10. Roger's Reef
11. Yeah!
12. Thank You Baby
13. Girl, It's Allright Now
14. Roger's Reef, Part 2
15. Halfway
16. Come Love
17. Four Strong Winds
18. Help Me Rhonda
19. Look Whose Laughing Now
20. Here Comes Summer
