Season 1 (2010)

Ep. #	Total

1	1	"Hopalong Rick"	Pawn Stars ΓÇô "Hello Nurse" (Series 3, Episode 21)	October 25, 2010
Rick and the team restore a three-wheeled 1950s-era Marketeer golf cart purchased by Rick Harrison as a gift to his father. The team also restore a 1950s Hopalong Cassidy bicycle.
Cameo Appearances ΓÇô Rick Harrison, Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, Richard "Old Man" Harrison and Austin "Chumlee" Russell 

2	2	"Ice Cold"	None	October 25, 2010
The shop restores a 1940s Walzer-made Hershey's chocolate bar dispenser, and a 1950s Kelvinator refrigerator for a friend of Rick's who needs it by the end of the week as a birthday present for his mother. A particularly intractable coating of rust on an item spurs Rick to send Tyler and Ron to investigate a type of sandblasting called sodablasting, which uses sodium bicarbonate.[5] A box in the alley near the shop's showroom is discovered to be infested with bees, which leads to a thankless task for Brettly, who dons a makeshift hazard suit held together with duct tape. 

3	3	"Lights Out"	None	November 1, 2010
The shop restores one of the lamp posts on magician Lance Burton's property which was shattered into countless pieces by a windstorm. Though the lamps are modern re-creations of 1890s-style street lamps, they were custom made for the Monte Carlo Hotel from which Burton acquired them and require Ron, Kowboy, Tyler, and Brettly to gather all the debris from Burton's desert hillside property in order for it to be repaired. The shop also restores a 1930s Eco Model 15 tire air meter brought in by Tyler's math teacher, which belonged to his grandfather. Rick assigns Tyler the lead responsibility on the air meter, including giving the estimate, in order to encourage his education in the business, but Tyler's low estimate results in his having to finish the project by himself. 

4	4	"Buttered Up"	None	November 1, 2010
The shop restores a large scale, 1956 Popsicle toy train locomotive, which includes creating two back cars from scratch to go with it, and an antique 1948 Manleymachine, purchased by an elderly man from a Tennessee movie theater he used to frequent as a child before it recently closed permanently. 



 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_Restoration_episodes