Artist: The Accidental
Release: There Were Wolves
Discogs: 1484562
Released: 2008 / 2008-04-14
Label: Thrill Jockey / Full Time Hobby
Catalog#: thrill 199 / FTH049CD
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: UK
Style: Electronic, Folk, World, & Country, Experimental

Tracklisting:

01. Knock Knock (4:04)
02. Wolves (2:39)
03. I Can Hear Your Voice (3:16)
04. Jaw Of A Whale (3:27)
05. The Closer I Am (3:52)
06. Slice Open The Day (2:23)
07. Illuminated Red (4:22)
08. Birthday (1:58)
09. Dream For Me (3:12)
10. The Killing Floor (2:56)
11. Time And Space (3:24)

The minimalist folk sounds of The Accidental have a very soothing quality and listening to There Were Wolves is a gently moving experience that deserves lots of repetition. Released in April of 2008, There Were Wolves is a gorgeous collection of soft songs that meld together with dreamy precision to create a record that conjures notions of Iron & Wine.

The Accidental, as the name might suggest, came together almost by accident. Starting with Stephen Cracknell (Memory Band) and Sam Genders (Tunng), the UK-based band came together as the result of an assortment of meanderings and chance encounters.

Genders and Cracknell first met at the Green Man festival and decided to mail each other CDs back and forth. Another member, Hannah Caughlin (The Bicycle Thieves), stumbled into the eventual quartet through the happy providence of being introduced to Cracknell as a potential housemate. The fourth member, Liam Bailey joined after turning up at a Memory Band gig.

The result of such advantageous occurrences is a band whose sound feels as natural and unintentional as the way the group came together. With a firm belief in the freedom of the music, The Accidental set upon making There Were Wolves via a PC with the help of the members' friends and a solid musical sense as the map to buried musical treasure.

There Were Wolves matches the feel of the creation, unfolding merrily as though a group of friends is sitting around strumming and piecing together songs in your basement. Despite fitting firmly in the folk genre, The Accidental is undaunted by carrying out musical tests and mischievously experiments with broad textures, strings, and sound effects all through the course of the record.

Each member of the band sings parts on There Were Wolves, adding to the freer feel of the album and creating a luxuriant, broad sound. With an immensely creative introduction in “Knock, Knock,” which was remixed by Hot Chip’s Joe Goddard and given a shadowy electronic music character, the album takes off with a vibe that MOJO calls “folktronica.”