No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
These are a few things that makes a '1-click run' version a, better version.

Ashampoo Music Studio

Your life, your music, your Music Studio!

What is Music Studio?

Ashampoo Music Studio is your all-in-one solution to create, edit, design and produce your music.

Why Music Studio?

Music Studio ...
... is intuitive and powerful!
It takes only a few clicks to achieve great results.
?Çª stands out!
Music Studio features a highly task-oriented user interface without distractions.
?Çª is proven technology!
A fourth generation product, our experienced developers made sure Music Studio is both robust and reliable.

New in Music Studio 4

Music Studio rebooted?Çª Better looks, faster performance, new features ?Çô it simply is our best Music Studio yet!
User Interface
We have completely redesigned the product and removed any clutter to provide maximum clarity and to help you focus on the task at hand.
More Speed
Music Studio 4 feels snappier than ever. On average, it takes less than three seconds to launch the product and start working and audio conversion now features multi-core support for lightning fast results.
Video-2-Music
Always wanted to get that beautiful music from your favorite videos on your PC? With Music Studio 4, you can. Video-2-Music makes audio extraction a simple select-and-click process ?Çô it couldn?ÇÖt be easier.
Mix Tape
Only in Music Studio - add new variety to your music collection and combine your favorite songs seamlessly with full crossfading support.

System Requirements:

Operating System:
Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed, graphic adapter min.resolution 1024 x 768 with 256 MB memory and 16-bit High color, CD/DVD/BD-Writer. 

CPU:
2,4 GHz (or higher) CPU. 

RAM and disk space:
1024 MB RAM 

Software: 
Microsoft .Net 4.0 Framework

Homepage: http://www.ashampoo.com