Homegrown tomatoes, peppers, and eggplants provide the true taste of summer. These three plants, which are closely related, thrive in warm summer weather and are simple to grow in most home gardens. Whether you have acres of land, just enough space for a few plants in the yard, or simply a container or two on your patio, balcony, deck, rooftop, or doorstep, then you can grow tomatoes, peppers, and eggplants.

Grow Your Own Organic Food

This short book will show you how to grow organic tomatoes, peppers, and eggplants. We will cover all the important things you need to know: how to prepare your garden space, plant your vegetables from seed or seedling, take good care of the plants (including proper feeding and watering), and harvest them for fresh use or storage. If you consider yourself a lazy gardener, then this is the perfect book for you, because I like to keep it simple. You will learn some simple techniques to cut down on your watering and weeding.

Contents Include:
1. Growing Your Own Tomatoes, Peppers, and Eggplants
The WorldΓÇÖs Most Popular Homegrown Vegetables

2. Starting with Seeds or Seedlings
How to Plant Tomatoes, Peppers, and Eggplants

3. Where to Locate Your Garden
Getting the Best Results From Your Plants

4. Container Gardening in Small Spaces
Fresh Produce From Your Patio, Deck, Balcony, Rooftop, or Rafters

5. Growing in Raised Beds and Garden Rows
Preparing Your Organic Vegetable Garden

6. Supporting Your Tomato Plants
Stakes, Cages, or Trellises?

7. Feeding Your Plants
Giving Them the Nutrition They Need

8. Watering Your Tomatoes, Peppers, and Eggplants
Techniques to Limit Diseases and Automate the Process

9. Three Tips for Pampering Your Plants
Happy Plants Produce Lots of Fruit

Appendix A: Homegrown Tomato Sauce (Recipe)

Appendix B: How to Dry and Store Tomatoes, Peppers, and Eggplants

Appendix C: 12 Delicious and Unusual Varieties of Tomatoes, Peppers, and Eggplants...And Where to Get Some Seeds!