The China Study Cookbook: Over 120 Whole Food, Plant-Based Recipes 
by LeAnne Campbell, Steven Campbell Disla and T. Colin Campbell
BenBella Books | May 2013 | ISBN-10: 1937856755 | ePUB/PDF | 6.93/11.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-China-Study-Cookbook-Plant-Based/dp/1937856755

The China Study, with 850,000 copies sold, has been hailed as one of the most important health and nutrition books ever published. It revealed that the traditional Western diet has led to our modern health crisis and the widespread growth of obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. Based on the most comprehensive nutrition study ever conducted, the book reveals that a plant-based diet leads to optimal health with the power to halt or reverse many diseases.
The China Study Cookbook takes these scientific findings and puts them to action. Written by LeAnne Campbell, daughter of The China Study author T. Colin Campbell, PhD, and mother of two hungry teenagers, The China Study Cookbook features delicious, easily prepared plant-based recipes with no added fat and minimal sugar and salt that promote optimal health.
From her Breakfast Home-Fry Hash and Fabulous Sweet Potato Enchiladas to No-Bake Peanut Butter Bars and Cheese(less) Cake, all of LeAnneΓÇÖs recipes follow three important principles:

1. Optimal nutrition is based on eating food rather than nutrient supplements
2. The closer that foods are to their native statesΓÇöprepared with minimal cooking, salting, and processingΓÇöthe greater the long-term health benefits of eating them
3. It is best to choose locally and organically grown produce whenever possible

Filled with helpful tips on substitutions, keeping foods nutrient-rich, and transitioning to a plant-based diet, The China Study Cookbook shows how to transform individual health and the health of the entire family

About the Author 
http://www.thechinastudy.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/LeAnne-Campbell.jpg
LeAnne Campbell Disla, PhD, lives in Durham, North Carolina. She has been preparing meals based on a whole-food, plant-based diet for almost 20 years. Disla has raised two sons--Steven and Nelson, now 18 and 17--on this diet. As a working mother, she has found ways to prepare quick and easy meals without using animal products or adding fat.
For more than 40 years, T. Colin Campbell, PhD, has been at the forefront of nutrition research. His legacy, the China Study, is the most comprehensive study of health and nutrition ever conducted. Dr. Campbell is the Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University. He has received more than 70 grant years of peer-reviewed research funding and authored more than 300 research papers. The China Study was the culmination of a 20-year partnership of Cornell University, Oxford University and the Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine.