PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

End Times

Volume 33

Andre Hendricks
The End Times and Rapture
Andre is with The Lord Now RIP
Rejoice in Praise
   

POtHS - End Times - 33 - Andre Hendricks - The End Times and Rapture - Andre is with The Lord Now RIP - Rejoice in Praise


POtHS Comment:    The test is coming for all of us.

Description
Andre died in December 2012 - He loved The Lord and This is a small tribute to Him and his Love for Jesus. RIP Andre = Rejoice In Praise

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series at http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41 ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at



 
http://end-times-prophecy.com/blog/                                                                  Prophecy from Susan Davis 
http://jesus-talks.com/blogs/blog1.php/creating-an-event-in-heaven                   A place where Jesus would feel at home. This is a new site still under construction. 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       
      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
