UPLOADERS NOTE - I think this guy is full of crap.
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/operation-snow-john-koster/1110914721?ean=9781596983229

John Koster - Operation Snow: How a Soviet Mole in FDR's White House Triggered Pearl Harbor

Unabridged, 96 kbps, Read by Michael Kramer

Overview
PEARL HARBOR WAS MORE THAN A SURPRISE ATTACK

It was, argues celebrated historian John Koster, part of a deep Soviet plot—“Operation Snow”—to divert the Japanese into fighting the Americans rather than the Russians.

Even more startling, Koster reveals how Harry Dexter White, one of Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s most important men in the Treasury Department—and also a Soviet spy—was a key figure in the plot.
In Operation Snow Koster reveals:
The previously neglected (and untranslated) sources that expose the Soviet conspiracy
How Harry Dexter White got away with one of the most devastating acts of treason in American history
How Japan and the United States were manip¬ulated by Russian agents and propaganda
Why, if Operation Snow had failed, the Soviet Union might have collapsed under the com¬bined might of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan
Stalin’s unwitting stooge—how FDR’s Secretary of the Treasury was manipulated to promote policies that provoked war with Japan
It didn’t end with Pearl Harbor: how Harry Dexter White continued to act as a Soviet agent into the postwar era, until exposure prompted a disguised suicide.

Full of shocking detail, Operation Snow is a riveting exposé of an extraordinary intelligence operation that radically altered the Second World War, with consequences that are almost impossible to measure.

Library Journal
U.S. Army veteran Koster (Custer Survivor) here says that Harry Dexter White—an economist in the Treasury department, not at the White House—at the direction of the Soviet secret police (NKVD), encouraged war in the Pacific to reduce Japanese pressure on the USSR while it was fighting the Germans on the eastern front in Europe. However, Koster does not provide enough documentary evidence to prove this, and none of the many other important factors and actors involved in America's stance after Pearl Harbor is elaborated here. While it would be appropriate to discuss the activities and influence of communist agents in Washington at the time, Koster spends most of his book rehashing the well-known military and diplomatic history leading up to Pearl Harbor, contrary to the implication that White's story will be central to his argument. VERDICT Conspiracy theorists and those interested in any discussion of Soviet infiltration of the U.S. government may wish to consider.