Xtro is a low-budget British science fiction horror movie made in 1982 and directed by Harry Bromley Davenport and co-produced by Bob Shaye.
Contents


Plot

Sam Phillips (Philip Sayer) and his child Tony (Simon Nash) are playing outside their farm. The father is abducted by a strong light.

Three years later, the light returns, and plants a seed. A half-human half-alien creature grows up, and when it moves it is run over by a car. Ben (Robert Pereno) is attacked and killed when he looks for the runaway man. Jane (Katherine Best) is also killed. The creature (Tim Dry) moves to a cottage nearby and attacks a woman (Susie Silvey), leaving her pregnant. When she returns to consciousness, she gives birth to a full-formed Sam and dies. Sam steals Ben's clothes and drives his car, without bothering to get rid of Jane's corpse, which will be found by a lorry-driver (David Cardy)

Sam seeks Tony, who lives in a condominium building in London, with his mother (Bernice Stegers), her new boyfriend Joe Daniels (Danny Brainin), and a French au-pair Analise Mercier (Mariam d'Abo). Rachel and Joe are professional photographers and share a studio downtown. Many nights, Tony has got nightmares. He wakes up soaked in blood, but it's not his, as the family doctor (Robert Fyfe) discovers. Sam picks Tony up from school, until Rachel finds them. Although Joe doesn't like it -he intends to marry Rachel- Sam goes to live with them, saying he can't remember anything. Tony sees him eating his pet snake's eggs and runs from him. Sam goes after him, talking to him smoothly, and drinks his blood.

Rachel finds Jane's photo in Sam's clothes, but he can't remember her either. Tony discovers he has certain powers now, so he sends a human-size soldier toy (Sean Crawford) to kill their nasty neighbour Mrs Goodman (Anna Wing), in revenge for killing his pet snake. Also, a teddy-clown becomes a human-like clown (Peter Mandell)

Sam and Rachel both decide to visit their former residence, the farm, while leaving Tony at Analise's regard. However, she brings Esteban, her boyfriend, and they make love. Tony demands to play hide-and-see with her. She does so, only to be knocked out by the clown and used as a kind of womb for the alien eggs. Tony sends a toy to kill Esteban. He discovers Analise and runs away, but a puma kills him. The building-keeper is also killed when Rachel asks him to watch Tony, as nobody answers the phone at home.

Sam and Rachel make love in the abandoned farm, but she gets afraid because his skin starts to bleed and decompose. Joe has taken Tony there. Sam and Tony go up a hill towards the alien light. Sam has now taken the form of an alien, and his scream and kills Joe. Along with Tony, Sam enters the light and returns to the alien world. Rachel then goes back to the flat on her own, only to be attacked by the same creature that impregnated the woman in the cottage.

Cast

    Philip Sayer as Sam Phillips
    Bernice Stegers as Rachel Phillips
    Danny Brainin as Joe Daniels
    Maryam d'Abo as Analise Mercier
    Simon Nash as Tony Phillips
    Peter Mandell as Clown
    David Cardy as Michael
    Anna Wing as Mrs. Goodman
    Robert Fyfe as Doctor
    Katherine Best as Jane
    Robert Pereno as Ben
    Sean Crawford as Commando
    Tim Dry as Monster
    Susie Silvey as Woman In Cottage
