After 40 years of preparation, Master Mantak Chia is now ready to present the ancient wisdom of the Dark Room Technology; starting February 10, 2002, with the Immortal Tao Practices of Kan & Li (Lesser, Greater and Greatest) in the dark. All spiritual traditions have used the Dark Room techniques throughout the ages, referring to it as the Perfect Inner Alchemy Chamber. 
A dark room environment changes the body chemistry, which affects the Pineal,Pituitary and Thalamus/Hypothalamus Glands.


In Europe, the dark room has often appeared in underground form as a network of tunnels; the Pyramids in Egypt, the catacombs in Rome or the caves used by the Essenes, near the Dead Sea in Israel. The Taoist tradition has used Cave Dark Room Technology throughout the ages for all higher level Inner Alchemy Practices. The Tao says: ‘When you go into the dark and this becomes total, the darkness soon turns into light’Every day the body needs tryptophan, an essential amino acid. This is converted into serotonin and melatonin (average 2-5mg./ day). When you are in the dark room the melatonin is able to build up gradually. When this store reaches a sufficient amount (15-20mg.) the body then produces pinoline (a super conductor). It also realizes that it no longer needs any more melatonin.

At this point the tryptophan is then able to adopt a secondary function of producing 5MEO and DMT (Dimethyltryptamine). When you reach the ‘DMT state’ you begin to function consciously from the various psychic centers or chakras. The bodily processes of ‘Healing Love’ are then combined with those of the Dark Room. The human states of true compassion and sexual arousal create a new chemistry and a new vibration within the body. This ‘special’ vibration occurs at a frequency of 8Hz. ‘As in the macrocosm, so it is in the microcosm’; hence if we make love, then all the cells and DNA actually make love as well. The DNA cross over, like two serpents intertwining in an erotic embrace. You need the orgasmic vibration to arouse this crossover process which leads to the ‘two giving birth to three’; the conception of new cells. The two vital states are compassion and arousal leading to orgasm. Both are inextricably linked to love. When this ‘love-vibration’ reaches the pineal gland a new hormone is produced, which in turn creates whole body conductivity. Only when you feel the waves of orgasmic vibration and unconditional love for the self and others can the process be activated and the essence of the darkroom magnified. When the pinoline is triggered you also activate your clairvoyant, clairsentient and clairaudient powers. You may see light and visions, hear music and gain phenomenal insight. Cosmic particles, which have the same cell structures as humans (and from which the Tao believes you evolved) are attracted to you magnetically. You are able to decode this universal information carried from outer space, which may be as old as nothingness itself. When you enter this primordial state or force you are reunited with the true self and divinity within. You literally ‘conduct’ the universal energy. You may see into the past and future, understand the true meaning of existence and begin to understand the order of things. You return to the womb, the cocoon of our material structure and nature’s original Dark Room.

Overview of the Dark Room Retreats 
Using a Partner System the first few days will be used to make up for any sleep deficiency and to relax the body from its daily concerns. Sleeping 12-14 hours a day, will promote healthy amounts of melatonin. We will practice 2 hours of Simple Chi Kung and CNT and Thai massage will be available. Fresh juices and soup will be served for breakfast and an organic meal in the afternoon. All food will be light and easily digestible and all service provided by Tao Garden staff with night vision goggles. We will commence the Kan and Li practices and gradually increase levels of orgasmic and compassionate energy. When you reach a certain point you will begin to hear the cells and DNA making love or coupling. On the 7th, 14th and 21st. evenings, you will be able to leave the Dark Room Retreat through a reflexive tunnel. You will go outside slowly, wearing your own sunglasses. It is important to wear them all of the next day, until you gradually get used to the light again.The Condominium Buildings will be converted into an air conditioned dark room environment with a central meeting and meditation room. All exterior windows & doors will be sealed with sound & light proof paneling.