PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Bible
Jesus King of Kings
21 Movies Volume 1

POtHS - The Bible - 26 - Jesus - King of Kings - 21 Movies - Vol 1


POtHS says: He is coming in person to a cloud near you soon. Are you Ready?  
This is good for all ages.

Description:

These are High Quality Hollywood Movie Productions.(Real Good Actors) Enjoy

Vol 1

At Jesus Side - Animation
Case for Christ
Creating an Event in Heaven
Jesus
Jesus - 8 Languages
Jesus - He Lived Among Us - Animation
Jesus King of All Kings
Jesus Movie for Kids - Animation

Vol 2

Jesus of Nazareth
Jesus the Movie
King of Kings
Magdalena - Released From Shame -8 Languages

Vol 3

The Case for a Creator, for Christ and for Faith - 3 DVD's
The Gospel of John
The Greatest Story Ever Told
The Jesus Film Project
The Miracle Maker
The Nativity Story
The Passion Of The Christ
The Star of Bethlehem
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

    

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
