#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-30-13
Host: 	John B. Wells
Guests: 	William Thomas, Michael Murphy

In the first half of the program, investigative journalist William Thomas joined John B. Wells to reveal a correlation between chemtrails, electromagnetic radiation and human health. For some time now the military has been spreading barium in the sky in order to bounce military radio and radar beams, as well as HAARP, over the horizon, Thomas explained. This 'aerosol project' has been confirmed by two scientists at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, he noted. Evidence of barium fallout can be found on rainy days in the soapy runoff seen along roadways, Thomas added. These chemtrails not only interfere with weather patterns but also amplify the harmful effects of radio frequency and microwave exposure, he said.

"Chemtrails give us a toxic exposure and barium-boosted wireless radiation inhibits our body's ability to compensate and respond," Thomas continued. Dosage is cumulative over time and can cause numerous symptoms, including aching joints, asthma attacks, headaches, sudden dizziness, rashes and sores, gastrointestinal discomfort, persistent cough, inability to concentrate, and problems with the heart, he reported. The dangerous synergism of barium mixed with our everyday exposure to electromagnetic radiation is not the only hazardΓÇöthe particle size is also toxic, according to Thomas. Inhaling particles of barium aerosol will inflame the heart and can potentially cause a heart attack within 24 hours, he disclosed.

During the latter half of the show, filmmaker Michael Murphy spoke about chemtrails and geoengineering, which he identified as "the greatest threat to our planet that we will ever have." According to Murphy, toxic aluminum oxide is being sprayed into the atmosphere to modify the Earth's climate. The stated goal of the geoengineers is to mitigate the effects of global warming, he said, noting that saving the planet has nothing to do with their real agenda. Geoengineering actually causes ozone depletion, changes to the pH of soil, as well as droughts and floods, Murphy explained, adding that as many as two billion people could have food disruptions because of it. So why are they spraying? Murphy thinks weather control is the most effective way for the elite to consolidate monetary and political power. He announced that he is working with other organizations to get these programs stopped.
Website(s):

    willthomasonline.net
    whyintheworldaretheyspraying.com

Video(s):

    What in the World Are They Spraying?
    Why in the World Are They Spraying?

Book(s):

    Chemtrails Confirmed

