
Selected as Editor's Choice in the iOS App Store, featured in *TegraZone* and rated 4/4 "Must Have" by critics, BLADESLINGER is a visually stunning, fast paced 3D action brawler developed exclusively for high-end mobile devices. BLADESLINGER follows the story of William Glaston as he returns to his hometown to confront an ancient evil.

Featured by TouchArcade as App Users' Top Ten Most Anticipated Upcoming Games, identified as one of the best games of the year, Bladeslinger is now here!

★ REACTIONS ★

Rated 4/4 'Must Have' on SlideToPlay - "Bladeslinger is one of the best new iOS games of the year, due to its polished combination of action, exploration, and narrative."

“What Luma Arcade has managed to do with Unity is amazing. It marks another step forward for mobile.” -- Joachim Ante, CTO of Unity Technologies

“Luma Arcade seems to have crafted a very compelling world and an awesome game to flesh it out with. Oh, and it looks freaking amazing.” -- 148Apps

“The glossy, slick action game absolutely rivals many modern console games…” -- Develop Magazine

“The game's graphics are absolutely stunning, the swipe and tap-based control provide a ton of tactical flexibility, and the wide range of special moves and unlockables keep the game extremely fresh.” -- iMore

★ DESCRIPTION ★

BEST MOBILE GRAPHICS YOU’VE EVER SEEN
Bladeslinger introduces graphics features never seen before on mobile devices. Multiple mind-blowing 3D environments and characters, dynamic lighting and shadows with no detail spared. As mobile games approach console quality, Bladeslinger pushes the bar further than ever before.

SAVE HAMMER’S PEAK!
You play as William Glaston, a native of Hammer’s Peak returning home from war to find his once peaceful town deserted and overrun with hostile creatures he’s never seen before. Follow William’s quest for truth and the salvation of Hammer’s Peak.

TOUCH-EXCLUSIVE CONTROLS & DESIGN
Bladeslinger takes full advantage of the flexibility and unique options for gaming with touch screen devices. Quick shooting, split second dodging, combo attacks, monster punching and punishing special moves -- all achieved with simple, intuitive touch gesture controls. 

What's in this version:
New gunblades in the store
Localization for French, Italian, German, Spanish, Korean, and Japanese
Subtitles
Various bugfixes and improvements

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kerosenegames.bsep1


Instructions:

1.Copy 'com.kerosenegames.bsep1' folder to 'sdcard/Android/obb'
2.Install APK
3.Launch the game
