Beginning C 5th Edition

Book Description
Publication Date: February 27, 2013 | ISBN-10: 1430248815 | ISBN-13: 978-1430248811 | Edition: 5

Beginning C, 5th Edition teaches you how to program using the widely-available C language. You will begin from first-principles and progress through step-by-step examples to become a competent, C-language programmer. All you need are this book and any of the widely available free or commercial C or C++ compilers, and you will soon be writing real C programs.

C is a foundational language that every programmer ought to know. C is the basis for C# used in Microsoft .NET programming. It is the basis for Objective-C used in programming for the iPhone, the iPad, and other Apple devices. It is the basis for the C++ that is widely used in a great many contexts, including the GNU Project. It underlies the Linux operating system and many of its utilities. Learning C provides a strong foundation for any programming care, and will even help you better understand more modern languages such as Java.

Beginning C is written by renowned author Ivor Horton. The book increases your programming expertise by guiding you through the development of fully working C applications that use what you have learned in a practical context. You will also be able to strike out on your own by trying the exercises included at the end of each chapter. At the end of the book you will be confident in your skills with all facets of the widely-used and powerful C language.

    The only beginning-level book to cover the latest ANSI standard in C
    Revised to cover C99 features newly-supported by language compilers
    Emphasizes writing code after the first chapter
    Includes substantial examples relevant to intermediate users

What you will learn:

    Make use of all core language features such as for loops and branching
    Dynamically manage memory using pointers and indirection
    Modularize your code through controlling scope and creating functions
    Move data in and out of your program via keyboard, display monitor, and data files
    Have the computer write your code for you via preprocesser directives
    Properly type your data and create structures to manage it efficiently

Who this book is for:

Beginning C, 5th Edition is aimed at programmers aspiring to work with C and C-like languages on platforms ranging from mobile devices such as phones and tablets to desktop environments to server hardware. The book is also helpful to programmers working in the field of embedded software, such as that used to control microwaves, toasters, and other home appliances. Any programmer seeking mastery of possibly the most fundational language in existence will find in Beginning C an excellent, sound, standards-based introduction that will serve them well in their career.

Table of Contents:

    Programming in C
    First Steps in Programming
    Making Decisions
    Loops
    Arrays
    Applications with Strings and Text
    Pointers
    Structuring Your Programs
    More on Functions
    Essential Input and Output Operations
    Structuring Data
    Working with Files
    Supporting Facilities
    Advanced and Specialized Topics
    A. Computer Arithmetic
    B. ASCII Character Code Definitions
    C. Reserved Words in C
    D. Input and Output Format Specifications
    E. Standard Library Headers

