
nERv

Ys I & II Chronicles (c) XSEED

02/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action, RPG

Note: packed seperately, because that's how Steam delivered them

Long, long ago, there was an ancient kingdom called Ys which prospered under
the auspices of two heavenly Goddesses. Over time, the kingdom came to be
known as Esteria, and its divine history was largely forgotten by all but the
descendants of those who once preached the Goddesses' will. The only reminder
of this lost lore was a cursed spire at the foot of a giant crater, which
locals came to regard as The Devil's Tower.

Eventually, the men and women who called Esteria their home began mining a
uniquely radiant silver from the nearby mountains, and development boomed
Towns were built, and the land became rich with life.

Then, all at once, monsters began to appear. Only a few at first  but soon
enough, the land was swarming with them, and the Esterians had no choice but
to hide in fear, remaining ever vigilant just to stay alive.

Our story begins with a young man who'd heard rumors of these misfortunes,
and strove to verify them with his own eyes a brave swordsman with an
adventurous spirit bolstered by his own youthful naivet.

His name was Adol Christin.

With no regard for his own safety, Adol set sail toward Esteria through a
heretofore impassable barrier of neverending storms. There, he was destined
to become ensconced within a 700 year-old mystery that would ultimately take
him to a long-lost land nestled amongst the clouds...

Ys I & II Chronicles is the most modernized and up-to-date remake of
Falcom's classic franchise-spawning action RPGs from 1987 and 1988. Come see
how the story began, and witness the birth of a legend

Features
Classic buttonless bump combat receives a full analog-enabled
upgrade for gamepad users, and is augmented in Ys II by a robust magic
system.
Character art selectable from 90s-style portraits or more modern anime
designs.
Transform into a demon to speak with any and every standard enemy in the
game, creating unparalleled depth that still impresses even to this day.
(Ys II only)
Adjustable high-resolution PC graphics with a smooth, consistent
framerate.

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
your game install directory
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

