
When you want your audience to truly be interested in your material, you don't try to get your message across in mere words! You use snappy graphics, and charts, and images! But instead of juggling a smorgasbord of presentation applications for different uses, why not just consolidate all of your presentation magic-making into Presentation3D?

Presentation3D gives you access to powerful techniques that you can harness to develop impressive, professional, and effective presentations in a number of formats! With Presentation3D, you'll be able to produce solutions that incorporate images, text, video, and data in a way that will capture the attention of your audience. Even if you aren't very creative, it's easy to get started with Presentation3D, thanks to the included templates and styles.

So, what can you do with Presentation3D? How about an interactive menu that automatically launches slideshows, websites, or executable programs? Or a wall of pictures and information, arrayed in a circle or a gracefully curving animated arc around the viewer? Spice up those boring spreadsheets by importing CSV files into Presentation3D and animating tables and data, or create animated charts and graphs, even 3D models!

Top 10 reasons to use Presentation 3D
1. Easily to generate cool presentation for image, text, video, model and data.
2. Don't need the basis of 3D design.
3. Choose many ways to display your content.
4. Don't need to learn Flash, AE, Photoshop and other 3D Application to create great looking presentation.
5. Choose and use many included design elements, include backgrounds, themes, styles, shapes, effects and so on.
6. Real 3D space, real 3D object.
7. You can export the image or video files, and import other 3D model and texture by the 3D design software.
8. Learn some interesting effect of 3D software,Let you easily.
9. Save money on various 3D interactive design.
10.If you don't have the time, Presentation3D is your best choose, You'll get the high efficiency.

Install:
1. Install software
2. Copy crack file into install folder
3. Run from desktop shortcut
4.Activate the program.

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.

