LaTeX is a document preparation system for high-quality typesetting. It is most often used for 
medium-to-large technical or scientific documents but it can be used for almost any form of 
publishing.

LaTeX is not a word processor! Instead, LaTeX encourages authors not to worry too much about 
the appearance of their documents but to concentrate on getting the right content.


documentclass{article}
title{Cartesian closed categories and the price of eggs}
author{Jane Doe}
date{September 1994}
begin{document}
   maketitle
   Hello world!
end{document}
Or, in English:


This document is an article.
Its title is Cartesian closed categories and the price of eggs.
Its author is Jane Doe.
It was written in September 1994.
The document consists of a title followed by the text Hello world!
This document is an article.
Its title is Cartesian closed categories and the price of eggs.
Its author is Jane Doe.
It was written in September 1994.
The document consists of a title followed by the text Hello world!
LaTeX contains features for:

	-Typesetting journal articles, technical reports, books, and slide presentations.
	-Control over large documents containing sectioning, cross-references, tables and figures.
	-Typesetting of complex mathematical formulas.
	-Advanced typesetting of mathematics with AMS-LaTeX.
	-Automatic generation of bibliographies and indexes.
	-Multi-lingual typesetting.
	-Inclusion of artwork, and process or spot colour.
	-Using PostScript or Metafont fonts.

LaTeX is based on Donald E. Knuth's TeX typesetting language or certain extensions. 
LaTeX was first developed in 1985 by Leslie Lamport, and is now being maintained and 
developed by the LaTeX3 Project. LaTeX is available for free by anonymous ftp.




Instruction:
It has all the packages of LaTeX.

First open MiKTeX 2.9-64bit and
	1) run and install setup-2.9.4503-x64.exe 
	2) install texmakerwin32_install.exe
	3) install both gs902w64.exe and gsv50w64.exe
Then you should be good to go!