Now America's foremost survival author gives you and your loved ones the tips and secrets you’ll need to prevail in a dangerous world.

Whether you’re concerned about localized disasters, government meltdown, or an end-of-civilization catastrophe, this manual tells you how to survive the worst, and how to survive it in style. Easy-to-read chapters offer information you’ll find nowhere else, revealing practical instructions covering everything from dealing with the next super storm, to living through to a government collapse, to surviving terrorist attacks and war.

Chapter after chapter offers detailed, lifesaving plans: How to feed your family (for just pennies a day) if the stores are closed, how to heat your home if the gas and electricity are out, and how to protect your loved ones from rioters and looters when the police are nowhere to be found.

You’ll also discover ways to minimize damage to your home and belongings before an earthquake, storm, or other natural disaster as well as what you must do after such events to quickly recover and remain safe.

The result of decades of hands-on experience, this manual was written by an author who’s no stranger to preparing for the worst. Duncan Long has been writing survival books and articles since the late 1970s; buyers of his manuals include the FBI, CIA, and US Marines. His articles have appeared in American Survival Guide, the Journal of American Civil Defense, and Modern Survival Magazine.

Now Long has boiled down his survival know-how into one thorough manual covering subjects not generally found in other similar books, and often overlooked by preppers and survivalists (but which could spell the difference between life and death). He also gives you a realistic assessment of the best defensive firearms (and which are less effective), ways to find food and water during an emergency (in both urban and rural settings), and how to improvise (as well as where to purchase) decontamination kits for countering chemical and biological agents. Also there are tips for dealing with the highly contagious plagues that often appear in the aftermath of disasters, including ways for treating the victims of such diseases.

YOU CAN SURVIVE also contains tips on barter (and why precious metals might be a poor investment for emergencies), shows how to travel during emergencies (including ways to defeat roadblocks and avoid being forced off the road), and discloses when “bugging out” might be a good strategy – and when it would likely be a fatal mistake.

You’ll even find ways to protect yourself from the “unthinkable,” whether a “dirty bomb” created by terrorists or a nuclear exchange between nations.

Always with an eye toward saving you money, YOU CAN SURVIVE offers a comprehensive assessment of the equipment you need to prepare for the worst – and also exposes the truth about some often-recommended gear you don’t need. You’ll learn how to handle medical emergencies (even when there’s no doctor available), how to avoid being targeted by criminals (whether kidnappers, burglars, or muggers), and tips for crime-proofing your home and business.

YOU CAN SURVIVE the Very Worst Manmade and Natural Disasters will enable you to deal with the unexpected and protect your loved ones. Currently selling at a low price (due to an agreement with the author so that as many readers as possible can access this lifesaving information), there will never be a better time to buy this manual.