Six Sigma for Small Business (PDF)

Author: Greg Brue, Six Sigma Consultants, Inc.
File size: 1.31 MB
ISBN: 1932531556, 9781932531558
Publisher: Entrepreneur Press
Year: 2005
Subjects: business and economics, quality control, management, leadership, investment
Pages: 320

Greg Brue, a Six Sigma pioneer from Jack WelchΓÇÖs original team at General Electric shows you how to bring big improvements to your small business.

Six Sigma for Small Business is the first book to apply six sigma to the unique challenges of a small business. It shows how to use the methodology in all aspects of business to identify and fix problems, with chapters on: accounting, finance, sales and marketing, purchasing a business, human resources, and developing new products. 
It walks you through a step-by-step implementation of six sigma, describing how to identify needs, develop metrics, and set objectives. It also provides real-life examples of small-business six sigma success stories.

Apply the powerful technique of Six Sigma to your business.

When Six Sigma pioneer Greg Brue worked on the first large-scale Six Sigma program at General Electric Co., it changed the face of business by decreasing wasted costs, improving performance and increasing profit.

Now, for the first time ever, that powerful process can be applied to your small business!

This valuable guide:
-Simplifies the terminology and methodology of Six Sigma and makes the process accessible and applicable to any small business
-Teaches the basics of Six Sigma and walks you through a step-by-step implementation
-Helps you improve quality and efficiency, increase customer satisfaction and boost profits
-Shows you how Six Sigma uncovers hidden sources of money
-Provides real-life examples of small businesses' successes with Six Sigma 

With Six Sigma for Small Business, your business will gain profitability immediately. This guide will change the way you do business forever!

About the Author:
Greg Brue is the worldΓÇÖs leading practitioner of six sigma. 
He worked with CEO Jack Welch to implement six sigma at General Electric, and his success model and training content have been the industry standard for more than a decade. 
As CEO of six sigma Consultants, Inc., he trains and mentors executives and conducts six sigma seminars and monthly boot camps. 
His clients have included Citibank,Target, DuPont, Raytheon, and Verizon.

Contents:
Chapter 1. What Is Six Sigma and Why Should I Care?
Chapter 2. Six Sigma, Your Business, and You
Chapter 3. Defining Key Business Metrics for Six Sigma
Chapter 4. Staffing Your Six Sigma Initiative
Chapter 5. Selecting Your Six Sigma Project
Chapter 6. Your Six Sigma Project: The Define Phase
Chapter 7. Your Six Sigma Project: The Measure Phase
Chapter 8. Your Six Sigma Project: The Analyze Phase
Chapter 9. Your Six Sigma Project: The Improve Phase
Chapter 10. Your Six Sigma Project: The Control Phase
Chapter 11. Sustain Your Six Sigma Gains
