You wanted it, and here it is. The complete June 2009 Live shoot:


Live Show Mondays brings you the June live show that featured Lorelei Lee, Jade Indica and special guest co-top Sexy Jade. 


WMV + Pics on all Parts.


Jade Indica, Lorelei Lee and Sexy Jade Part 1 of 4 of the June Live Feed

Jul 20, 2009 - Performers: Lorelei Lee , Sexy Jade and Jade Indica       


The show starts out 
simple, with the members chatting with the models. We come in and fuck with 
their pretty faces, and tease them with the vibrators. 

We bind up Lorelei, and warm her up for the ordeal that is to come. Look for the 
action to heat up in the part 2 of this hot June live show.



Jade Indica, Lorelei Lee and Sexy Jade Part 2 of 4 of the June Live Feed

Jul 27, 2009 - Performers: Lorelei Lee , Sexy Jade and Jade Indica
       

Live Show Mondays brings you part 2 of the June live show that featured Lorelei 
Lee, Jade Indica and special guest co-top Sexy Jade. 

Both girls are now stripped, tightly bound with leather straps, and manhandled 
around the room. With elbows touching, the girls are totally helpless. 

Then we add a zipper to each girl, both are connected to the same zipper, and we 
play the old game of "wishbone" with them. Pull them apart and see who has the 
most clothespins still attached. Both girls scream in agony as we pull them 
apart. It's Jade that has the most left on her, so we rip them off also.

Then it's Lorelei's turn for a beautiful breath play scene. We take her to the 
edge as her powerful orgasm rips though her body just as the bag over her body 
is almost out of air. One of the most intense consensual scenes you can not 
afford to miss.


Jade Indica, Lorelei Lee and Sexy Jade Part 3 of 4 of the June Live Feed

Aug 3, 2009 - Performers: Lorelei Lee , Sexy Jade and Jade Indica
                 

Jade Indica is the main focus of this part of the live June show, as Lorelei was 
bound to the wall and made to watch.

First Jade Indica is bound ass up over a wooden horse, and Sexy Jade whips out 
her 8 inch surprise. After a nice mouth fucking Sexy Jade gets all up into our 
helpless slut and fucks her to orgasm. A brutal fucking was just what our 
bondage slut needed.

We then move Jade Indica to a blow job station, while we work on Lorelei Lee. 
Jade has her mouth fucked while Lorelei is subjugated to an intense scene 
against the wall.


Jade Indica, Lorelei Lee and Sexy Jade Part 4 of 4 of the June Live Feed

Aug 10, 2009 - Performers: Lorelei Lee , Sexy Jade and Jade Indica
       

We bind our girls in one of the most diabolical double binds to date. Jade 
Indica is on the floor, with her feet tied to a rope that is pulling on Lorelei 
sexy inverted neck. Jade must keep her feet up at all times or she will slowly 
choke out Lorelei who is helpless with a vibrator on her clit. Jade is brought 
to tears as she struggles not to choke her friend, and her legs and stomach 
muscles give out. Jade begs for help as her legs get heavier and heavier and she 
can longer keep her legs up. Lorelei suffers as her friend fails her. One of the 
most intense live scenes we have done to date.

Screens 
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=6842 
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=6843 
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=6844 
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=6979

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

