
The epic conclusion to filmmaker Christopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy arrives on Android in the exclusive video game inspired by the movie.

THE EXCLUSIVE GAME INSPIRED BY THE DARK KNIGHT RISES

After being gone for eight years, Bruce Wayne gets back into action as Batman. Waiting for him are the mysterious Selina Kyle and Bane, a lethal adversary on a crusade to tear apart Batman’s legacy piece by piece.
Meet all of Batman’s allies and regain your strength to protect Gotham City from Bane.
Become completely immersed in the story thanks to likenesses of all the movie’s main characters like Catwoman, Lucius Fox and Commissioner Gordon.

AN EPIC GAMING EXPERIENCE

Dozens of missions plus random events will make you feel all the thrills of being a superhero. Deal with hostage situations, bomb squads, jailbreaks and car chases to prove that you’re the true protector of Gotham.
A thrilling fighting system that puts you right in the heart of the action thanks to many different moves and cinematic effects.
Collect items hidden within the city to unlock upgrades and new fighting skills for Batman.

PLAY AS THE DARK KNIGHT

Access Batman’s complete arsenal and learn how to take full advantage of each tool. Use the Grapnel to cross the city or to defeat foes, throw the Batarang to knock out your enemies or to hit a distant button; the possibilities are infinite.
When kicks and gadgets are of no use, The Dark Knight relies on his vehicles to get the job done. Drive the Bat-Pod for special vigilante missions or pilot The Bat for fast travel across the city.

EXPERIENCE GOTHAM AS YOU NEVER HAVE BEFORE

Explore the entire city of Gotham and its different districts spread across a huge map and enjoy stunning graphics for total immersion in the dark universe of Batman.

What's in this version:
New in this update:
- Improved performance
- Gameplay tweaks
- Optimized game size compared to previous version
New permission required: Kill background processes.
The game uses this permission to ensure greater stability and performance.

- Unlimited Money!


Instructions by: @Adonis Juan

1. Install the APK and Run APK (do not copy yet the obb file).
2. Game will crash.
3. Folder "com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftKRHM" will be CREATED to Android/obb.
4. Paste the OBB file only inside the created folder in your android/obb.
5. Run the game and enjoy!
-
Tested and work on Galaxy S3.
