 Susan Stein, "The Complete Fabric Artist's Workshop"
English | ISBN: 1589236637 | 2011 | EPUB | 256 pages | 80,4 MB

The Complete Fabric Artist's Workshop is a comprehensive source of all the newest and most popular fiber art techniques! It is a compilation of the best of Fabric Art Projects (Creative Publishing international, 2009) and Fabric Art Workshop (Creative Publishing international, 2007). This technique-driven book explores a wide range of new possibilities and materials available to fabric and journal artists. Each unique technique is presented with brilliant photography and step-by-step instructions. Experiments lead to discoveries. Amaze yourself with exciting fabrics you can fashion, using everyday products and the newest materials on the market. Then turn your works of art into a journal, a quilt, a wall hanging, a garmentΓÇöwhatever you desire.

The Complete Fabric ArtistΓÇÖs Workshop teaches techniques for altering the character and color of fabric to create truly personal pieces. Watch spontaneous designs develop when you try lasagna painting, monoprinting, splash and puddle, and other unique techniques. Burn your silk, rust your cottons, and distress your felt. For each technique, Susan has designed a project that makes the most of your newly crafted fabric. Fuse Angelina fibers into a colorful collage to wrap around plain jars or vases. Send your friends one-of-a-kind fabric postcards made with painted fusible web. Give the dining room cozy ambience with gossamer silk candle covers and monoprinted placemats. Go to work in style with your brayer-printed lunch bag and a quilted, painted folder briefcase. Accessorize an outfit with a designer necklace made of unique fabric beads or drape your neck with a to-die-for rust-dyed scarf. Whether you are an accomplished fabric artist or a novice who's eager to learn, youΓÇÖll find The Complete Fabric Artist's Workshop extremely helpful and inspiring.

BASED ON THE LIKING AND COMMENTS...MORE SIMILAR BOOKS WILL BE ADDED  :)