HTD "Happy Torrents Day 2013"

Trump University Entrepreneurship 101: How to Turn Your Idea into a Money Machine Second Edition

Author: Michael E. Gordon
Year: 2009
Edition: Second
Pages: 304
ISBNs: 0470467185, 0470531630, 9780470467183, 9780470531631
Publisher: John Wiley & Sons
Size: 4.41 MB (PDF)
Subjects: Business, Economics, Entrepreneurship, Leadership 

Trump University books are practical, straightforward primers on the basics of doing business the Trump way—successfully. Written by leading experts and including an inspiring first chapter by Trump himself, these books pre-sent smart business wisdom illustrated by real-life examples from Trump and other world-renowned experts. 

Perfect for anyone who wants to get ahead in business without the cost of an MBA, these street-smart books provide real-world business advice based on the one thing you can't get in any business school—experience.

In Trump University Entrepreneurship 101, Second Edition, you'll learn how to:

-Build your own Money Machine!
-Start a successful business no matter what the economy is doing
-Unleash your entrepreneurial power
-Use social networking and cloud computing to build your business
-Create a simple (and successful) business plan
-Master the art of negotiation
-Concentrate on the customer
-Launch your new venture!

Although he has ups and downs like every entrepreneur, Donald Trump is one of the world’s most famous entrepreneurs for good reason—he’s one of the best. In Trump University Entrepreneurship 101, Second Edition he teams up with business owner and professor Michael Gordon to show you how to take your dream and turn it into a big-time moneymaker. 

This new edition is completely updated with timely new material and three new chapters, teaching you how to build a technology venture, even without formal technical education; how to use social networking, Web 2.0, and "cloud computing" to achieve competitive advantages, and how to exploit opportunities during recessionary times.

If you dream of starting your own business, this is the inspiring, comprehensive guide that shows you how to do it from planning to starting up to expansion. It shows you how to mobilize resources, develop a workable strategy, write an effective business plan, raise money, negotiate with investors, and launch your business.

-With a first chapter by Trump
-Author Michael Gordon is the founder of five successful companies and teaches entrepreneurship at a number of colleges, including the Harvard University Extension School, Babson College and The International School of Management in Paris
-Fully revised and updated including new chapters on hot topics in entrepreneurship
-Includes visual models, case studies, downloadable worksheets, pep talks, and stories from Trump himself

If anyone knows how to succeed in business, it's Donald Trump and his team of experts from Trump University. If you are ready for your entrepreneurial adventure, here’s all the help you need.

CONTENTS:

Foreword by Donald Trump
Acknowledgments
Introduction Buckle up for Your
Fantastic Voyage

Chapter 1: Trump on Entrepreneurship
Chapter 2: Unleash Your Entrepreneurial Power
Chapter 3: Feel the Fear - Do it Anyway
Chapter 4: Start Right - Build on the CUSTOMER Model
Chapter 5: Find Ideas in a Turbulent World

Chapter 6: Select One (and Only One) Opportunity
Chapter 7: Exploit Opportunities during Challenging Economic Times
Chapter 8: Build Your Fortune as a Techno-preneur
Chapter 9: Bootstrap
Chapter 10: Plan for the War with Your Competitors

Chapter 11: Design Your Money Machine
Chapter 12: Virtualize and Globalize
Chapter 13: Harness Web 2.0 for Competitive Advantage
Chapter 14: Do Well and Do Good
Chapter 15: Devise a Winning Strategy

Chapter 16: Project Your Growth and Profitability
Chapter 17: Mobilize Powerful Resources Quickly
Chapter 18: Develop a Simple, Effective Business Plan
Chapter 19: Become a Win-Win Negotiator
Chapter 20: Raise Money

Chapter 21: Fixate on the Customer
Chapter 22: Launch Your Venture!
Chapter 23: Suffer Growing Pains Joyfully
Notes
Index

Sorry, I have slow connection...
