Cast: Wakana Hikaru,Hayakawa Serina,Uehara Kaera,Winnie Leung Man-Yee,Oscar Lam Wai-Kin,Frankie Ng Chi-Hung,Samuel Leung Cheuk-Moon,Tam Kon-Chung,Lee Kin-Yan

The Forbidden Legend: Sex & Chopsticks is based on the classic 17th century Chinese novel “Jin Ping Mei” (“The Plum In The Vase”). It’s the tale of a young nobleman raised in a world of privilege and sexual permissiveness. Simon Qing (Lam Wai-Kin) is a young boy living with his famed sexologist father and ailing mother. Sex is a mystery to the boy even as he observes his father’s multiple concubines, pornographic art, and voracious appetite for animal dong. Qing’s mother is dying but requests one last thing from her husband… no, not to take care of young Qing. And no, not to remember her always. Mom just wants one more earth shattering orgasm before she dies, so Dad sticks his needle in her (not a euphemism… he uses acupuncture in her breasts to provide an energy boost for fornication), sexes her up, and then holds her in his arms as she expires.

Qing’s father begins to train him in the sexual arts by various means including literary knowledge, art history, penile calligraphy, and of course, the fabled penis push-ups seen above. (Can you beat my record of seventeen?) The one rule is that Qing cannot be with a woman until his father gives permission, so Qing spends much of his time pleasuring himself. A young woman named Violetta (Kaera Uehara) comes to stay with them and Qing’s horniness level shoots through the bamboo roof. The duo enjoys multiple sex sessions mimicking the positions depicted in the ancient texts, and Qing finds himself falling for her until she disappears one day. She leaves behind a note explaining that she was hired by Qing’s father to teach him both sex and loss. The rest of the film follows Qing taking the lessons to heart and heading out into the world in search of great sex.

Cove and Screenshot 
http://i.imgbox.com/adlHA9nv.jpg 
http://i.imgbox.com/adb9eBeg.jpg 
http://i.imgbox.com/acdnUVp6.jpg
