  The Stone Roses - The Stone Roses (2009) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 2009
  Source: 88697430302 / Europe (20th Anniversary Remastered Boxset)
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Indie Rock
  Codec: FLAC
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz

  A1. I Wanna Be Adored 
  A2. She Bangs The Drums 
  A3. Waterfall 
  A4. Don't Stop 
  A5. Bye Bye Bad Man 
  B1. Elizabeth My Dear 
  B2. (Song For My) Sugar Spun Sister 
  B3. Made Of Stone 
  B4. Shoot You Down 
  B5. This Is The One 
  B6. I Am The Resurrection 
  C1. Fools Gold 
  C2. What The World Is Waiting For 
  D1. One Love 
  D2. Something's Burning 
  D3. Where Angels Play 
  E1. Elephant Stone 
  E2. Full Fathom Five 
  E3. The Hardest Thing In The World 
  E4. Going Down 
  F1. Guernica 
  F2. Mersey Paradise 
  F3 Standing Here 
  F4. Simone

  Since the Stone Roses were the nominal leaders of Britain's "Madchester" scene -- an indie rock phenomenon that fused guitar pop with drug-fueled rave and dance culture -- it's rather ironic that their eponymous debut only hints at dance music. What made the Stone Roses important was how they welcomed dance and pop together, treating them as if they were the same beast. Equally important was the Roses' cool, detached arrogance, which was personified by Ian Brown's nonchalant vocals. Brown's effortless malevolence is brought to life with songs that equal both his sentiments and his voice -- "I Wanna Be Adored," with its creeping bassline and waves of cool guitar hooks, doesn't demand adoration, it just expects it. Similarly, Brown can claim "I Am the Resurrection" and lie back, as if there were no room for debate. But the key to The Stone Roses is John Squire's layers of simple, exceedingly catchy hooks and how the rhythm section of Reni and Mani always imply dance rhythms without overtly going into the disco. On "She Bangs the Drums" and "Elephant Stone," the hooks wind into the rhythm inseparably -- the '60s hooks and the rolling beats manage to convey the colorful, neo-psychedelic world of acid house. Squire's riffs are bright and catchy, recalling the British Invasion while suggesting the future with their phased, echoey effects. The Stone Roses was a two-fold revolution -- it brought dance music to an audience that was previously obsessed with droning guitars, while it revived the concept of classic pop songwriting, and the repercussions of its achievement could be heard throughout the '90s, even if the Stone Roses could never achieve this level of achievement again.