DVDFab is one of the top DVD copy and backup software applications available on the market. Highlights include DVD and 

video conversion, Blu-Ray decryption and DVD data recovery abilities. All of these, together with the DVD/Blu-Ray creation 

features make it one of the most versatile DVD management suites ever to meet its category.
 
DVDFab also has the ability to compress dual-layer discs to single-layer; it splits titles belonging to a dual-layer disc 

or to two single-layer DVDs and allows to burn the images to recordable discs.
 
The installation process completes in less than a minute and requires a system restart in order to function properly. The 

interface of DVDFab is easy to understand and to navigate; the main options are displayed on the left side, while the panel 

on the right is reserved for selecting the source and target and additional conversion/copying settings.
 
One of the most important and appreciated features of DVDFab is the DVD copy utility, which allows you to rip/copy/burn DVD 

content to blank discs, all the while preserving the quality of the original files.
 
DVDFab also provides you with the means to rip DVDs to popular video/audio formats, thus allowing you to ready your media 

content for devices such as iPod, iPad, PS3 or Xbox.
 
The application features quite a few for handling Blu-Ray files: one that allows to copy Blu-Rays to your hard drive 

(removing all the copy protections), a ripper that converts the files to formats playable on PS3/Xbox/iPhone/iPad (3D 

formats included), a Blu-Ray to DVD encoder and a Blu-Ray creator.
 
Aside from the DVD/Blu-Ray related capabilities, DVDFab also comes with an excellent and speedy video converter, which 

allows you to convert virtually all popular video formats to files playable on modern devices, such as the aforementioned 

ones.
 
In short, DVDFabΓÇÖs set of features includes impressive abilities, such as CSS decryption, region code removal, rich format 

support and DVD restoration. The quality of the output files is amazing, no compromises are made whatsoever.
 

OS : Windows 8/7/Vista/XP (32-bit/64-bit). 
Language : Multilingual 