
Real Racing 3 sets a new standard for mobile racing games – it really must be experienced to be believed.
**This is a highly detailed game of superior quality. Please make sure you have at least 1.2GB of free space on your device.**

Trailblazing new features include officially licensed tracks, an expanded 22-car grid, and over 45 meticulously detailed cars from makers like Porsche, Lamborghini, Dodge, Bugatti, and Audi. Plus, racing with friends gets kicked into another dimension with the reality-bending Time Shifted Multiplayer™ (TSM) technology.

REAL CARS
Featuring Real Racing’s largest roster of cars yet, don’t miss our new manufacturers like Porsche, Lamborghini, Dodge, Bugatti, and Audi. Take the wheels of over 45 intensely detailed racers and test your skills on an authentic 22-car race grid – for the first time on mobile.

REAL TRACKS
In another first for the Real Racing series, burn rubber on a full lineup of real tracks in multiple configurations from top locations around the world, including Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Silverstone, Hockenheimring, and many more.

REAL PEOPLE
Like nothing you’ve seen before, our innovative new Time Shifted Multiplayer™ lets you race anyone, anytime – even if they’re offline! Every career event is filled with fully interactive AI-controlled time-shifted versions of your Facebook friends, as well as other players from around the world.

MORE CHOICES THAN EVER
Compete in over 900 events like cup races, eliminations, endurance challenges, and drag races. Upgrade your car parts to maximize performance. See the action through a variety of camera angles and fine-tune the controls to your personal preference.

THE PREMIER RACING EXPERIENCE
Powered by the remarkable new MintTM 3 Engine, Real Racing 3 features persistent car damage, fully functioning rear view mirrors, and dynamic reflections for a super-enhanced racing reality. Enjoy a rich, next-gen game with the most advanced cross-platform social and competitive racing community ever. Real Racing 3 delivers it all.

What's in this version:
Real Racing goes to the Middle East! Race around the challenging Dubai Autodrome at twilight in a brand new range of Lexus and Dodge cars.
- New Track – Dubai Autodrome: 6 track layouts with day and twilight racing
- New Manufacturer – Lexus
- New Cars - Lexus IS-F, Lexus LFA, Dodge Charger RT, Dodge Charger SRT8
- 50+ new events
If you have any issues to report or suggestions to make, please visit our support site at http://www.firemonkeys.com.au/support
Includes fix for offline play.
- Unlimited Gold

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ea.games.r3_row&hl


For Unlimited Gold:
1- Delete "doc" folder from "com.ea.games.r3_row"
2- Copy "doc" folder from "Unlimited Gold" file to "com.ea.games.r3_row"
3- Run the game and you will have 999989999999 gold coins
