PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 29 - Biblical Collection - Volume 01 - Icons Peter and Paul


POtHS says: This is good for all ages. These films are of a much higher Quality than The History Channels portrayal of The Bible.

Description:

Saint Peter:

Category Dramas DVDs, Christianity Movies, Epic
Starring Omar Sharif, Daniele Pecci, Claudia Koll
Director Giulio Base

As a dedicated follower of Christ, Peter spreads the message of the Christians across the land, often staying only one step ahead of those determined to persecute him. But on the road to Damascus, Peter comes face-to-face with a stranger who shows him the only way - he must put himself on the cross in order to bring peace to Rome. Omar Sharif stars.

Oscar nominee Omar Sharif (LAWRENCE OF ARABIA) stars in this drama about the life of Peter. After Christ's death and resurrection, strife between his followers and the Romans increases, and the disciples become targets for their faith. Peter realizes that he may have to follow in the footsteps of his Lord and Savior, even if they lead him to a death on the cross.

Paul The Emissary:

The world-changing saga of Paul the Apostle.

The early first century followers of Jesus were a small, struggling group within Judaism who seemingly posed no threat to anyone, certainly not the mighty Roman empire. But there was one determined to see this fledging faith exterminated. His name was Saul and he became the greatest persecutor of the early church. But within a matter of a few years, the Christians fiercest opponent became its most effective advocate.

Struck down by a powerful conversion experience on the road to Damascus, Saul--his name changed to Paul--went on to become the greatest missionary in the history of Christianity. He went on to write more of the New Testament books than any other. In this impressive drama starring Garry Cooper we follow Saul the angry zealot to Paul the servant of Christ who will pay any price to bring his message to the world.

SPECIAL FEATURES:

 * Biographical information on leading actors
 * Chapter titles provided for easy scene access
 * Extra bonus feature: I, Paul -- a reenactment of II Timothy


Peter & Paul

Anthony Hopkins stars in this epic network television mini-series that brings to life the precarious existence of early Christianity. The new movement is beset by violent opposition from without and constant turmoil from within. Two key leaders emerge -- Peter and Paul -- who struggle to keep the faith alive. This dramatic presentation follows the pair, together and separately, through three epochal decades. Included are the stoning of Stephen, the road to Damascus, their encounter in Jerusalem, their conflicts over how the word of Christ should be spread. PaulΓÇÖs travels to Asia Minor and Greece, Peter and PaulΓÇÖs clashes over Jewish law, and PeterΓÇÖs decision to follow in PaulΓÇÖs courageous footsteps. The drama concludes in Rome in approximately A.D. 64 with the beheading of Paul and the crucifixion of Peter under Emperor Nero.


Paul The Apostle:

I was pleased with the High Quality of Film work and actors. The Story was very close to what the Bible says and I really enjoyed it. It was informative as it show, the persecution the Early Christians received from the Jews and The Romans.

Where the Passion ends...the story of Paul begins.

Paul The Apostle -aka- (Saul of Tarsus) and (St. Paul).

From the Emmy award-winning director of Joseph and Jesus comes the story of Paul the Apostle. This miniseries chronicles the life of Christ's most prolific messenger. Paul, originally known as Saul of Tarsus, was a persecutor of Christians until Jesus came to him in a vision. Forever changed, Paul withstood persecution and imprisonment and with unflagging determination he spread the word of Christ. Beautifully shot in the Moroccan desert, Paul the Apostle is a sweeping saga of a man whose story continues after the Passion of Christ.

Travel the road to Damascus and witness Saul's transformation from persecutor to preacher of Christ! Look behind the pages of Scripture to observe political and religious conflicts. As you follow Paul's gospel-spreading journeys, you'll see what life was like for first-century believers. Beautifully filmed on location in Morocco. (Contains some violence.) Approx. 3 hours

--------------------------------------------------------------

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
