Fair Warning: This upload has nothing to do with GI Joe, or the Snake Eyes character from that book.


Issues 1-3 of 'Snake Eyes'

Fantagraphics Books, 1991-1993

Another classic, nearly forgotten, hard to find anthology from the good people at Fantagraphics Books. Each issue is filled with far too many names to mention individually, each contributing short, unrelated pieces. Fun books to flip through and just read the things that look interesting, because if something doesn't look interesting, it will change in the next few pages. 

Issue One: 1991 (I think, it may have been 1990), 86 pages
Small selection of contributors includes Glen Head, Mark Newgarden, Chris Ware, Charles Bukowski, Julie Doucet, Alex Ross and many more


Issue Two: 1992, 100 pages
Small selection of contributors includes Mark Beyer, Doug Allen, Kaz, Roy Tompkins, most of the names listed above and many more


Issue Three: 1993, 108 pages
Small selection of contributors includes most of the names listed above as well as Jim Woodring, JR Williams, Justin Green, Gary Leib and many more

(Of issue three, Amazon says) The contributors to the latest edition of this cutting-edge comic strip annual include some of the leading names in alternative comics, from underground veteran Justin Green to acclaimed newer artists Gary Panter, Mark Beyer, and Charles Burns (unfortunately, each represented by only a single page of his work). The real excitement comes from the lesser-known contributors, however. Bob Sikoryak retells the Book of Genesis as a Sunday strip that casts Dagwood and Blondie as Adam and Eve. The versatile David Mazzucchelli (Rubber Blanket) tries his hand at a noir parody. David Sandlin contributes a Panteresque rendition of a guilt-ridden Casper the Friendly Ghost. Doug Allen and Gary Leib collaborate on a giant fold-out in the mode of their Idiotland series. Particularly remarkable is a "Quimby Mouse" strip by Chris Ware, an unsung newcomer whose mastery of the comics medium approaches that of Art Spiegelman (Maus) but whose meticulous illustration is as distinctive and rewarding as anything in comics today. (Also new to this Snake Eyes: an eight-page color section.)