Thomas Frank - Pity the Billionaire: The Hard-Times Swindle and the Unlikely Comeback of the Right

96 kbps, Unabridged, Read by the Author
 
http://us.macmillan.com/book.aspx?isbn=9781427214751

Overview
From the bestselling author of What's the Matter with Kansas?, a wonderfully insightful and sardonic look at why the worst economy since the 1930s has brought about the revival of conservatism

Economic catastrophe usually brings social protest and demands for changeΓÇöor at least it's supposed to. But when Thomas Frank set out in 2009 to look for expressions of American discontent, all he could find were loud demands that the economic system be made even harsher on the recession's victims and that society's traditional winners receive even grander prizes. The American Right, which had seemed moribund after the election of 2008, was strangely reinvigorated by the arrival of hard times. The Tea Party movement demanded not that we question the failed system but that we reaffirm our commitment to it. Republicans in Congress embarked on a bold strategy of total opposition to the liberal state. And TV phenom Glenn Beck demonstrated the commercial potential of heroic paranoia and the purest libertarian economics.

In Pity the Billionaire, Frank, the great chronicler of American paradox, examines the peculiar mechanism by which dire economic circumstances have delivered wildly unexpected political results. Using firsthand reporting, a deep knowledge of the American Right, and a wicked sense of humor, he gives us the first full diagnosis of the cultural malady that has transformed collapse into profit, reconceived the Founding Fathers as heroes from an Ayn Rand novel, and enlisted the powerless in a fan club for the prosperous. The understanding Frank reaches is at once startling, original, and profound.

Library Journal
Frank (columnist, Harper's magazine; What's the Matter with Kansas?) continues his investigation of our country's rightward turn. The 2008 financial meltdown gave rise to the grassroots Tea Party movement: How could a major failure of unbridled capitalism result in a movement supporting...more capitalism? Frank examines this phenomenon by combing through the websites, publications, and TV shows popular with Tea Partiers and tries, sometimes desperately, to find coherence among their grievances. He pays much attention to former Fox News host Glenn Beck, whose combination of conspiracy theorizing, boyish charm, and old-fashioned hucksterism has made him a superstar to this crowd. The resurgent popularity of the late libertarian author Ayn Rand, whose novels and philosophical writings have influenced more politicians today (e.g., Ron Paul, Paul Ryan) than at any other time since their original publication, also merits attention from Frank. VERDICT This is a smart, thorough, and funny examination of the political mood of the Obama era and the future implications of this peculiar episode in American history. Politically liberal readers looking to arm themselves with useful information for the upcoming election season will enjoy this book. [See Prepub Alert, 7/18/11.]ΓÇöBrett Rohlwing, Milwaukee P.L.

Kirkus Reviews
Why one of the biggest financial disasters in history somehow strengthened the political position of those who were most responsible. Columnist Frank (The Wrecking Crew: How Conservatives Rule, 2008, etc.) proposes a few possible explanations. The Obama administration has been too compromised with financial bailouts and has had nothing else substantial to offer, and business sponsors have provided huge amounts of funding and air time. The author doesn't think the principal conservatives are at all concerned with truth, but he ridicules the current administration's insistence on sticking with policies that fail; in this sense he compares Obama to Herbert Hoover. He shows that the slightest shift in approach, like the one Jesse Jones brought to the Hoover-created Reconstruction Finance Corporation, can be crucial in reorganizing financial flows. Frank skewers the Koch Brothers and Fox News for shamelessly promoting the interests of those rescued from their own disasters, while opposing bailouts, and shows how Glenn Beck and others have built their media outreach by perverting themes from the 1930s. He also shows the political pressure groups, such as former Republican House Speaker Richard Armey's Koch-funded Freedom Works train their activists on the "leadership secrets of the Communist Party." Another theme Frank pursues is the trend of the new right leaning on the old left. Where it is all going, he fears, is toward dismantling the remaining social safety net in submission to the dictates of the "free market." An insightful, bitingly humorous book.