AC/DC - High Voltage [1976][2003][Japan Remaster]





01. It's A Long Way To The Top (If You Wanna Rock 'N' Roll)  
02. Rock 'N' Roll Singer  
03. The Jack  
04. Live Wire  
05. T.N.T.  
06. Can I Sit Next To You Girl  
07. Little Lover  
08. She's Got Balls  
09. High Voltage  





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:




AC/DC are an Australian hard rock band, formed in November 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young, who have remained constant members. Commonly referred to as a hard rock or blues rock band, they are also considered pioneers of heavy metal and are sometimes classified as such,though they have always dubbed their music as simply "rock and roll". To date they are one of the highest-grossing bands of all time.

AC/DC underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, High Voltage, on 17 February 1975. Membership subsequently stabilised until bassist Mark Evans was replaced by Cliff Williams in 1977 for the album Powerage. Within months of recording the album Highway to Hell, lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980 after a night of heavy alcohol consumption. The group briefly considered disbanding, but buoyed by support from Scott's parents, decided to continue and set about finding a new vocalist. Ex-Geordie singer Brian Johnson was auditioned and selected to replace Scott. Later that year, the band released the new album, Back in Black, which was made as a tribute to Bon Scott. The album launched them to new heights of success and became their all time best-seller.

The band's next album, For Those About to Rock We Salute You, was their first album to reach number one in the United States. AC/DC declined in popularity soon after drummer Phil Rudd was fired in 1983 and was replaced by future Dio drummer Simon Wright. The band experienced a resurgence in the early 1990s with the release of The Razors Edge. Phil Rudd returned in 1994 after Chris Slade, who was with the band from 1989ΓÇô1994, was asked to leave in favour of him, and contributed to the band's 1995 album Ballbreaker. Since then, the band's line-up has remained the same. Stiff Upper Lip was released in 2000 and was well received by critics, and the band's latest studio album, Black Ice, was released on 20 October 2008 and was the second-highest-selling album of that year. It was their biggest hit on the charts since For Those About to Rock, eventually reaching No.1 on all charts worldwide.

As of 2010, AC/DC had sold more than 200 million albums worldwide, including 71 million albums in the United States alone. Back in Black has sold an estimated 50 million units worldwide, making it the second-highest-selling album by any artist ΓÇô behind only Michael Jackson's Thriller ΓÇô and the highest-selling album by any band. The album has sold 22 million units in the U.S. alone, where it is the sixth-highest-selling album of all time. AC/DC ranked fourth on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock" and were named the seventh "Greatest Heavy Metal Band of All Time" by MTV. In 2004, AC/DC were ranked number 72 in the Rolling Stone list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time".[12] In 2010, AC/DC were ranked number 23 in the VH1 list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time".

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

High Voltage is the first internationally-released album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It contains tracks from their first two Australia-only issued albums, High Voltage and T.N.T. (both from 1975). Originally released on Atlantic Records, this edition of High Voltage has proven popular, selling three million units in the US alone. However, initially the album was panned by some critics upon its release, including a review by Rolling Stone magazine's Billy Altman that called it an "all-time low" for the hard rock genre. It was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Prior to the release of the international version of High Voltage, AC/DC had already released their debut album under the same name High Voltage a year before in Australia only, which had a different track listing. The international release only included two tracks from the original release, with the rest of its songs being pulled from AC/DC's second album T.N.T.. The international releases of High Voltage also had different album covers from the original: one features a picture of Angus Young as he appeared on the cover of the Australian single for "It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll)". An alternative cover was used on the international version's European release.

Most editions of the international album have a version of "It's a Long Way to the Top" that is shorter than the original album version. The full length version is 5:10, while the edited version shortens the last chorus causing the track to fade out early at 5:01. Vinyl editions of the international album contain the edited version. The 1994 remastered CD on Atco Records replaced the edited version of the track with the full length version. The 2003 remastered CD on Epic Records reverted it back to the edited version.

The original version of "High Voltage" which features on the T.N.T. album was longer and finished with a sustained guitar note followed by a single hit of the snare drum. The international version has the song fade out before the sustained note.

