
                                      nERv


  The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing Update v1.0.03 (c) Neocore Games

      05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
            - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action/RPG


Notes:
~~~~~~
This is the third update for this game, and you do not need any previous
update for this release, just the main release. We changed version labelling
to reflect the publishers label.

Check the included text file for a list of what's been patched.

--

Put on your wide-brimmed hat, grab your weapons and embark on an incredible
adventure in the gothic-noir world of Borgovia, where mad science threatens
the fragile peace between monster and mortal. Be Van Helsing, monster-hunter
extraordinaire and save the day with your charming and beautiful companion,
Lady Katarina (who happens to be a ghost, by the way). Explore the savage
wilderness in the mountains and the soot-stained brick districts of a grim
metropolis twisted by weird science, and don t forget: you might never know
who the real monsters are!

Features:
* Enter a memorable gothic-noir universe filled with monsters, magic and
  weird science.
* Play through a refreshingly unique story, spiced up with wry humor and
  snappy dialogue.
* Fight fierce battles against supernatural foes with diverse skills and
  abilities.
* Use the special abilities and tailor the skills of your remarkable
  follower.
* Customize your character through a detailed level-up system where you
  decide which skills and abilities you ll need for the hunt.
* Modify your skills on the spot with a unique power-up system.
* Learn the secrets of mystical alchemy and forge powerful items.
* Build and develop your hideout and place traps to defend it from waves of
  terrible monsters.
* Become the greatest monster slayer of all time while playing a cooperative
  multiplayer monster hunt up to four players.


1. Unrar.
2. Install the update.
3. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
   your game install directory.
4. Play the game.
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
