Anthony Grafton, THE FOOTNOTE: A CURIOUS HISTORY.  Harvard University Press, 1999.

ISBN 9780674307605 | 256 pages | PDF

The weapon of pedants, the scourge of undergraduates, the bete noire of the "new" liberated scholar: the lowly footnote, long the refuge of the minor and the marginal, emerges in this book as a singular resource, with a surprising history that says volumes about the evolution of modern scholarship. In Anthony GraftonΓÇÖs engrossing account, footnotes to history give way to footnotes as history, recounting in their subtle way the curious story of the progress of knowledge in written form.

Grafton treats the development of the footnote -- the one form of proof normally supplied by historians in support of their assertions -- as writers on science have long treated the development of laboratory equipment, statistical arguments, and reports on experiments: as a complex story, rich in human interest, that sheds light on the status of history as art, as science, and as an institution. The book starts in the Berlin of the brilliant nineteenth-century historian Leopold von Ranke, who is often credited with inventing documented history in its modern form. Casting back to antiquity and forward to the twentieth century, Grafton's investigation exposes RankeΓÇÖs position as a far more ambiguous one and offers us a rich vision of the true origins and gradual triumph of the footnote.

Among the protagonists of this story are Athanasius Kircher, who built numerous documents into his spectacularly speculative treatises on ancient Egypt and China; Pierre Bayle, who made the footnote a powerful tool in philosophical and historical polemics; and Edward Gibbon, who transformed it into a high form of literary artistry. Proceeding with the spirit of an intellectual mystery and peppered with intriguing and revealing remarks by those who "made" this history, THE FOOTNOTE brings what is so often relegated to afterthought and marginalia to its rightful place in the center of the literary life of the mind.

From the reviews:

"A witty and characteristically erudite bookΓÇª Grafton's subject, apparently so trivial in itself and yet potentially so enlivening, offers cause for somewhat uneasy mirth. We may recall the toilers of Gulliver's Travels, who sought to make sunbeams from cucumbers. Not surprisingly, the pages of THE FOOTNOTE are peppered with human folly."  --  David McKitterick, The New York Times Book Review

"[It's] hard to imagine a defense of the footnote by any historian with the least sense of style. Yet here it is: THE FOOTNOTE's author, Anthony Grafton, is an anomaly in the American historical profession: a deeply learned scholar known for exacting work on the transformations of classical learning in early modern Europe and a sprightly writer capable of communicating his enthusiasm to anyone willing to listen. Mr. Grafton not only defends the footnote as a guarantee of the value of the historical currency. He also portrays it as a bulwark against tyranny."  --  Mark Lilla, The Wall Street Journal
