Since I'm going to be leaving soon, there is a couple things
I want to get off my chest that I think everyone should be
aware of...

The 5 Key Rules of Peer2Peer and torrents:

- Users must seed back to a ratio of at least 1.5:1. Only
1:1 does not keep the file going as only about 90% of
what was seeded was healthy, usable data to others.

- Users must know how to rename a file. Not everything is
going to be named how one likes as different people go by
different television episode guides. Instead of complaining
about a filename be grateful you have the new release, and
rename the file to ones own liking.

- Users must have patience. Not everything is going to be
released instantaneously. Cappers are NOT machines, they
are real people with real lives; jobs; families; other
things far more important the a crowd of whining ingrates.
Be grateful things become available at all.

- Users must know how to convert file format. Not everything
will be released in the format of choice. So, instead of
sitting on hold waiting for someone to release a copy in
the preferred format, learn how to convert media to that
format for ones own self. If one took the time to learn how
to use torrents, then take a little more time time to learn
how to convert formats.

- If users can't do any one of the above mentioned and cannot
learn something new then they do not belong in p2p networks.


Additional Notes of Peer2Peer and torrenting:

- Regarding RAR files that we get from scene. Disgusted and
tired of so many complaints about it from users yet they
have no idea why it is used. There have been a couple users
attempting to explain the reason for them, but no one has
been correct.

It should be common sense, but will spell it out now...

It is impossible to upload an incomplete file. It would
have to be written over again with each bit of progress.
The RAR files are so that completed parts can upload while
the recording and encoding is still going. The RAR files
are how users can get some shows so fast after airing.
I mean really fast. Within 10 minutes after airing. And
that's when it reaches Peer2Peer, the bottome of the sharing
process. The actual release was probably only 2 minutes
after air.

Now, if users could be so kind and please quit all that
obnoxious, uneducated complaining, that'd be fantastic.

Spread the word and educate others.