Aiseesoft Blu-ray Player

Aiseesoft Blu-ray Player is one easy-to-use player for PC. It can help users enjoy any Blu-ray movie with outstanding and perfect video quality at home. This amazing player can not only play Blu-ray Disc, but also support Blu-ray folder and ISO image files. This Blu-ray Player is reliable and expert in playing Blu-ray discs released in different regions and dates trough simple clicks of mouse.

Key Features of Blu-ray Player:

Play Blu-ray movie at home
Play any Blu-ray disc

Aiseesoft Blu-ray Player is able to play any commercial Blu-ray disc released in different regions. It allows users to play Blu-ray discs chapter by chapter or title by title, but also can freely choose their preferred language, video quality, audio quality, audio effect, subtitles and more.
Support Blu-ray folder and ISO files

This Blu-ray Player can play Blu-ray discs and Blu-ray ISO image files without any quality loss and function miss.

Supports all popular video files
Be capable of playing all videos

Besides of Blu-ray, this player can also play popular media files: MPG, MPEG, VOB, MP4, RMVB, MKV, AVI, FLV, SWF, MOD, TOD, AAC, AC3, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA, and so on.
1080P video watching experience

With this amazing player, users could get wonderful HD video watching experience. It can play any 1080p HD video with superior video quality. Also the deinterlaced feature ensures you an effect of 1080p full HD even the movie is in 1080i.

System Requirements of Blu-ray Player:

OS Supported: Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 (32-bit/64-bit)
CPU: Intel Core2 Duo 2.4GHz processor or equivalent AMD AthlonΓäó processor or higher recommended
RAM: 512 MB RAM or higher recommended
Optical Drive: A internal or external Blu-ray drive

Homepage: http://www.aiseesoft.com/blu-ray-player/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.