Of all David Munrow's recordings, none achieved greater Impact and Influence than his last, "Music of the Gothic Era", which showed how beautiful the more ambitious chant-based compositions of the later Middle Ages could be, worth hearing In detail and at length. "I can think of no better Introduction", wrote Hugh Keyte, an early reviewer, "for anyone coming to medieval music for the first time [...] it is sure to become an essential part of the collection of both the most instinctive of early music lovers and the most specialized of academics". And that is exactly what happened.

Review by Andrew Farach-Colton (Barnes & Noble)
First issued in 1976, Music of the Gothic Era, by David Munrow and the Early Music Consort of London, wasn't the first recording to present works by Léonin, Perotin, Adam de la Halle, and Machaut. But the performances were so exquisite and ardent that it opened up the world of early music for many music lovers, and it marked, in part, the beginning of an explosion of interest in that world.

Munrow's recordings are still prized today, and even though scholarship in early music performance practice has advanced considerably over the past 25 years, few performers had the ability to make this very ancient music come so vividly to life. Sadly, Munrow died when he was only 33 (the same year this set was released), so his recorded legacy is especially important.

The Art of Courtly Love and The Art of the Netherlands should be in any serious collection, but Music of the Gothic Era may be the most beguiling of all his records. The organa of Léonin and Perotin have an otherworldly radiance, and Munrow and his singers bring expressive elegance to the gnarliest of the Ars nova motets. Indeed, every work conveys an exhilarating sense of freshness and discovery. The recording still sounds amazing, too, although, regrettably, we must do without the beautiful artwork that adorned the box and booklet of the original LP edition. An essential set.

Full tracklist: http://www.discogs.com/Early-Music-Consort-Of-London-David-Munrow-Music-Of-The-Gothic-Era-Musik-Der-Gotik-Musique-Du-Moyen-/release/1942953