

:General:
 Complete name: Jack Reacher (2012) 720p BRRip x264 Dual Audio [Hindi - English] JaGatJeetSanDhu SilverRG.mkv
 Format: MKV
 File size: 1.23 GiB
 Duration: 2h 10mn
 Overall Bitrate: 1 356 Kbps
 Language: English + Hindi
 Sub Title: English
 Encoder: JaGatJeetSanDhu
 Source: PublicHD(Thanks)


:IMDB INFO:
 IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0790724/
 IMDB Rating:7.0
 Release Date:21 December 2012
 Genre: Action | Crime | Thriller


:Video:
 Format/Info: AVC
 Bitrate: 1 112 Kbps
 Width: 1 280 pixels
 Height: 544 pixels
 Display aspect ratio: 2.35:1
 Frame rate: 23.976 fps]


:Audio#1:
 Format: AAC
 Channel(s): 2 channels
 Sampling rate: 48.0 KHz


:Audio#2:
 Format: AAC
 Channel(s): 2 channels
 Sampling rate: 44.1 KHz


:Cast:
Tom Cruise ...
Reacher
Rosamund Pike ...
Helen
Richard Jenkins ...
Rodin
David Oyelowo ...
Emerson
Werner Herzog ...
The Zec
Jai Courtney ...
Charlie
Vladimir Sizov ...
Vlad
Joseph Sikora ...
Barr
Michael Raymond-James ...
Linsky
Alexia Fast ...
Sandy
Josh Helman ...
Jeb
Robert Duvall ...
Cash
James Martin Kelly ...
Rob Farrior
Dylan Kussman ...
Gary
Denver Milord ...
Punk


Plot:
grin.gif
In an innocent heartland city, five are shot dead by an expert sniper. The police quickly identify and arrest the culprit, and build a slam-dunk case. But instead of confessing, the accused man writes the words, "Get Jack Reacher." Reacher himself sees the news report and turns up in the city. The defense is immensely relieved, but Reacher has come to bury the guy. Shocked at the accused's request, Reacher sets out to confirm for himself the absolute certainty of the man's guilt, but comes up with more than he bargained for.


we are onPost Your Request, suggestion, and find upcomming Release of Silver RG, you will find all Silver RG Encoders at FB Page Or JaGatJeetSanDhu so keep in touch

Click on image for full size view.


:Greetz:
To All Silver RG Encoders,AliBaloch, AllEncoders, stpicz.com & All Other P2P RGs

:Note:
Make sure its real Silver RG Release From Silver RG Member,A video sample is included in the folder for those who want to check quality and compatibility before downloading the whole movie.

We Are Looking For Early Access To Anything You Can Provide CAMS, TS, DVD Screeners, VHS Screeners, DVDRips, Direct Audio, Early Music Release, Anything You Can Provide Seedboxes, Accounts, Dedicated Servers - Contact Us @

:Support:
Took 5 Hours to Encode & 24 Hours to Upload & Seed
Took 30 Minutes to Create Description/Screen Shots etc...
Takes 10 Seconds to say "Thank You", or 4 seconds to say "Whoooo"