The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.

The series is set in the fictional South-Midlands town of Denton, and is marked by a gritty tone. It is believed that Denton is in Oxfordshire, with many references to Reading, Oxford, and in particular, Swindon, especially in the earlier episodes, as the M4 and A417 are often seen, and the map of Swindon was seen in the control room, although a map of Reading was used occasionally. The programme is produced by ITV in Leeds, and most of the outdoor locations are shot in West Yorkshire. Several scenes are filmed in and around the city and district of Wakefield and neighbouring small towns of Pontefract and Castleford, West Yorkshire.[3] The role of Frost was notable in changing the public perception of David Jason from a predominantly comic actor to a dramatic actor.

Season 9

S9, Ep1 - Jan. 27, 2002 - Mistaken Identity: Part 1
DI Frost welcomes a new member of the CID team, PC Ronnie Lonnegan. They soon are investigating a mysterious death when a body is found in the local water reservoir. There is no identification on the body and there doesn't seem to be a car parked nearby so they're not sure how he got there. The post-mortem indicates however that he didn't drown in the place where his body was found. They also investigate the death of Paul and Jean Harris who are killed when an an assailant ties them up and sets their house on fire. The main suspect is Mike Patterson, a handyman who ...
 
S9, Ep2 - Jan. 28, 2002 - Mistaken Identity: Part 2
The police now have Mike Patterson in custody but he vehemently denies having anything to do with the death of the Harrises. DS Toolan thinks that Patterson is their man but Frost isn't so sure and believes the solution lies elsewhere. The dead man in the reservoir is identified as Reginald Molloy, a one-time resident of Denton. His mother returns to Denton to identify the body and hasn't a clue as to how or why her son would be there. They had moved away some 13 years ago after she witnessed a bank robbery and was required to give evidence in court. When Frost learns...

This torrent includes the .xml and .jpg files for the WDTV Live SMP media library feature.