Shafquat Towheed and W.R. Owens, eds. - The History of Reading, Vol. 1: International Perspectives, c. 1500-1990 (Palgrave Macmillan, 2011).

ISBN: 9780230247512 | 248 pages | PDF

How do we accurately recover the diverse engagement of readers with texts across time and in widely differing societies across the world? This volume brings together a representative sample of original, evidence-based research in the History of Reading. Chapters cover individual readers, reading communities or groups and their engagement with texts in societies ranging from nineteenth-century Poland and Germany, apartheid era South Africa, Antebellum America, colonial Canada, India and New Zealand, and early modern England. Deliberately juxtaposing research on different countries, linguistic communities and historical periods, this volume demonstrates the challenges and rewards of undertaking empirical research on reading practices and asks whether readers' responses to texts are always entirely conditioned by their historical, socio-economic, or political circumstances. A wide-ranging critical introduction provides a succinct overview of evidence based approaches to the history of reading, and reminds us that the task of recovering the evidence of readers through history and across the world is still in its infancy.


Katie Halsey and W.R. Owens, eds. - The History of Reading, Vol. 2: Evidence from the British Isles, c. 1750-1950 (Palgrave Macmillan, 2011).

ISBN: 9780230247550 | 240 pages | PDF

How can we find evidence of reading in the past? And how can we interpret this evidence to create a "history" of reading? To answer these questions, this volume presents eleven fascinating accounts of readers and reading in the British Isles over two hundred years. The authors reveal the huge variety of evidence that exists, not only of what people read, but how, and in what circumstances they read. Covering a wide range of readers and texts, the essays demonstrate how individual reading practices are influenced by -- even sometimes defined by -- factors such as social class, political affiliation, the place of reading, the availability of books, and changes in publishing practices. With chapters highlighting the importance of reading communities, the uses to which reading may be put, and the importance of newspapers, the volume provides a richly textured account of reading practices in Britain.


Rosalind Crone and Shafquat Towheed, eds. - The History of Reading, Vol. 3: Methods, Strategies, Tactics (Palgrave Macmillan, 2011).

ISBN: 9780230247567 | 256 pages | PDF

How do we know who reads what? How do we accurately record the everyday practices of readers, both in the past and today? This volume brings together a representative sample of some of the best new research in the history of reading currently being undertaken today. Unlike other works on the subject, this volume encourages readers to consider the diverse methodologies used by historians of reading across the world, and indicates how future research might take up the challenge of recording and interpreting the practices of readers in an increasingly digitized world. With chapters examining a range of sources from Filipino blogs to Internet browsers, and from interviews with members of reading groups to a study of the photographic representation of books and reading, The History of Reading, Vol. 3 provides a wide-ranging and thought provoking examination of this burgeoning field. A wide-ranging critical introduction encourages readers to consider how the history of reading might develop in the digital twenty-first century.
