Title: Dining with the Doctor: The Unauthorized Whovian Cookbook

Author: Chris-Rachel Oseland

Format: .mobi (Kindle)

-----------------------

Amazon Summary:

Hello, sweetie.

Your taste buds are about to take a wibbly wobbly, timey wimey adventure through the Doctor Who reboot. Megafan and food writer Chris-Rachael Oseland spent a year rewatching all of series one through six and experimenting in her kitchen to bring you a fresh recipe for every single episode.

This book is a treat for any Whovian who wants to offer more than a plate of fish fingers and a bowl of custard at your next viewing party. Want to host an elegant dinner party to show off your new Tardis corset? Start the evening with a Two Streams Garden Cocktail followed by Baked Hath, Marble Cucumber Circuits with Vesuvian Fire Dipping Sauce, Professor Yana’s Gluten Neutrino Map Binder, Slitheen Eggs, and some of Kazran’s Night Sky Fog Cups for dessert.

If you’re just getting a few friends together to watch the latest episode, why not offer them an Ood Mezze Plate to munch on as stragglers wander in followed by some quick and easy Fish Custard Tacos, Open Faced Dalek Ironsides, Sontaran Soldiers, and a Cinnamon Pull Apart Crack in the Wall. They can wash it all down with a cup of the Pond’s Wedding Punch.

Lets be honest. No Whovian gathering is complete without them, so you also get an entire bonus chapter dedicated to interesting alternative takes on fish fingers and custard.

This comprehensive cookbook includes eighteen adult beverages, more than two dozen recipes for vegetarians, twenty that are safe for people with wheat allergies, and ten for the low carb dieters. You’ll be prepared for every possible guest.

The ebook also includes over 50 full color photos, a linked table of contents for easy navigation, and a useful appendix.

Put on your fez and straighten your bow tie. You own a cookbook now. Cookbooks are cool.

Geronimo!

___

Brought to you by the author of such geektastic wonders as:

Counting With Tesla
SteamDrunks: 101 Steampunk Cocktails and Mixed Drinks

-----------------------

If you need this ebook in another format, download the Calibre ebook manager here: http://calibre-ebook.com/