ROM Toolbox is THE MUST HAVE APP for every root user.
ROM Toolbox combines all the great root apps into one monster app with a beautiful and easy to use interface. ROM Toolbox has every tool you need to make your Android device fast and customized to your liking. Save 85% by getting ROM Toolbox instead of spending $30 or more on other apps.
ROM Toolbox has been featured on LifeHacker, XDA-Developers, Droid-Life, Android Central, RootzWiki, Android Police, DroidForums and other popular sites. ROM Toolbox has one of the highest ratings in the top 100 paid apps. Over 13,000 people gave it a full 5 star review! ★★★★★
This app requires root permission. For fast and friendly support please email us at jrummy.apps@gmail.com. We will be glad to help answer your questions or concerns.
ROM Toolbox combines apps like Titanium Backup, ROM Manager, Root Explorer, SetCPU, Ad Blocker, MetaMorph, Autorun Manager, Terminal Emulator, Script Manager, SD Booster, BuildProp Editor, Font Installer, Boot Animation Installer & many more apps into an all-in-one app! Here is a list of some of the features you will find:
★ ROM Management ★
☆ Install ROMs & themes from a growing list of ROMs. AOKP, CyanogenMod and other popular ROMs included.
☆ Create, manage & restore nandroid backups
☆ Wipe data, cache, dalvik-cache, battery stats
☆ Install multiple ROMs & ZIPs from your SD card
★App Manager ★
☆ Batch backup & restore apps and their data
☆ Schedule backups to run at a certain time
☆ Restore apps from nandroid backups
☆ Backup/Restore text messages, bookmarks, accounts, etc.
☆ Backup your apps to dropbox
☆ Freeze/Defrost system & user apps 
☆ Backup/restore Android Market link 
☆ Task manager
☆ Automated batch uninstaller
☆ E-mail your apps to friends
☆ Move any user app to the SD card 
☆ Clean up dalvik-cache 
☆ Zipalign, fix permissions, wipe data & cache, force close any app
★Root Explorer ★
☆ Access the whole of android's file system (including the elusive data folder!).
☆ Batch copy/paste, zip, tar, delete, move any file or folder
☆ Change file permissions and ownership
☆ View, edit & share files
☆ File manager with two panels for easier management
★ Scripter & Terminal Emulator ★
☆ Create and run scripts as root
☆ Set your scripts to run at-boot
★ Auto Start Manager ★
☆ Enable/disable apps that run on start-up
☆ Enable/disable any broadcast receiver, activity or service
★ Rebooter ★
☆ Reboot recovery, powerdown, bootloader, restart status bar, etc.
★ Font Installer ★
☆ Install custom fonts from a huge list or from your sdcard
☆ Set fonts as favorites & send them to friends
★ Boot Animation Installer ★
☆ Install custom boot animations from a huge collection or from your sdcard
☆ Preview boot animations
☆ Create a boot animation from a GIF file
☆ Have a new random boot animation each time you boot-up!
★ Theme Manager & Statusbar Icon Changer ★
☆ Create and install full themes (MetaMorph compatible)
☆ Customize your status bar by installing custom icons for wifi, signal, gps, etc.
☆ Change your battery icons in the status bar to a custom one from a list of 200+
★ Boot Logo Changer ★
☆ Change your boot logo for supported phones
★ Theme Chooser Themes ★
☆ View a list of themes for the TMobile Theme Chooser
★Set CPU★
☆ SetCPU & scaling governor
☆ CPU Profiles
☆ Kernel tweaks to speed up performance
★ Build.prop Editor ★
☆ Easily edit your build.prop
☆ Change lcd density, improve battery life, increase performance
★ Auto Memory Manager ★
☆ Set minfree values & select from presets. Apply values at boot
★ SD Booster ★
☆ Increase the speed of your SD card
Permissions
Contacts - Backup call log and sms
SMS - Backup call log and sms
Accounts - Backup and restore from Google Drive