About the Game:

Counter-Strike: Source is a remake of Counter-Strike, and retains its team-based objective-oriented first-person shooter style gameplay. 
The aim of playing a map is to accomplish a map's objective: defusing the bomb, rescuing all hostages, or killing the entire opposing team. 
The ultimate goal of the game is to win more rounds than the opposing team. 
Once players are killed, they do not respawn until the next round on most servers. 
Shooting while moving dramatically decreases accuracy, and holding the trigger down to continuously shoot produces severe recoil. 
Shot damage depends upon where the bullet hits, with hits to the head often being lethal.
This gameplay feature distinguishes Counter-Strike from other first-person shooter games, where players respawn instantly or after a short delay.....

PC System Requirements

Minimum:
1.7 GHz Processor, 
512MB RAM, 
DirectX 8.1 level Graphics Card (Requires support for SSE), 
Windows 8 / 7 / Vista / XP



NOTES :
This version of Counter Strike Source is v1718178 (2013) already cracked ,just install and play.
How to change player name - Open game and type "setname YourName"
With this version you can play only ON CRACKED SERVERS ,if game reply to you "Steam Validation Rejected" ,
that server is not cracked yet to accept No Steam Clients - play on other servers.

DO NOT TRY TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH STEAM APPLICATION OPENED ,CLOSE OR LOGOUT FROM STEAM THEN RUN THIS GAME !!!!

If you got an error like "This game needs to run steam" right clik on your desktop shortcut and select "Run as administrator"


	
How to install:
After download is done:
- open setup.exe
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

  
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/



If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .	