Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:
	 Taylor Lautner	 ...	
Jacob Black
	 Gil Birmingham	 ...	
Billy
	 Billy Burke	 ...	
Charlie Swan
	 Sarah Clarke	 ...	
Renée
	 Ty Olsson	 ...	
Phil Dwyer
	 Kristen Stewart	 ...	
Bella Swan
	 Ashley Greene	 ...	
Alice Cullen
	 Jackson Rathbone	 ...	
Jasper Hale
	 Peter Facinelli	 ...	
Dr. Carlisle Cullen
	 Elizabeth Reaser	 ...	
Esme Cullen
	 Kellan Lutz	 ...	
Emmett Cullen
	 Nikki Reed	 ...	
Rosalie Hale
	 Robert Pattinson	 ...	
Edward Cullen
	 Christian Sloan	 ...	
Unsavory People
	 James Pizzinato	 ...	
Unsavory People
Full cast and crew »
Edit
Storyline
Bella and Edward are to marry. Jacob becomes upset when he learns that Bella is planning to consummate the marriage on her honeymoon. The wedding over, Bella and Edward spend their honeymoon on the Cullen's idyllic private island. But, to their dismay, they discover that Bella is pregnant. The fetus is growing at an accelerated rate and everyone fears for Bella's safety. Will she go ahead with her pregnancy, whatever the cost? The Quileutes close in as the unborn child poses a threat to the Wolf Pack and the towns people of Forks. Written by Kad

Plot Summary | Plot Synopsis
Plot Keywords: Honeymoon | Pregnancy | Wedding | Marriage | Pregnant | See more »
Taglines: Forever is only the beginning
Genres: Adventure | Drama | Fantasy | Romance
Parents Guide: View content advisory »
Edit
Details
Official Sites: Official site | Official site [jp]
Country: USA
Language: English  | Portuguese
Release Date: 18 November 2011 (USA) See more »
Also Known As: A Saga Crepúsculo: Amanhecer - Parte 1 See more »
Filming Locations: Angra dos Reis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil See more »
Box Office
Budget: $110,000,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend: $41,683,574 (USA) (18 November 2011)
Gross: $281,275,991 (USA) (17 February 2012)
See more »
Company Credits
Production Co: Summit Entertainment, Sunswept Entertainment, TSBD Canada Productions See more »
Show detailed company contact information on IMDbPro »
Technical Specs
Runtime: 117 min  | 125 min (extended edition)
Sound Mix: Dolby Digital  | DTS
Color: Color
Aspect Ratio: 2.35 : 1
See full technical specs »
Edit
Did You Know?
Trivia
Edward Cullen is watching The Bride of Frankenstein in the cinema during the flashback. Bill Condon previously directed Gods and Monsters, in which the main character was James Whale, the director of Bride of Frankenstein. See more »
Goofs
Edward and Bella are wearing wedding bands after the ceremony, and in the taxi in Rio. However, when they get out of the taxi and walk through the street party they are no longer wearing their rings. See more »
Quotes
[first lines] 
Bella Swan: Childhood is not from birth to a certain age. And at a certain age, the child is grown and puts away childish things. Childhood is the kingdom where nobody dies. 
See more »
Crazy Credits
Shortly after the credits roll there is an additional scene. See more »
Connections
Referenced in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #20.40 (2011) 
Jay mentions that Bella and Edward get married in the film See more »
Soundtracks
"Love Will Take You"
Written by Angus Stone and Julia Stone Performed by Angus & Julia Stone Courtesy of Netwerk Productions