
Absolute OpenBSD: UNIX for the Practical Paranoid, 2nd Edition 

Book Details:

Pages: 536 
Publisher: No Starch Press; 2nd Edition (April 2013)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1593274769
ISBN-13: 978-1593274764
Format: PDF, EPUB

Book Description:

The definitive book on OpenBSD gets a long-overdue refresh.

OpenBSD, the elegant, highly secure Unix-like operating system, is widely used as the basis for critical DNS servers, routers, firewalls, and more. This long-awaited second edition of Absolute OpenBSD maintains author Michael Lucass trademark straightforward and practical approach that readers have enjoyed for years. You will learn the intricacies of the platform, the technical details behind certain design decisions, and best practices, with bits of humor sprinkled throughout. This edition has been completely updated for OpenBSD 5.3, including new coverage of OpenBSDs boot system, security features like W^X and ProPolice, and advanced networking techniques.

You will learn how to:

Manage network traffic with VLANs, trunks, IPv6, and the PF packet filter
Make software management quick and effective using the ports and packages system
Give users only the access they need with groups, sudo, and chroots
Configure OpenBSDΓÇÖs secure implementations of SNMP, DHCP, NTP, hardware sensors, and more
Customize the installation and upgrade processes for your network and hardware, or build a custom OpenBSD release

Whether you are a new user looking for a complete introduction to OpenBSD or an experienced sysadmin looking for a refresher, Absolute OpenBSD, 2nd Edition will give you everything you need to master the intricacies of the worlds most secure operating system.

Table of Contents:

Chapter 1. Getting Additional Help
Chapter 2. Installation Preparations
Chapter 3. Installation Walk-Through
Chapter 4. Post-Install Setup
Chapter 5. The Boot Process
Chapter 6. User Management
Chapter 7. Root, and How to Avoid It
Chapter 8. Disks and Filesystems (PDF)
Chapter 9. More Filesystems
Chapter 10. Securing Your System
Chapter 11. Overview of TCP/IP
Chapter 12. Connecting to the Network
Chapter 13. Software Management
Chapter 14. Everything /etc
Chapter 15. System Maintenance
Chapter 16. Network Servers
Chapter 17. Desktop OpenBSD
Chapter 18. Kernel Configuration
Chapter 19. Building Custom Kernels
Chapter 20. Upgrading
Chapter 21. Packet Filtering
Chapter 22. Advanced PF
Chapter 23. Customizing OpenBSD
