Category: Music
Updated: Feb 01, 2013
Version: 1.1.6
Size: 48.7 MB
Seller: Fingerlab SARL

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation) and iPad. Requires iOS 5.1 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.

 Description

DM1 is an advanced vintage Drum Machine. It turns your iPhone into a fun and creative beat making machine.
Easy and fast to use, loaded with 64 superb electronic drum kits and beautiful hyper-realistic graphics, DM1 has been designed for a lot of instant fun.

As electronic musicians ourselves, we, at Fingerlab, have developed DM1 with the intention of delivering the perfect mix between fun playability and powerful sonic capacities. We always keep in mind the importance of a beautiful design with the right balance of powerful abilities while avoiding clumsy, overbusy interfaces.
Check our 64 electronic drum kits. 19 classic vintage drum kits plus 45 in-house produced electronic kits, edited and mastered at Fingerlab professional studio.

DM1 offers 5 main sections:
1 - THE STEP SEQUENCER frees your imagination with a smart use of the multi-touch screen. Just turn on and off steps in your sequence with the tip of your fingers to create cool beats, or unexpected rhythms!
2 - THE DRUM PADS simply lets you play and record the beat that tickles your fingers. No need to be a first-class drummer, automatic quantize does the work for you.
3 - THE MIXER for quick and subtle sound mixing of your drum kits. Featuring settings for volume, pitch, sample length, custom drum kit element for each channel, mute and solo mode.
4 - THE FX TRACKPADS a creative FX trackpad to distort, modulate and transform your beats. The effects include: Overdrive, Delay, Phaser, Formant, Dalek, Filter and Compressor.
5 - THE SONG COMPOSER allows you to quickly make a song with the beat patterns you have created. Just drag and drop the patterns onto the timeline. Fast and easy.

DM1 for iPhone works on iPhone 4, iPhone 4S and iPhone 5.

Specifications:
✔ Graphic design by Jonas Eriksson
✔ Smart ergonomy for fast creativity and fun
✔ 64 vintage and produced drum kits, mastered at in-house Fingerlab Sound Studios
✔ Step Sequencer with multi-touch matrix
✔ Mixer page with pitch, length and level rotary controls, pan controls, and custom drum kit per channel
✔ 9 Drum pads, quantized recording
✔ FX Trackpad for real-time sonic destruction
✔ 16 or 32 Steps per patterns
✔ The Randomizer tool
✔ Extra fast drum kit loading
✔ Playable pattern selection for extra creativity
✔ Mode song with intuitive editing
✔ High-quality export toSoundCloud, Email, iTunes shared folder or AudioCopy
✔ Audio background mode
✔ WIST synchronisation technology by Korg for syncing 2 iPhones/iPad together
✔ Audiobus support

NOTICE : CAREFUL, DOES NOT WORK WITH JAILBROKEN IPHONES

Watch DM1 video trailer on YouTube Fingerlab's channel:

Feel free to let us know what you think and what you'd like to see in the next DM1 update.

Enjoy! 


What's New in Version 1.1.6

-AudioBus minor bug fix
