Moxy - Moxy [1976]





01. Fantasy  
02. Sail On Sail Away  
03. Cant You See Im A Star  
04. Moon Rider  
05. Time To Move On  
06. Still I Wonder  
07. Train  
08. Out Of The Darkness 





320 KBPS

Cover Art







From Wikipedia:


 
Moxy was a Canadian hard rock and heavy metal band, formed in Toronto, Ontario, in 1974, from previous members of the rock group Leigh Ashford ΓÇö which included singer Douglas "Buzz" Shearman (former teen singer of Sherman & Peabody) alongside Greg Godovitz of Fludd & Goddo and Gil Moore (later of Triumph), Earl Johnson (former member of King Biscuit Boy), Bill Wade (former member of Outlaw Music and Brutus under the alias Hally Hunter that also included Gino Scarpelli of Goddo) and Terry Juric, (former member of Outlaw Music) as Leigh Ashford.[2] The group changed its name to Moxy in late 1974. This name change was accompanied by a change in the group's sound. Buddy Caine a former band mate of Earl Johnson was added to the group in 1975.

Moxy toured extensively in Canada before having a hit in late 1975 with "Can't You See I'm A Star". Moxy then toured the United States on the strength of their radio airplay. Markets in which the band was very popular included Ontario, Chicago, St. Louis, Detroit and San Antonio. Joe Anthony, the Godfather of Rock in San Antonio on KISS-FM was largely responsible for the popularity of the band in south Texas and helped bring about their first headline appearance in the U.S in 1977, appearing with AC/DC as their opening act.[unreliable source?]

Despite the death of Joe Anthony, the Moxy/Texas connection has continued into the present with Moxy's hits like "Can't You See I'm A Star", "Moon Rider", "Sail On Sail Away". "Midnight Flight", "I'll Set You on Fire" and "Are You Ready" still on the daily rotation at many Texas radio stations.

Many of the guitar solos on the band's debut album were performed by guest session musician Tommy Bolin, who had previously been the lead guitarist for The James Gang and later replaced Ritchie Blackmore in Deep Purple.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The independently produced self-titled album, MOXY, also known as the Black Album,photo was recorded over two weeks in early 1975. Mark Smith of BachmanΓÇôTurner Overdrive fame acted as co-producer for the album. While in Van Nuys, California at Sound City Studio recording this album, session guitarist Tommy Bolin was in the studio next door. Bolin was so impressed with the no-nonsense, to-the-bones sound of Moxy that when asked by the band's manager Roland Paquin to fill in, he said yes. Earl Johnson was actually supposed to have done all the guitar parts, but got into a disagreement with the producer and was consequently tossed out of the studio.[8] Roland Paquin knew Bolin from when he was a road manager for The James Gang. After the Moxy sessions, Bolin continued to work on his first solo album Teaser, and later that year got the call from David Coverdale to join Deep Purple. Having heard the impact of the twin guitars, Moxy then headed back to Toronto in search of a rhythm guitarist who would free up Earl Johnson to play the material on tour that had been added to the songs in the studio by Tommy Bolin. Buddy Caine, a friend of Earl Johnson's, became the needed second guitarist, allowing the group to then hit the road with a Canadian tour that included Ontario, Quebec and the Maritimes, where the group mostly played small venues

The first album found its way to hard rock stations in the southern USA. The winter of 1975 "Can' t You See I'm A Star" and "Moon Rider" were receiving heavy radio support from KMAC/KISS in San Antonio, Texas. Tommy Bolin's contribution would get some much needed attention for the album in the U.S media, even though Bolin always downplayed his involvement. Moxy renegotiated a new contract with Polydor of Canada for distribution in affiliation with Mercury Records. Both labels were owned by PolyGram Records at the time, who reissued the self-titled debut album in North America and worldwide in 1976. The spring of 1976 "Fantasy" and "Sail On Sail Away" hit the top 20 charts on KISS-FM radio in San Antonio, Texas. KISS-FM disc jockey Joe Anthony had the freedom to play the album in its entirety on many occasions through the late 1970s.

ΓÇ£ We did an interview with a DJ in Texas, I asked him what songs of ours they were playing. He said, 'First we play the first side, then we play the second side.' I just about fell off my chair." Earl Johnson.
