The Training of Claire Robbins, Day Three

May 3, 2013 - Performers: Owen Gray  and  Claire Robbins 


WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.
  

I the Task 

I put her into a dark hole in the basement used to store miscellaneous bondage gear. It is a dirty and unkempt pit of cast off kinky toys and equipment that smells like piss and is in desperate need of a woman's touch. I make it her chore to clean this dump, and then distract her with the lonely whips, paddles, crops and other oddball gear left to rot in that hole, chuckling all the while at the futility of her endless task. 

II the Ass Hook and the Turnbuckle 

I like it when their back arches. To achieve this aesthetic, I turn to hardware: iron rails, a turnbuckle and an ass hook. As the turnbuckle cranks her back into a nice bend, good things happen to her tits. I am quick to take advantage of those firm little mouthfuls with a riding crop. A vibrator on low is jammed against her sopping cunt, keeping her on simmer till I decide to send her off into a screaming orgasm, and reinforcing the value of a nice posture. 

III Sucking off the Gimp 

I make her fight against a stiff collar and heavy chain leash to get to that hard gimp cock. And she really wants to get that throbbing meat into her tight wet throat, because every second that her mouth is empty is another lash with the whip. Enthusiasm is the lesson here, Robbins. 

IV Objectify that Ass 

Ass up, face down is a real crowd pleaser, and it is my intention to embed this fact into our little porno slut's memory banks. A tight little hole cut in a low table fits her head neatly out of the way so that I can properly objectify her fine creamy ass. It is a pleasure to watch her gaping asshole reamed with massive, anonymous dick while reviewing the days lesson's and assigning her homework for the night. Study hard Claire, you have one day to go and you wouldn't want to fuck up now. 

This update includes: anal slave training, gimp cock sucking. fucking the gimp, discipline, submissive lessons, erotic servitude

Screens 
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=28939

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

