My first torrent so please be gentle :-)


Secret spy video recorder. No camera shutter sound. No preview. One touch recording. HD video. Turn screen off and continue recording. Make and receive phone calls during recording. Rated 5-stars by CNET.
Secret Video Recorder is the ONLY hidden camera app in the market that does background recording so you can use your phone as normal and NO ONE can tell you are recording video. 

Features:
1. One touch operation for recording start and stop
2. Full HD video (1920x1080) recording
3. Disable Notification icon so there is no screen indication that video is recording
4. Auto split video files so you can record up to all available space on SD card
5. Choose internal or external SD card for storing videos
6. Supports front and back camera
7. Very few permissions needed so privacy is assured
8. Advanced shutter mute options

Additional Features:
1. On supported devices, start recording by long press of the search button
2. Talk on the phone while video recording continues in background
3. Turn screen off and continue recording (on supported devices only). Saves battery and allows long recordings

Uses:
1. Professional hidden camera
2. CCTV and security video recording
3. Surveillance camera
4. HD video recorder for Android
5. Background video recorder
6. Secret spy camera
7. Mobile hidden camera for Android

Known bugs:
1. Audio cannot be disabled on some phone (as it is required by local laws). You will need to root your phone to silence your phone
2. Some phones are not supported so send us an email with your model number and we will fix it

Secret Video Recorder is a simple spy camera for professional video recording and is the best app available in the Android market for spy video recording.

Email us on feedback@zeronoiseapps.com with feedback and feature requests. We are committed to top notch customer experience and will respond quickly to feedback and feature requests. If you like our app, please take a minute to rate it on Google Play market.

Secret Video Recorder Pro is developed and distributed by Zero Noise Apps. All rights reserved. This app is licensed, not sold. By downloading the app, you accept our EULA available on our website at http://zeronoiseapps.com. App is licensed for individual, private use only. For use by companies, please contact us for corporate license information
