

                        PART  490

                          
             LA BIONDA   -  Baby Make Love  (1978)  
             LA BIONDA   -  One For You One For Me  (1978)
             ANITA WARD  -  Ring My Bell  (1979)
             LIPPS INC.  -  Funkytown  (1980)
             OTTAWAN  -  D.I.S.C.O. (1980)
             ANEKA  -  Japanese Boy (1981)  



    La Bionda is an Italian musical duo, formed by the brothers Carmelo and Michelangelo La Bionda."Disco Bass", and "Burning Love" were their first international successes. This culminated in the production of "Cafè" (1977), and "1, 2, 3, 4... Gimme Some More".In 1978, they released the album "La Bionda" with the ballad "Sandstorm", "There for Me"  and the worldwide hit "One For You, One For Me". This latter track reached number 54 in the UK Singles Chart in October 1978.
 
   "Ring My Bell" is a 1979 disco song by Anita Ward. It was originally written for Stacy Lattisaw, but when she signed with a different label, Ward was asked to sing it instead, and it became her only major hit. The song hit number one on the disco charts. "Ring My Bell" went to number one on both the Billboard Hot 100, and soul singles chart. It also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart. 
"Ring My Bell" has been covered by many artists since its original release, including Blondie, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, Ann Lee, Tori Amos, Blood Sisters, Dynamic Duo, D'Flow Production Squad, Collette, Saïan Supa Crew, INOJ, Pato Fu, Joey Boy, Sxip Shirey, and Princess X (a modern interpolation under the title "Gimme All (Ring My Bell)"). It has also been remixed many times and is considered a disco-era classic.

    "Funkytown" is a 1980 disco hit song written by Steven Greenberg and performed by the band Lipps Inc. The song expresses the singer's pining for a metaphorical place that will "keep me movin', keeps me groovin' with some energy". It is said that the song was written while the band lived in Minneapolis, MN and with dreams of moving to New York City, NY. It reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Dance charts in 1980, also reaching number 1 in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Norway, Australia and The Netherlands. It reached No. 2 in the UK, Sweden and on the U.S. R&B chart. "Funkytown" is often considered to be one of disco's last stands. It was Lipps Inc's only U.S. Top 40 hit.
   

   Ottawan is a French Eurodisco duo, led by Jean Patrick.  In the United Kingdom they had two Top 10 UK Singles Chart hits. "D.I.S.C.O.", the act's debut single, reached number two in September 1980; and "Hands Up (Give Me Your Heart)" peaked at number three nearly a year later. "Hands Up (Give Me Your Heart)" reached #1 in the New Zealand record chart during 1982, staying there for eight weeks."D.I.S.C.O." is a song  written by Daniel Vangarde and Jean Kluger. It was originally recorded by Ottawan in French. The song's name comes from the lyrics in its chorus, in which a woman is claimed to be 'DISCO', with each letter of the word standing for a certain quality, except O which simply leads to singing 'oh, oh, oh' ("She is disco / She is D delirious / She is I incredible / She is S superficial / She is C complicated / She is O oh, oh, oh").    

   "Japanese Boy" is a UK No.1 hit single by Scottish singer Aneka, released in 1981. The song became her biggest hit and provided the singer with a memorable Japanese image, which she found difficult to discard.The song was released on 7" and as an extended 12" version and featured on Aneka's debut - and only - album, released later in 1981. "Japanese Boy" sold almost half a million copies in the UK, making it one of the best-selling singles of 1981, and the second-best seller by a solo female artist (behind Kim Wilde's "Kids in America").