Perfectly Clear 1.50 FiNaL AnDrOiD - SceneDL

Requirements: Android 2.3.3+

Description:

Perfectly Clear now updated to V1.5 for the world’s most popular mobile operating system, Android. Perfectly Clear is the industry leader in Automatic Image Correction, currently correcting over 20 million images each day for our licensees!
Camera phones typically lack the quality and sophistication that dedicated cameras have and often leave you with dull looking photos. Perfectly Clear automatically corrects these images and turns them into stunning memories for years to come. Now there is an intelligent way to automatically correct your photos anywhere, anytime on your Android phone or tablet.
With the new completely redesigned interface little effort is required to create and then share beautiful looking images with this fun-to-use app. Watch as Perfectly Clear automatically peels off your original photo to reveal a vibrant, color corrected photo with crisp details you couldn’t see in your original. Want more than automatic? Perfectly Clear lets you use our 10 patented corrections to further customize your image the with the use of easy, intuitive sliders.
New in V1.5: it’s now twice as fast opening and correcting images; fine tuning with the slider bars is also close to real-time. We’ve added the ability to use very large images - how about correcting a 40mp photo on your mobile device? We’ve added the ability to use the app offline, to copy the app to your SD card as well. Perfectly Clear also retains all your Exif, and lets you correct multiple images at once.

What's in this version: (Updated : Mar 20, 2013)

1. Faster (2x)
2. More efficent processing allows saving of large (full res) images, also on older devices. Sorry to those of you before where we weren't saving full res.
3. We have re-designed the entire GUI.
4. Zoom
5. Removal of in-app purchase. The Beautify preset is now part of the core app.
6. Bug Fix: licensing
7. Exif support
8. New feature – Quick Correct. Tap your hardware menu button and selected images will be automatically corrected and saved without going to our edit screen.

This app has no advertisements

More Info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.worldiety.athentech.perfectlyclear

By:

SceneDL