DVD-Ranger

DVD-Ranger easily overcomes the flaws of our competitorΓÇÖs classic burning applications, and represents a revolutionary solution supported by our own design innovations: The HotFix Manager utility and the Physxtech Enhancement, both based on our super-speed, high performance copying algorithm.

With more than 8 years experience in delivering highly secure and readily available revolutionary recording and copying applications, no one knows more about DVD copy than Pixbyte Development. DVD-Ranger is comprehensive, advanced copying software for video DVD backups on any device. DVD-Ranger was created in order to maximize the DVD copying experience, while adhering to strict international copyright laws

DVD-Ranger easily overcomes the flaws of our competitorΓÇÖs classic burning applications, and represents a revolutionary solution supported by our own design innovations: The HotFix Manager utility and the Physxtech Enhancement, both based on our super-speed, high performance copying algorithm.

Main Functions

+ Backup DVD 1:1 on DVD9 or shrink the entire DVD to DVD 5.
+ Mobilize your DVD to, iPod, PSP, Zune and Netbooks.
+ Create ISO, burn ISO and backup from ISO.
+ Ability to backup just the main movie.

Key Features

+ One-Of-A-Kind - HotFix Manager. Fix the newest DVDs releases in just few seconds.
+ One-Of-A-Kind - BluRay Maker. Backup your DVD movies to BluRay. Up to 10 movies fit on a BluRay disk.
+ Best-Quality - DVD-Ranger delivers a unique quality experience.

Revolutionary creativity
DVD-Ranger comes with unique features that provide essential advantages to any users who want to obtain exceptional DVD copies. Based on the latest technology and a large knowledge base built over the years, Pixbyte Development has created a complete and highly functional copying software.

Exceptional time-value deliverables
With the latest version of the DVD-Ranger, there is no comparison between the time invested in making a DVD copy with DVD- Ranger and the impeccable quality you obtain. No other DVD copying application can burn DVDs faster while maintaining the level of quality and image clarity.

Featuring HotFix Manager and the Physxtech enhancements
DVD copying applications will never look the same after you try the new DVD-Ranger. Packed up with two powerful features, the DVD-Ranger outshines any competition. The HotFix Manager is a unique utility that allows you to create HotFix databases that are used by the DVD-Ranger for copying even the newest DVD releases, without requiring any updates. In addition, the Physxtech enhancements beats all image quality scores, using a complicated algorithm during the recompression process.

Quality end-user experience
Not only that the DVD-Ranger is a true asset for anyone interested in backing up their favorite video DVDs of all time or in creating detailed video DVD archives, but it also provides a quality end-user experience. Our copying software is easy-to-use, price convenient and reliable. DVD-Ranger will deliver you a unique experience when it comes to successful DVD copies, DVD to BluRay backups and many more. Easy to use it, it enables you to create top quality DVD copies in just a few steps!

Supported OS:

Windows 8/7/vista (32-64),xp

Homepage: http://www.dvd2hd.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run application and Register with any key and email.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.