Guy P. Harrison

50 popular beliefs that people think are true
 
http://imageshack.us/a/img593/9962/3182img.jpg

Details

Author: Guy P. Harrison
Title: 50 Popular Beliefs That People Think Are True
Publication Date: December 20, 2011
Paperback: 458 pages
Publisher: Prometheus Books 
Language: English
Price: $18.00
File Format: Epub

Description

Maybe you know someone who swears by the reliability of psychics or who is in regular contact with angels. Or perhaps you're trying to find a nice way of dissuading someone from wasting money on a homeopathy cure. Or you met someone at a party who insisted the Holocaust never happened or that no one ever walked on the moon.
How do you find a gently persuasive way of steering people away from unfounded beliefs, bogus cures, conspiracy theories, and the like? Longtime skeptic Guy P. Harrison shows you how in this down-to-earth, entertaining exploration of commonly held extraordinary claims.

A veteran journalist, Harrison has not only surveyed a vast body of literature, but has also interviewed leading scientists, explored "the most haunted house in America," frolicked in the inviting waters of the Bermuda Triangle, and even talked to a "contrite Roswell alien."

Harrison is not out simply to debunk unfounded beliefs. Wherever possible, he presents alternative scientific explanations, which in most cases are even more fascinating than the wildest speculation. For example, stories about UFOs and alien abductions lack good evidence, but science gives us plenty of reasons to keep exploring outer space for evidence that life exists elsewhere in the vast universe. The proof for Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster may be nonexistent, but scientists are regularly discovering new species, some of which are truly stranger than fiction.

Stressing the excitement of scientific discovery and the legitimate mysteries and wonder inherent in reality, Harrison invites readers to share the joys of rational thinking and the skeptical approach to evaluating our extraordinary world.

About the Author

Guy P. Harrison is a graduate of the University of South Florida with a degree in history and anthropology.
He currently lives in the Cayman Islands where he is a columnist and travel writer for a national newspaper. He has won several international awards for his writing and photography.