 http://www.makululinux.com

Makululinux 2.5 incorporates multiple desktop environments into a single operating system running on 3.8.x Kernel, provides a Sleek, Smooth and Stable user experience that is able to run on virtually any computer from old to new, from netbooks to notebooks, desktops to server stations. 

Offering a Variety of Desktop Environments ( Cinnamon, Gnome, KDE, Mate, Xfce ) allows a user to easily switch between desktops, allowing the user to have 5 desktop Environments at his finger tips, Tired of one desktop, simply switch to another... Makulu sports a unique Ambiance Graphite Theme (Black, Grey, Orange and blue) that is shared between Desktop Environments, giving a standardized look no matter which desktop you log into, its a very unique, beautiful and appealing look. 

Makulu provides software and codec's pre installed on the OS, to provide an out of the box experience for the end user and his day to day tasks. 

Steam is pre installed on Makulu, you can simply log into steam and start playing your favorite game titles.

Wine is pre installed on Makulu, installing windows software has never been easier, simply double click your installer or exe files and they will operate in linux much the same way they do in windows. 

The browser of choice on Makulu is Opera, the fastest and most configurable browser on the planet, It is configured with Adblock to block adverts on any website as well as flash videos, Web Caching to allow a user to not just browse with speed but also conserve bandwidth at the same time, Flareget offers multi-threaded downloads and catches links from inside Opera.

Makululinux utilizes a stable 3.8.x Generic PAE enabled kernel. This means that Makululinux will detect ALL of the system memory and put it to use, there is no need to worry if you have more than 4GB system ram. 

We hope you Enjoy our third release of MakuluLinux and that it lives up to expectations, please feel free to give us feedback so we may only get better with each release. 