
Release: The Nuns Story [Audrey Hepburn] (1959) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Nuns Story
Title in Brazil: Uma Cruz à Beira do Abismo
Uploader: labok
Size: 1,17 GB
Genre: Drama
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 151 mins
Resolução: 608 x 336
Video Codec: XVID 
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: MP3  
Taxa de Biltrate: 128 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 7,5 (awaiting 4.699 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053131/
Directed By: Fred Zinnemann

Starring:  

Audrey Hepburn ... Sister Luke (Gabrielle van der Mal) 
Peter Finch ... Dr. Fortunati
Edith Evans ... Rev. Mother Emmanuel (Belgium) (as Dame Edith Evans) 
Peggy Ashcroft ... Mother Mathilde (Africa) (as Dame Peggy Ashcroft) 
Dean Jagger ... Dr. Van Der Mal 
Mildred Dunnock ... Sister Margharita (Mistress of Postulants) 
Beatrice Straight ... Mother Christophe (Sanatorium) 
Patricia Collinge ... Sister William (convent teacher) 
Rosalie Crutchley ... Sister Eleanor 

Synopis:

In 1930, in Belgium, Gabrielle van der Mal is the stubborn daughter of the prominent surgeon Dr. Pascin Van Der Mal that decides to leave her the upper-class family to enter to a convent, expecting to work as nun in Congo with tropical diseases. She says good-bye to her sisters Louise and Marie; to her brother Pierre; and to her beloved father, and subjects herself to the stringent rules of the retrograde institution, including interior silent and excessive humbleness and humiliation. After a long period working in a mental institution, Gaby is finally assigned to go to Congo, where she works with the Atheist and cynical, but brilliant, Dr. Fortunati. Sister Luke proves to be very efficient nurse and assistant, and Dr. Fortunati miraculous heals her tuberculosis. Years later, she is ordered to return to Belgium and when her motherland is invaded by the Germans, she learns that her beloved father was murdered by the enemy while he was helping wounded members of the resistance. Sister ... 
        
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
A história de Gabrielle Van Der Mal, que abre mão de tudo para tornar-se freira. Ela enfrenta adversidades inacreditáveis no Congo e, posteriormente, na sede de sua congregação, na França, quando estoura a Guerra Mundial.
 
