Hiya all!

I've been really trying to format the poetry in my short collection of stories for the Amazon Kindle, but after so much time of testing and reviewing, I have been unable to get the formatting just right.

But let us not mar this occasion with that sad story. Today I am proud to bring you my latest collection of short stories, titled:


Frustration of Purpose, and Other Gothic Tales for Late Nights and Fireplaces,
By Alexander WTLS.


The collection is exactly what it says, a set of short stories that are rather gothic, nasty, mysterious, sexual and exploratory. I've been sitting on this little collection for a while now- and i've decided to put it up here on TPB to show that there are many legitimate uses of torrenting sites, despite what Copyright monopolies would have you think.

The collection consists of:

* A Great Ambition: The Story of a doll who's only dream is to break free, but at what price?

* Amber: A story about a girl who felt betrayed, and later enacted revenge at the expensive irony of the narrator.

* Treatment: A girl sets out to 'correct' the way those 'player boys' act towards girls. But is she right, and what does he have to say about it?

* Accepting: An experimental piece that combines elements of horror with romance (or sexuality). A story best not taken at face value.

* Frustration of Purpose: A girl contracted to live in a secluded dungeon for a certain number of years. Her job is to ease the suicide of men and women who have lost all hope. Is it time for her to get a new job?

This is the 'BitCoin' edition of my series to celebrate what has been a rather positive recent upturn in both BitCoin value and BitCoin popularity. In recognition of this, should you wish to donate to myself for producing this collection, whirl some BTC over to 

1Fi9sj4bEDjVrFKTxFuwakqg3QHP2Mbt1o

. If you're broke, or you just like to pirate, sweet! No problem. Share and share alike.

A uniquely British Production that flirts with J-Horror and other horror stereotypes.

Attributions:

The front cover has been remixed from the work of Grys DAngel under a CC Attribution license:She has some beautiful and emotional shots of herself, so check her out! The Typeface ΓÇÿblackoutΓÇÖ was used under the Open Font License:
github.com/theleagueof/blackout.

Note that although this book has been uploaded for free, my copyright still subsists, as is noted inside the book itself. Saying that, feel free to distribute. Like hell.