I have compressed this wonderful movie so it can be burnt onto standard DVD and (hopefully) passed around so everyone can see it.
Here goes original yada:


Release date : 11.01.2012 / Duration : 13:42:38 / Clips : 37

TROM is free for watching and distribution !

Think about this: for many years the whole population of the planet has known that we are on a huge sphere, among many other such ''shapes'', in a vast universe. They also know something else: we are part of the same species. So why do we have nationalities, racism, religions and countries; why such artificial barriers?

This shows that people have forgotten one very important thing: how to extract meaning from that data, which is verifiable. It is not enough to know, we need to understand.

TROM (The Reality od Me) is an unique free online documentary, since no one has thought of such a documentary from our knowledge. We want to show, as well as we can, the whole picture, an insight into our world, a perspective from which you must extract meanings in order to understand, and curiosity to progress, because there is a lot of such information we call “scientific”. Moreover, we present alternative and existing solutions to radically improve every one's life.

If you've never questioned your lifestyle and are well adjusted to our current society, you will, more than likely, get a shock, but if you watch the whole documentary you'll understand why.

All chapters and sub-chapters are connected and in order to understand you have to watch the whole documentary, in order.

I hope you understand, because the world around us is far more interesting than any movie, book, story or anything you could conceive.

The documentary is strictly related to it´s main, official, website (tromsite.com) because of it´s excessive length and because of it´s special nature (divided into chapters and sub-chapters so it’s easy to watch and digest it´s subjects). There you can find all the information you need about it, you can contact us, download it, watch it, get involved and much more, all for free. So we strongly recommend that you share this documentary and direct people to the website.

It´s for the benefit of us all.

Thanks.
