February 28, 2013
The Randi Rhodes Show 


Yesterday the Voting Rights Act underwent some very hostile questioning from the Supreme Court’s conservative justices. The conservatives on the Supreme Court don’t seem to think that the Voting Rights Act is doing any good. I think the problem is with what the conservatives on the Supreme Court consider to be “good.” They certainly can’t mean that the Voting Rights Act doesn’t do any good in guaranteeing voting rights for minorities, because it certainly does. They must just not think that’s a very good thing.

During questioning, Justice Antonin Scalia asked if the Voting Rights Act hadn’t become a “perpetuation of racial entitlement.” If you strip away the legal language, Scalia was asking “Do we really want black people voting?” I think Antonin Scalia is in the wrong kind of robe. He should trade in his judicial robes for something in white with a pointy top that covers the head, with eyeholes cut out. The observers in the courtroom gasped when Scalia said that. Please don’t do that, people. It just eggs him on.

Bob Woodward is saying that the White House threatened him over a piece he wrote claiming that President Obama lied about creating the sequester. Bob Woodward has had some big scoops in the past, but this isn’t one of them. This is the kind of “big scoop” that you put into a plastic baggie and throw away at the dog park. Now Woodward says the White House “threatened” him in an email. What the White House aide actually wrote in the email was “I think you will regret staking out that claim.” The White House aide obviously meant the phrase to mean “you will look like a fool.” I base that belief on the fact that Bob Woodward does in fact look like a fool now. Woodward’s story is a pile of crap. How can you be sure? He’s going on Sean Hannity’s show to whine about it.

In the face of sequester budget cuts, immigration officials have released hundreds of detainees from detention centers. Or as Fox News put it—Obama has unleashed his Hispanic Rape Army. Back in the real world, the detainees are being freed on supervised release while their cases continue in court. If this is a threat to anyone, it’s a threat to the prison contractors who make a fortune from locking these people up. The bottom line is that these people should not have been released now—they should have been released years ago.