Thief: The Dark Project
by EIDOS.

Format.....: BIN/CUE
RAR Count......:  50  X 15MB
Date.......: December 2, 1998
Game Rating....: [**********] 10/10
Cracker....: DaJackal
Protection.....: CD Checks

Requirements: Windows 95/98, Pentium 166, 32MB RAM, 4xCD, DX 6

R E L E A S E    I N F O

Thief:  The  Dark  Project  is  a  revolutionary  first person action
adventure  that introduces  stealth, subterfuge, and mystery to a tired
genre of mindless shooting

As  Garrett, a  cynical  and  world-weary master thief, you must make
use of stealth and  intellect to complete your missions. You live in an
ancient city of  a fictional past  where magic and primitive technology
coexist uneasily.  Your victims  are the city's  corrupt and privileged
nobility, whose wealth is at your disposal as long as their guards dont
see you, at least not until it is too late.

Your dark heroics earn you the  attention of a mysterious patron  who
offers you a fortune if  you can  retrieve an  enormous gemstone with a
notorious reputation. But it soon becomes  clear that  more is at stake
than a comfortable retirement. Your efforts trigger a  conflict between
veiled powers  who compete to  pull your strings. You'll need  all your
strength and wits  to discover the  truth and  escape from  the web  of
intrigue and deception spun around you.

Garrett's   adventures   will   take   you   through  moon-lit   city
streets,  guarded  mansions, secure prisons, blazing factories, haunted
cathedrals, abandoned ruins,  grim catacombs, subterranean lost cities,
and even into strange, distant  realms  where the laws of this earth no
longer apply.

FEATURES:
^^^^^^^^^
Success requires more  than  firepower - use stealth and intellect to
outwith your enemies.

Unique  weapons help  you  achieve  your goals: Use your Blackjack to
knockout unsuspecting opponents, a  noise  arrow  to throw them off the
trail, moss bombs to silence your footsteps in stone corridors,  and if
these don't keep you out of sight, it  might be time to resort to  more
drastic measures, like a fire arrow, or your trusty sword.

The  revolutionary  "Dark Engine" TM  provides advanced environmental
simulation  never  before  achieved in a PC game.  Advanced AI includes
creatures  with  "hearing" capabilities,  which react  to sounds in the
environment - so step lightly across the stones  and look  for carpeted
areas to sneak past enemies.

Improvise tactics  in  a fluid, ever-changing  game world,  without the
restrictions   of   conventional  game   engines.  Provides   realistic
simulation   of   fire,   water,  wind    and  their  effects  in   the
game environment: flammable  objects catch fire, buoyant objects float,
heavy objects can be used to block doors.

Advanced   graphics   engine   with   multiple  texture  resolutions,
dynamic lighting.