Info:

CS6 Master Collection, available in ENGLISH. This is the Electronic Software Delivery

Description:

Adobe Creative Suite 6 Master Collection software is the ultimate design environment for realizing your creative vision. Use industry-leading tools with unlimited creative possibilities, precision, and power to capture and develop your ideas. Deliver for print, the web, tablets, smartphones, and the silver screen. Build standards-based websites and mobile applications, design for the latest platforms and devices, and work with pristine-quality video in native formats. Intuitive interfaces and blazing-fast performance allow swift work on your most complex projects. Create amazing interaction, tell stories, and inspire your audiences with complete experiences that go anywhere. And it's all yours, for one great price.

Features:


Discover new dimensions in digital imaging-Get state-of-the-art imaging magic, amazing creative options, and blazingly fast performance with Adobe Photoshop CS6 Extended software.
Vector graphics that work across media-Create compelling graphics with Adobe Illustrator CS6, the industry standard for vector drawing. Experiment freely and design efficiently with powerful tools for drawing, color, creative effects, and
Standards-based web authoring-Design and publish compelling websites and apps for smartphones, tablets, and desktop computers in Adobe Dreamweaver CS6. Quickly build CSS3-based layouts, use industry-standard HTML5, preview on multiple devices, and
Engaging page layout for print-Generate stunning page layouts in Adobe InDesign CS6 with precise control over typography, built-in creative tools, and an intuitive workflow. Print reliably with less risk off
Efficient, fluid video editing-Take advantage of powerful, flexible nonlinear video editing in Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 to tell your most compelling stories. Edit virtually any type of media in native formats, from video shot on a phone to 5K and beyond.

Install Instructions:


1. Extract the Installer and Crack files from the .rar
2. Disconnect internet (Disable your internet adapter to avoid waiting for 5 minutes lol)
3. Run Set-up.exe and choose Install, I have a serial number
4. Use the serial provided and once the error comes up click Verify Later (NOT retry, because its not going to work)

5. Install Programs
6. Run some of apps in trial mode to enable features, then just Exit
7. Copy and replace all the amtlib.dll files (Locations to copy/paste are below)
8. Turn on internet and re-enable adapters if you diabled them
9. Enjoy your fully working CS6 Master Collection!!! :)

------------------------------------------------

amtlib.dll Locations Below:

------------------------------------------------

64 Bit Appications: (Use 64bit amtlib.dll)

Adobe Premiere Pro CS6
Adobe After Effects CS6
Adobe SpeedGrade CS6
Adobe Encore CS6
Adobe Photoshop CS6 (64bit)
Adobe Bridge CS6 (64bit)
Adobe Illustrator CS6 (64bit)

------------------------------------------------

32 Bit Applications: (Use 32bit amtlib.dll)

Adobe Photoshop CS6
Adobe Bridge CS6
Adobe Illustrator CS6
Adobe Audition CS6
Adobe Dreamweaver CS6
Adobe Extension Manager CS6
Adobe Fireworks CS6
Adobe Flash Professional CS6
Adobe InDesign CS6
Adobe Media Encoder CS6
Adobe Prelude CS6

------------------------------------------------

(Note: All amtlib.dll files are located in main directory EXCEPT Illustrator, After Effects, and Speedgrade)


Adobe After Effects CS6Support Files
Adobe Illustrator CS6Support FilesContentsWindows
Adobe Illustrator CS6 (64 Bit)Support FilesContentsWindows
Adobe SpeedGrade CS6bin
