Sexually BrokenChanel Preston manhandled, Brutally deep throated, bound, crotch roped, Cum ripped from her body!  Chanel Preston  Matt Williams


MP4 + Pics 
    

Welcome back Chanel Preston to the pages of Sexually Broken. Chanel was built for sex, a deep throat for cock, flexible for bondage, a perfect ass, big tits, and a desire to please. The perfect combination for the best bondage and rough sex site on the net.

 This is the first scene we shot with Chanel. One must take care the first time you work with a girl. Too hard, too fast and you only get one scene. You have to push, test, and push to see what they can handle. Too hard and you blow them out, too easy and you never see what they are capable of. The first scene is a highly scientific study to determine what the rest of the day will hold. 

We attack and quickly Chanel's elbows are tightly bound behind her, causing her huge tits to stick out even farther. We bind her hands, knock her to her knees and push a hard cock past her perfect lips and down her wet throat. We are about to deliver a epic skull fucking to our helpless porn star. Chanel's throat has never been fucked harder. This professional cock sucker struggles. We are ruthless, never giving her a chance to "get on top of it". We play her throat like a musical instrument, hard and fast and she suffers for it. 

We limit her air, the cock goes so deep down her throat she must ration and sneak oxygen when she can get it. The skull fucking sends her into subspace quickly and we keep her dazed and confused with cock deep in her throat. When we think we have overloaded our porn start with cock, we flip her around and plunge the cock deep into her wet pussy. Within seconds she comes on the hard cock as it bangs away at her cervix. 

Back and forth we punish our sexy helpless girl with cock. Brutal face fucking and deep pounding fucking. She cums, she sucks, she cums, she sucks. She is a toy and we are slowly breaking it. We bind her hands to the floor then arch her back and neck all the way and fuck her throat from behind, her head upside down as the cock slides all the way down the throat. You can literally see the bulge of the cock from the outside as it snakes down her air passage.

 Unable to catch her air, her brain deep in subspace and cum drunk, we now add crotch rope and painfully pull it tight. All Chanel can do at this point is moan and suffer as the rope bites hard into her wet pussy. We leave her to suffer, waiting, wanting and hoping.. 
 

Screens    
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/03_18cpreston/SexuallyBroken-Chanel-Preston-Matt-Williams-Chanel-Preston-manhandled-Brutally-deep-throated-bound-crotch-roped-Cum-ripped-from-her-body.php


10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  
