
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/511A3HMxU6L._SL500_.jpg


The Healthy Skin Diet: Your Complete Guide to Beautiful Skin in Only 8 Weeks!

Published by Exisle Publishing
Karen Fischer
2010
English
ASIN: B003RITKD0
PDF,Epub
392 Pages
3.46 MB

Winner of the 2008 Australian Food Media Awards for Best Health, Nutrition or Special Diet book.


The skin you have today will be totally renewed within two months. In fact, the body you have today, all your cells and tissues, will be totally new within a year. This is because your body turns over 6 billion cells each day and new ones are made to replace them. The pimple you have right now is not the one you had a month ago and it’s certainly not the same blemish you had last year. So, whatever your skin condition may be, whether it is quite okay or out of control, you can improve your skin quality and have fantastic looking skin within only eight weeks … and THE HEALTHY SKIN DIET will show you how.
THE HEALTHY SKIN DIET is designed to supply your body with the specific building materials to make gorgeous skin. Beautiful skin is created by a body that’s functioning properly; by a body that is eliminating wastes efficiently, digesting food and transporting nutrients at lightning speeds around the body; it’s not something exclusively reserved for the genetically blessed. You can have it too. With its eight basic guidelines, THE HEALTHY SKIN DIET will take the guesswork out of creating clear skin.
You don’t even have to have bad skin to follow THE HEALTHY SKIN DIET as this program is fantastic for overall health and wellbeing. You can be in your nineties or starting school, and there is even information for parents with babies suffering from eczema.
So, if you have acne, eczema, psoriasis, dandruff, rosacea, the odd pimple or simply want to prevent premature ageing and reduce the appearance of wrinkles, this is the book for you. You’ll also find the program works wonders for sinusitis, hay fever, asthma, arthritis and allergies! In fact, this book is the key not only to wonderful skin but to feeling wonderful too!

