Last Exit, released in May 1969, is the third album by English rock band Traffic. It is a collection of odds and ends put together by Island Records after the initial breakup of the band. The album reached number 19 in the American Billboard charts. As implied by the cover photos, the album features the original lineup of Steve Winwood, Jim Capaldi, Chris Wood, and Dave Mason, though Mason does not actually appear on most of the songs.

"Just For You" was previously released in February 1968 as a Dave Mason solo B-side. (The A-side was called "Little Woman".) This was after Mason left Traffic the first time, following Mr. Fantasy. Conveniently for its use on this album, the other members of Traffic backed up Mason on this track.

"Medicated Goo" and "Shanghai Noodle Factory" were the A- and B- sides, respectively, of a December 1968 single. Mason does not appear on these tracks.

"Something's Got A Hold Of My Toe" is an instrumental and appears to be an outtake not originally intended for release. It is unclear why producer Jimmy Miller (a lyricist elsewhere on the album) gets a co-writing credit on this, although he was known for coming up with humorous phrases and may have just come up with the title.

"Withering Tree" was previously released as the B-side to "Feelin' Alright" (September 1968), although the version on the LP is slightly different than the single. Dave Mason does not appear on this although it was probably recorded while he was still in the band.

The two Fillmore West live tracks that make up the second half do not feature Mason.


Track Listing [320k MP3] [2008 Japanese SHM-CD]


    "Just for You" (Dave Mason) – 2:18
    "Shanghai Noodle Factory" (Winwood, Capaldi, Mason, – 5:06
    "Something's Got a Hold of My Toe" (Winwood, Mason, Miller) – 2:14
    "Withering Tree" (Winwood, Capaldi) – 3:04
    "Medicated Goo" (Winwood, Miller) – 3:36
    "Feelin' Good" (live) (Anthony Newley, Leslie Bricusse) – 10:40
    "Blind Man" (live) (Deadric Malone, Joseph Scott) – 7:06
