Programming Massively Parallel Processors, Second Edition: A Hands-on Approach 

Book Details:

Pages: 514 
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann; 2nd Edition (December 2012)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0124159923
ISBN-13: 978-0124159921
Format: PDF, EPUB

Book Description:

Programming Massively Parallel Processors: A Hands-on Approach shows both student and professional alike the basic concepts of parallel programming and GPU architecture. Various techniques for constructing parallel programs are explored in detail. Case studies demonstrate the development process, which begins with computational thinking and ends with effective and efficient parallel programs. Topics of performance, floating-point format, parallel patterns, and dynamic parallelism are covered in depth.

This best-selling guide to CUDA and GPU parallel programming has been revised with more parallel programming examples, commonly-used libraries such as Thrust, and explanations of the latest tools. With these improvements, the book retains its concise, intuitive, practical approach based on years of road-testing in the authors own parallel computing courses.

Updates in this new edition include:

New coverage of CUDA 5.0, improved performance, enhanced development tools, increased hardware support, and more
Increased coverage of related technology, OpenCL and new material on algorithm patterns, GPU clusters, host programming, and data parallelism
Two new case studies (on MRI reconstruction and molecular visualization) explore the latest applications of CUDA and GPUs for scientific research and high-performance computing

Table of Contents:

Chapter 1. Introduction
Chapter 2. History of GPU Computing
Chapter 3. Introduction to Data Parallelism and CUDA C
Chapter 4. Data-Parallel Execution Model
Chapter 5. CUDA Memories
Chapter 6. Performance Considerations
Chapter 7. Floating-Point Considerations
Chapter 8. Parallel Patterns: Convolution
Chapter 9. Parallel Patterns: Prefix Sum
Chapter 10. Parallel Patterns: Sparse MatrixΓÇôVector Multiplication
Chapter 11. Application Case Study: Advanced MRI Reconstruction
Chapter 12. Application Case Study: Molecular Visualization and Analysis
Chapter 13. Parallel Programming and Computational Thinking
Chapter 14. An Introduction to OpenCLTM
Chapter 15. Parallel Programming with OpenACC
Chapter 16. Thrust: A Productivity-Oriented Library for CUDA
Chapter 17. CUDA FORTRAN
Chapter 18. An Introduction to C++ AMP
Chapter 19. Programming a Heterogeneous Computing Cluster
Chapter 20. CUDA Dynamic Parallelism
Chapter 21. Conclusion and Future Outlook

Appendix A. Matrix Multiplication Host-Only Version Source Code
Appendix B. GPU Compute Capabilities
