Beginner's Guide to Fabric Painting (One Stroke) (Craft Book)
By Donna Dewberry
Plaid Enterprises Inc | 1998 | ISBN - N/A | scanned DJVU/PDF | 36 pages | 14.1/11.1 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Beginners-Guide-Fabric-Painting-Stroke/dp/B000WY9ELA

The term "free hand" is often heard in connection with artwork and it is amazing how much more respect this term affords the item it is used to describe. Whether it is connected to a painting, a decorative accessory or a T-shirt, this item is going to he more sought after and infinitely more expensive than things decorated with stenciling, blocking or iron-on transfers. It's no wonder then that crafters everywhere dream of finding a shortcut to well executed, beautifully integrated hand painting. The One StrokeΓäó Painting Method is such a shortcut - a new, quick and easy painting technique with FolkArt┬« Acrylic Colors. You may have experienced this method already with one of Donna Dewberry's wonderful laminated painting guides which allow you to gain experience and practice over Donna's own strokes. Now you can adapt this distinctive technique to wearables and learn to paint beauti-ful artistic designs on cotton t-shirts, chambray blouses and denim jumpers to give as gifts or enhance your own creative wardrobe.

About the Author 
http://imageshack.us/a/img845/8642/donnaq.jpg
Donna Dewberry is the mother of seven children (four daughters and three sons) and a native Floridian. She lives in central Florida with her family and has been involved with arts and crafts all her married life - nearly 25 years.
He: enthusiasm for creative endeavors led her to learn decorative painting. After many evenings at her dining room table, she developed a technique for stress-free painting that is the basis for her "One-Stroke" series of painting books. Donna believes God has blessed us all with talents and that we just need to dis-cover and exercise them. She hopes the designs in this book will encourage you to sit down in your quiet place and paint.

Note
You will find the original book in DJVU format. Tha scan is quite haphazard so I have cleaned the images as far as could & converted it to PDF with OCR.