POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Gov Assassins - 06 - MLK






POtHS says:  Who done it???   It is always the Banksters that did it.......ALWAYS

Description:
Evidence of Revision - Part 6 of 6 - The Assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.:
Martin Luther King, Jr. was an American clergyman, activist, and prominent leader of the ... he confronted death constantly, making it a central part of his philosophy. ... At 6:01 p.m. on Thursday, April 4, 1968, while he was standing on the motel's ..... learn about this plot to assassinate MLK Jr. and motives behind the comspiracy.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Martin Luther King Murder Plot parts I & II! The Truth about his Murder!
Those of us in the know, know that the CIA and the FBI are nothing more than gangs who work for the corporate interests and do anything to take down those who are not in line with their thinking. We know they took down JFK, RFK, KING etc.

A lot of people still do not believe it it is possible because the corporate world owns the media (some call them the illuminati) and can therefore tell you what you should think or what your opinion should be. To many, if they did not see it or hear about it on CNN, it did not happen! When they see it on their local news along with national, they assume it is real, like the Death of Bin Laden or the "election" of Barak Obama.

This video is from the ground breaking series - Evidence of Revision which explores the Martin Luther King Jr. assassination. It is no doubt that it was the result of a conspiracy, but the media tells you otherwise. All of the assassinations of the 60's were conspiracies, but they tell you it was all one man who did it for unknown reasons. With JFK, they had to kill the accused assassin because it was a president! With RFK, they had to get him before he became president so that the news would not be as great.

These are real facts and this will never be known to the American people until this country no longer exists. People do not kill just because, they do political assassination for a certain goal. Someone either stands in the way of their schemes or they need to take power and of course blame it on the left. The problem is, the left's leaders are the ones who get killed all of the time! The right only get's shot at! They are both on the same team.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Robert Gaylon Ross - Sr. Elite Serial Killers of Lincoln, JFK, RFK, and MLK:
Robert Gaylon Ross Sr. decodes the assassinations of President Abraham Lincoln, President John F. Kennedy, Senator/Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, and Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. The Elite Serial Killers of Lincoln, JFK, RFK & MLK tells who the real shooters were, where they were when they fired their shots, who organized these events, the motivations behind these killings, and who wrote the checks to pay the killers. It also provides the minutes of U. S. Senate hearing where U.S. Government officials were exposed as they committed terrible acts against U.S. citizens.
-----------------------------------------------------------

The Assassination of Martin Luther King:
The most definitive video existing DOCUMENTING the FBI's conspiracy to kill MLK. As MLK went above and beyond issues of Civil Rights, the policy makers behind the secret curtain had to have him killed. Black America . . . . PLEASE join the fight to expose the evil shadow government. I highly sugget EVERYONE to useto get their daily news from to learn about the the tyrants in control of this world.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS  
 

