The Class 465 EMU is a popular sight across the south east of England on commuter services, and this modern four-car unit is now available for Train Simulator.

The Class 465 ΓÇÿNetworkerΓÇÖ replaced the ageing Class 415 (4EPB) EMUs that were previously in service across the southern rail network. Construction of the units was split between three manufacturers, GEC Alsthom (Metro-Cammell) and BREL between 1991 and 1993, and ABB Rail between 1993 and 1994. Generally, the different manufacturersΓÇÖ units were the same with some minor differences, which includes overhead air vents, external dot matrix displays and different traction motors.

The Networkers entered service in 1992 and were operated by British Railways until 1997, transferring to Connex, South Eastern Train and latterly to Southeastern as privatisation of BritainΓÇÖs railways developed. In total, 147 four-car trainsets were built, and can today be seen on suburban routes serving the south east of England.

The Class 465/2 for Train Simulator is available in Southeastern yellow/grey livery and features passenger view and driver reminder appliance (DRA).

The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the Class 465 on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the London-Faversham High Speed (available separately and required to play these scenarios).

The Class 465/2 is officially licensed by Southeastern.


Scenarios included with this product

Three scenarios for the London-Faversham High Speed route:
Class 465:Driver Training
Class 465:Journey Through The Mists
Class 465:Networker Blanket




Includes 2 RWP's:

London - Faversham
Southeastern class 465

*Install instructions*:

Navigate to the railworks directory and run utilities &gt; package manager then install RWP's

Its recommended you download the London - Faversham RWP even if you have it as mine disappeared after installing the 465. Everything works perfectly otherwise