Tom Palmer is just amazing! Not a lot of fans today know his name, but wow -- they should!

This fills a request for one of our friends. Now please seed and share with everyone here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

This torrent contains:

X-MEN: THE HIDDEN YEARS 01-22

X-MEN: THE HIDDEN YEARS, VOLUME 1 trade paperback
(same material as 01-12, higher resolution)

------

From Wikipedia:

X-Men: The Hidden Years was a comic book series set in the Marvel Comics universe, which starred the company's popular superhero team, the X-Men. It was written by John Byrne, with illustrations by Byrne and Tom Palmer.

The series was intended to fill in the team's chronology during the early 1970s when the original X-Men comic (#67ΓÇô93) was publishing only reprints of earlier issues. According to Byrne, the series "was clearly finite, since [Giant-Size X-Men #1] was out there as an "end point" for my series, but the way I had it worked out, I could have easily done 100 issues or more before I had to send the team off to Krakoa." However, as part of a retooling of the X-Men line, X-Men: The Hidden Years was cancelled, prematurely ending its run with issue #22.

Hidden Years featured the cast of the original X-Men and their villains, with a few appearances by characters who had not otherwise appeared at that point in time, such as Storm.

------

From John Byrne, at the Byrne Robotics message board:

[Quoting a fan] "It's a real shame this title wasn't left alone.."

I can also turn that phrase, and say it was "left alone" too much! It was while I was working on HIDDEN YEARS that I coined the phrase "stealth marketing". In the nearly two years it ran, the book got almost no push from Marvel's promotions department.

(In the end, it was a bit of a shaggy dog story, too. After decades of fans crying for my return to the X-Men, when I finally did return, the chorus became "Not THOSE X-Men!" I sometimes wonder if it would have made a difference if I'd listened to those who wanted me to try to persuade Terry Austin to ink the book. Terry and I had moved a long way apart, stylistically, and the results would not have looked like our previous collaboration on the characters. Nor would it have looked how I wanted the book to look. Would it have helped draw attention to the title Marvel was so relentlessly ignoring?)