Color Management

This is a workshop we ALL need! Learn color management from Eddie Tapp! We'll talk about calibrating equipment, establishing a color managed workflow in Lightroom and Photoshop, and taking advantage of color management workflow for both input processing and printing and output. If you want to accurately capture, manipulate, and reproduce the color you shot, this is the workshop for you!
more...

Instructor: Eddie Tapp
School: Photography, Software
Date: Special 1-Day Workshop
Price: $39.00

More info: http://www.creativelive.com/courses/color-management-eddie-tapp

Eddie Tapp:
Award-winning photographer, lecturer, consultant, and author on digital imaging issues. An Explorer of Light with Canon USA, on the Photoshop “Dream Team” and inducted into the “Photoshop Hall of Fame”. A gifted photographer and artist, Eddie has been a tireless educator for photographers for decades. He has become very prominent since the adoption of digital imaging by the advertising, portrait and publishing industries. His digital imaging seminars and workshops have been hosted around the world, and he's a regular consultant to businesses large and small. His reputation as an authority on digital imaging workflows, color management and Photoshop is evidenced by his association with the world's most prominent photographic manufactures and distributors, as well as the major photographic studios, corporations and government agencies who endorse his education work.
His articles have appeared in The Professional Photographer, Rangefinder, Photoshop User, Shutter Bug, Photo Electronic Imaging, Southern Exposure, Alert Diver and others. His books, Photoshop Workflow Setups and Practical Color Management, are both listed in the TOP 10 books for photographers in Color Management and Photography Workflow books.

Eddie hails from Atlanta, Georgia and has been accused of using his southern charm to put his students at ease. His teaching philosophy is simple: solve people’s problems by giving them straightforward answers in clear language.

Website: http://eddietapp.com/
Twitter:

Enjoy!
