From All Music.

About Blue Sky Riders:

Kenny Loggins may give Blue Sky Riders star power but he doesn't overwhelm the trio he formed with Nashville-based singer/songwriters Gary Burr and Georgia Middleman in the early years of the 2010s. Loggins collaborated with Burr -- a professional songwriter who began his career as the lead singer for Pure Prairie League during the mid-'80s -- on the former's 2008 album How About Now, an experience that went so well, Loggins decided to form an official partnership with the songwriter. Burr brought in Middleman, an accomplished songwriter (she wrote Keith Urban's hit "I'm In") who also happened to be his fiancé, and the trio tested the waters opening for Loggins himself in 2011, releasing a live EP called Live at the Rutledge later that year. Soon they headlined their own club tour and set about recording a full-length debut. That album, Finally Home, appeared in January 2013.

About Finally Home:

Initially, it's hard not to think of Blue Sky Riders as a Kenny Loggins project, as he's the one member of the trio who has considerable success under his own name. As it turns out, that's not the case at all. Blue Sky Riders is a genuine partnership, with Loggins happily collaborating with Gary Burr and Georgia Middleman, two singer/songwriters with a track record of country hits (and who just happen to be engaged). This isn't a collaboration that came out of nowhere: Burr and Loggins wrote together for the latter's 2008 album How About Now, discovering they had an easy, natural chemistry that's also apparent on Blue Sky Riders' 2013 debut, Finally Home. Pitched halfway between Loggins' folkier side -- at times the album is reminiscent of his earliest records with Jim Messina -- and the assured contemporary country-pop coming out of Nashville, Finally Home is amiable and tuneful, the sound of professionals enjoying their craft. At times, this does mean the trio gets a little cutesy in its high concepts -- building songs around the catch phrases "How's That Workin' for Ya," "I Get It," and "You're Not the Boss of Me" -- but such clever conceits aren't distracting because they arrive wrapped in sweet tunefulness and casual charm. Clearly, Loggins, Burr, and Middleman enjoy each other's company, trading lead vocals with ease, dabbling in a bunch of different styles, flirting with Celtic music on "Feelin' Brave," indulging in densely produced '80s soft rock on "Dream" and a bit of modern pop on "Say I Like It." Mostly, the music is very much grounded in the sound of hazily sensitive '70s singer/songwriters, a form that suits both Loggins and Burr, even if the latter was too late to capitalize on the boom. It's all comfortable, it's all easy, yet it's not lazy: it's the sound of old pros playing for the love of it once again, and it's hard not to smile along with their enthusiasm.  


Tracks:

 	
1 I'm a Rider (Finally Home)

2 How's That Workin' for Ya

3 Little Victories

4 Just Say Yes

5 Feelin' Brave

6 You're Not the Boss of Me

7 Another Spring

8 Dream

9 A Thousand Wild Horses

10 I Get It

11 Say I Like It

12 Windeer Woman 

13 As Luck Would Have It

14 You Took the Words (Right Outta My Mouth)

15 How About Now


This in NOT my rip. Please, be kind.