#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-24-13
Host: 	George Knapp
Guests: 	Sean Stone, Brad Olsen

In the first half of the program, George Knapp was joined by filmmaker and actor, Sean Stone, who discussed his experiences with shadowmen, demons, and ghosts along the eastern seaboard as documented in his film, Greystone Park. He detailed how the film was inspired by his own adventures exploring the abandoned mental asylum Greystone Park in New Jersey, where he experienced a wide variety of strange paranormal phenomena. "I think Greystone is haunted," Stone said, "haunted by what, I can't tell you. I think it is a portal or some kind of gateway." In light of the occult symbols found within the facility as well as alleged Satanic rituals said to have been practiced there, Stone theorized that this portal effect was either created by or is attracting these practitioners of the 'dark arts.'

Stone also discussed his role as co-host with Jesse Ventura on the third season of the TV series Conspiracy Theory. In light of the nebulous nature of conspiracy theories, Stone conceded that attempting to capture these concepts for television was often a frustrating endeavor. To that end, he cited the theories surrounding an alleged underground base in Dulce, New Mexico. "They could be building reptilian-grey hybrids underneath us in Dulce, but we can't get in there," he laughed. Additionally, Stone revealed that the second season of the program, specifically the episode devoted to martial law, drew "some pressure" which resulted in the show focusing more on supernatural topics in the third season.

-------------------------------------

In the latter half of the program, author Brad Olsen talked about how the purposeful marginalization of the paranormal has prevented humanity from advancing to a new level. Declaring that we live in "the age of deceit," he contended that the planet is controlled by a small group of power brokers who have a "globalist agenda." A key aspect of this plan, he said, is the UFO cover-up, since it prevents the human race from acquiring world-changing technologies such as free energy, antigravity, and the ability to travel vast distances in a short period of time. Olsen observed that as public awareness and acceptance of the UFO phenomenon grows, the conspiracy to keep it secret is getting increasingly untenable, which may be the cause behind the increasing level of control being exerted upon the population.

Ultimately, Olsen expressed hope that the human race will be able to overcome the nefarious "moneyed elite." He advocated for a simpler lifestyle which eschews monetary gain and, thus, eliminates the control mechanism of the power brokers. He mused, "if we could get rid of money, then this cabal, is suddenly powerless." Furthermore, he proposed that, should humans be able to attune themselves to superhuman abilities, such as telekinesis and telepathy, then they would gain skills which would allow for the circumvention of physical control mechanisms.
Website(s):

    bradolsen.com
    cccpublishing.com

Video(s):

    Greystone Park
    Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura

Book(s):

    Future Esoteric

