nERv

Assassins Creed III Update v1.03 (c) Ubisoft

02/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Ubisoft DRM
- :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action

Note: read the included .txt for a list of what's new

The American Colonies, 1775. A brave young warrior fights to save his
homeland. But what begins as a struggle over territory turns into an
extraordinary journey that will transform him into a Master Assassin -
one that will forever change the destiny of a newborn nation.

You are Connor, warrior son of a Native American mother and British
father. As the colonies draw closer to revolution, you will dedicate
your life to the freedom of your clan, becoming the spark that ignites
the revolution into a full blaze. Your crusade will lead you through
blood-soaked battlefields and through crowded city streets, to the
perilous wilderness and beyond. You will not only witness history - you
will make it.

Experience the hidden truth behind one of history's most influential
wars: the American Revolution. Unleash lethal new skills and weapons,
and experience a stunningly realistic world created by Anvil Next, a new
engine that redefines gaming. Welcome to an entirely new chapter in the
Assassins' unforgettable saga

Key Features

A NEW MASTER ASSASSIN - As Connor, a Native American Assassin, unleash
your predatory instincts to stalk your enemies and devastate them with
new weapons including tomahawks, rope darts, firearms and more.

IGNITE THE FIRES OF REVOLUTION - Fighting from Lexington to Bunker Hill,
you are America's first highly trained Master Assassin. Incite the
revolution by working behind the scenes along with historical icons like
George Washington, Benjamin Franklin and more.

EXPLORE A BRAVE NEW WORLD - Pursue your enemies through massive
environments, from bustling city streets to blood-soaked battlefields,
and into the far reaches of the American frontier.

STUNNING NEW ENGINE - Experience the power of Anvil Next, Ubisoft's new
engine designed for Assassin's Creed III. Revolutionary physics,
animation and weather systems deliver unprecedented realism, while a
whole-new combat system delivers more intense, gut-wrenching battles
than ever before.

1. Install the 1.03 update. Previous updates may need to be installed
2. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir to your game
install dir, overwriting existing files
3. Play the game.
4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT