A Curious Man: The Strange and Brilliant Life of Robert "Believe It or Not!" Ripley
by Neal Thompson
Crown Archetype | ISBN: 077043620X | May 2013 | ePUB/PDF | 10/8.83 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Curious-Man-Strange-Brilliant-Believe/dp/077043620X
PDF conversion is mine.

A Curious Man is the marvelously compelling biography of Robert “Believe It or Not” Ripley, the enigmatic cartoonist turned globetrotting millionaire who won 
international fame by celebrating the world's strangest oddities, and whose outrageous showmanship taught us to believe in the unbelievable.
As portrayed by acclaimed biographer Neal Thompson, Ripley’s life is the stuff of a classic American fairy tale. Buck-toothed and cursed by shyness, Ripley turned 
his sense of being an outsider into an appreciation for the strangeness of the world. After selling his first cartoon to Time magazine at age eighteen, more cartooning triumphs followed, but it was his “Believe It or Not” conceit and the wildly popular radio shows it birthed that would make him one of the most successful entertainment figures of his time and spur him to search the globe’s farthest corners for bizarre facts, exotic human curiosities, and shocking phenomena.
Ripley delighted in making outrageous declarations that somehow always turned out to be true—such as that Charles Lindbergh was only the sixty-seventh man to fly across the Atlantic or that “The Star Spangled Banner” was not the national anthem. Assisted by an exotic harem of female admirers and by ex-banker Norbert Pearlroth, a devoted researcher who spoke eleven languages, Ripley simultaneously embodied the spirit of Peter Pan, the fearlessness of Marco Polo and the marketing savvy of P. T. Barnum.
By the 1930s Ripley possessed a vast fortune, a private yacht, and a twenty-eight room mansion stocked with such “oddities” as shrunken heads and medieval torture devices, and his pioneering firsts in print, radio, and television were tapping into something deep in the American consciousness—a taste for the titillating and exotic, and a fascination with the fastest, biggest, dumbest and most weird. Today, that legacy continues and can be seen in reality TV, YouTube, America’s 
Funniest Home Videos, Jackass, MythBusters and a host of other pop-culture phenomena.
In the end Robert L. Ripley changed everything. The supreme irony of his life, which was dedicated to exalting the strange and unusual, is that he may have been the 

most amazing oddity of all.

About the Author 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/fc/3a/483dc0a398a08942afecf110.L._V249528597_.jpg
Neal specializes in narrative nonfiction, biography, and overlooked Americana. His fourth book, A CURIOUS MAN, chronicles the hard-to-believe life of the eccentric world-traveling cartoonist, media pioneer, millionaire-celebrity-playboy Robert 'Believe It or Not' Ripley, considered to be the godfather of reality TV. 
David Shields says A Curious Man "constructs an elegant argument: the world Ripley created is the world in which we now live", and Ben Fountain says "anyone who wants to understand America needs to read this book."
A former journalist, Neal has worked at the Philadelphia Inquirer, the St. Petersburg Times, and the Baltimore Sun, and has written forÂ Outside,Â Esquire,Â 
Sports Illustrated, andÂ Men's Health.Â He and his books have been featured on NPR, ESPN, the History Channel, Fox, and TNT. Neal lives in Seattle with his 
wife and two skateboarding sons. Since 2011 he has worked as an editor, reviewer and interviewer on the books team at Amazon.com, where he oversees the Best Books of the Month program.