Ripped from Audible and split. If you like it, support the author.


Publisher's Summary

In a prolific career spanning more than 50 years, Harlan Ellison has been the acclaimed master of speculative fiction. In fact, a 1999 Locus poll named him the all-time best writer of short fiction as well as the editor of the all-time best anthology (Dangerous Visions). In addition to his dozens of Hugo, Nebula, and Locus Awards, Ellison has won two Edgar Awards from the Mystery Writers of America, and multiple Bram Stoker Awards from the Horror Writers Association (including the Lifetime Achievement Award). As an audiobook narrator, he's twice won Audie Awards and been nominated for a Grammy Award.

The Deathbird & Other Stories presents, for the first time in audio, 13 of Ellison’s classic stories:

"Ellison Wonderland"
"The Deathbird" (Hugo & Locus winner; Nebula nominee)
"The Creation of Water"
"Run for the Stars"
"Croatoan" (Hugo nominee)
"The Beast Who Shouted Love at the Heart of the World" (Hugo winner)
"On the Slab"
"The Man Who Rowed Christopher Columbus Ashore" (Nebula nominee)
"The Dreams a Nightmare Dreams"
"The Whimper of Whipped Dogs"
"Killing Bernstein"
"Count the Clock That Tells the Time" (Locus winner; Hugo nominee)
"How Interesting: A Tiny Man" (Nebula winner)

“Ellison Wonderland” © 1994 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “The Deathbird” © 1973 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 2001 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “The Creation of Water” © 1994 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “Run for the Stars”© 1957 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 1985 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “Croatoan”© 1975 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 2003 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “The Beast That Shouted Love at the Heart of the World” © 1968 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 1996 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “On the Slab”© 1981 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “The Man Who Rowed Christopher Columbus Ashore”© 1991 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “The Dreams a Nightmare Dreams”© 1994 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “The Whimper of Whipped Dogs” © 1973 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 2001 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “Killing Bernstein” © 1976 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 2004 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “Count the Clock That Tells the Time” © 1978 by Harlan Ellison. Renewed 2006 by The Kilimanjaro Corporation. “How Interesting: A Tiny Man” © 2010 by Harlan Ellison. All stories written by Harlan Ellison. All rights reserved.

©2011 The Kilimanjaro Corporation. (P)2011 Audible, Inc.
What the Critics Say

"All the narrators are wonderful...However, Ellison as narrator surpasses them all. Once you have heard Ellison read his ownwork, it is impossible to imagine it spoken by anyone else. It’s not simply that Ellison is a terrific voice actor; it’s that he inhabits his writing like a hand wears a glove. If you love Ellison, you have to have this. Highly recommended." (Locus)
