
nERv

Wargame: AirLand Battle (c) FOCUS

05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy

Released in early 2012, Wargame: European Escalation by Eugen Systems
managed to become the new benchmark in real-time strategy games, praised by
critics and players alike. Wargame: AirLand Battle is about to bring the
series to the next level as a full-fledged sequel
Between 1975 and 1985, war between NATO and the Warsaw Pact is still
raging, reaching Northern Europe, notably Scandinavia, whose architecture
magnificent landscapes are faithfully recreated in the game.
While the first Wargame made quite an impression with its powerful engine,
Wargame: AirLand Battle is making a huge leap forward with its visuals,
bringing a level of detail never before seen in a real-time strategy game.
Flat relief and lack of variety is now a thing of the past, as the new
version of the IRISZOOM Engine displays spectacular graphics, with a huge
variety of units, scenery and impressive topography reproduced from
satellite maps
Command all the military resources of the Cold War era, from tanks to
planes which make an outstanding entrance in the series A total of 150
planes strengthen the playable arsenal of the game, from fighters to bombers
to electronic warfare planes. Four new nations and their vehicles join the
original eight from the first game, making a total of over 750 vehicles and
combat units rendered in realistic detail with new textures
In Wargame: AirLand Battle, realism is also strengthened thanks to a new
weapons system, better handling of fire and its effects, and a new
Urban Combat Interface (UCI) allowing for battle inside cities block by
block to take them over
The solo part of the game is composed of several new dynamic campaigns,
during which you will manage all aspects of the battle. Lead each squad of
the Theatre of Operation, and make good use of your reinforcements and
strategic support. Each decision you make has an impact on the tactical
outcome of battles, and also impacts the evolution of the global conflict
Wargame: AirLand Battle still allows you to customize your own army in solo
and multiplayer modes, thanks to the Deck system, which is now being
enhanced with an integrated viewer

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the Game
4. Copy the crack from Crack dir to your install directory
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

