English | CBR | 15 Issues

Star Wars Adventure Journal
Publisher:  West End Games
Publication Date:  February 1994 - November 1997

The Star Wars Adventure Journal was a publication distributed by West End Games between 1994 and 1997. Fifteen issues were printed, containing short stories set in the Star Wars Expanded Universe by both well-known and relatively unknown Star Wars authors; adventures and source material for the West End Games version of the Star Wars role-playing game; Galaxywide NewsNets were fictional news reports from throughout the galaxy; interviews with personalities from all walks of Star Wars literature; and reviews of new and upcoming Star Wars products.

The Adventure Journals were discontinued following the publication of number fifteen, when financial problems forced West End Games to give up the license to publish further Star Wars material.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 1 was the first issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in February of 1994. It contained short stories such as First Contact written by Timothy Zahn, which would later be reprinted in the short story anthology Tales from the Empire, Escape from Balis-Baurgh written by Paul Balsamo, and Breaking Free written by Dave Marron. Complementing the short stories were a series of articles written by a wide variety of individuals, including the first Adventure Journal appearance of Wanted by Cracken by Thomas Woods. Issue one was edited by Peter Schweighofer.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 2 was the second issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in May 1994. Along with the short stories compiled, including Whispers in the Dark by Charlene Newcomb, Adventure Journal 2 is noteworthy for a series of articles and interviews. Among those included were You're in the Army Now! by James Cambias and Making Star Wars Comics Come Alive, which was an interview conducted by Ilene Rosenberg with author Tom Veitch.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 3 was the third issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in August 1994. Adventure Journal 3 collected various short stories by authors Charlene Newcomb, Patricia A. Jackson, and Dave Marron, among others. Likewise, these short stories were illustrated by various artists, including Mike Vilardi who was a veteran West End Games artist. Among the articles included was the continuation of Wanted by Cracken, began in Adventure Journal 1, and Drawing A Daily Diet of Star Wars Comics which was written by Ilene Rosenberg.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 4 was the fourth issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in November 1994. Adventure Journal 4 is notable for containing an original short story written for the Journal by author Kathy Tyers, author of The Truce at Bakura. To complement Tyers short story, Ilene Rosenberg included an interview conducted by herself with Tyers, revolving around Tyers conception and production of The Truce at Bakura. Among the other additions to Adventure Journal 4 was the continuation of Wanted by Cracken, and It's a Gambler's Life written by Anthony P. Russo, which detailed the gambling character for Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 5 was the fifth issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in February 1995. It contained a number of short stories, including Turning Point by Charlene Newcomb and Vengeance Strike by Peter Schweighofer. Among the articles collected for this issue were A Buyer's Guide to Alternative Starships, which detailed several new starships, and Smugglers of the Outer Rim written by Doug Shuler. Adventure Journal 5 was edited by Peter Schweighofer.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 6 was the sixth issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in May 1995. Adventure Journal 6 collected various articles, including Relic, an adventure centered around the Dark Jedi Durrei, written by George R. Strayton and illustrated by Doug Shuler. Also included in this issue were a number of short stories, such To Fight Another Day, written by Kathy Tyers and illustrated by Mike Vilardi, and Rendezvous with Destiny by Charlene Newcomb.

Star Wars Adventure Journal 7 was the seventh issue of the Adventure Journal and was published in August 1995. Adventure Journal 7 is notable for several role playing articles, including Cracken's Rebel Operatives which was written by Timothy O'Brien and illustrated by Scott Neely, and The Kaal Connection, co-authored by Peter Schweighofer and Timothy Zahn. Likewise, collected in this issue was an interview conducted by Ilene Rosenberg entitled The Adventures of Rogue Squadron. This Journal was also the first appearance of Corran Horn.

Thanks goes to the original scanners for this release.