Kimberly Kane's Been Blackmaled: Featuring Miss Kane's Very First DP & Interracial Sex Scene Ever!

Kimberly Kane takes on her darkest challenge yet! In this voodoo style fuck fantasy shot in (Super 8mm film & HD video) every scene is it's own world of mysterious creation. The fetish of interracial sex has always been Kane's most coveted desire. Pull back the red velvet curtain, destroy your inhibitions and witness Kimberly Kane being Blackmaled!

    Scene 1. Kimberly Kane, Prince Yahshua
    Scene 2. Lily Labeau, Nyomi Banxxx
    Scene 3. Bobbi Starr, Lexington Steele
    Scene 4. Asphyxia Noir, Skin Diamond
    Scene 5. Kimberly Kane, Jon Jon, Tee Reel

Length 2 hrs. 56 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Jun 24 2011
Production Year 2011
Studio  Vivid

Actresses:
    Asphyxia Noir [LezOnly]
    Bobbi Starr [Anal IR]
    Kimberly Kane [Anal DP IR]
    Lily Labeau [LezOnly IR]
    Nyomi Banxxx [LezOnly IR]
    Skin Diamond [LezOnly]

Actors:
    Jon Jon
    Lexington Steele
    Prince Yahshua
    Tee Reel



Body of Review: Kimberly Kane has long been on the radar here at Xcritic as a “must see” performer able to combine actual acting talent with a wide variety of sexual skills to stand out from the crowd over the multitude of “flavor of the month” type of performers. This has given her some career longevity well beyond the average 6 months so many of her peers have enjoyed, the young lady enjoying herself in scores of performances to the point where she is literally always up for numerous awards. While her exploits in front of the camera lens are what draws her legion of fans, she has also displayed some talent behind the scenes as a director, her latest release for Vivid called Kimberly Kane’s Been Blackmaled. Like previous releases in the series, it shows Kimberly encountering black male partners in full trysts, forever casting aside the naysayers who fuss because she has not done a lot of interracial in her public performances. Given the strength of past volumes (including Savanna Samson and Janine), I knew that Kimberly would knock it out of the park sexually, her wisdom in selecting a great crew and some equally interesting performers to round out the scenes (a few appealing lesbian scenes with babes like Lily LaBeau, Skin Diamond, and Asphyxia Noir; Bobbi Starr doing the infamous Lexington Steele) making this all the more likely to generate some favorable buzz. The back cover described it like this: “Kimberly Kane takes on her darkest challenge yet! In this voodoo style fuck fantasy shot in (Super 8mm film & HD video) every scene is it's own world of mysterious creation. The fetish of interracial sex has always been Kane's most coveted desire. Pull back the red velvet curtain, destroy your inhibitions and witness Kimberly Kane being Blackmaled.” Here’s a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:


Summary: Kimberly Kane’s Been Blackmaled by director Kimberly Kane for Vivid was a far cry from the movies the company put out for some many years, the kinkier edges on par with anything else the market has to offer but done in such a way that fans of hers will definitely need to pick up a copy of their own. The chemistry and energy in each scene was excellent, the strokability and replay value superior, and the diversity of action a major upgrade from previous volumes in the series. The many creative touches included here (courtesy of the crew mentioned prominently above) also added something special to the release as well, so I rated it as an Xcritic Pick because it earned the title beyond her established fan base or those seeking some heated interracial action, it was a showstopper that could ignite more interest in the genre. In short, Kimberly Kane’s Been Blackmaled had everything advertised and more, the wealth of sex positive aspects it provided shoring up Kimberly’s status as going beyond mere strumpet with a smoking hot (all natural) body. It should also be mentioned that her peers generated significant heat in their trysts as well, marking this release as one well worth picking up for your collections.
