Information:
Release date: January 25, 2013
Genre: Action / 3-d Person
Developer: Ninja Theory
Published by: Capcom
Platform: PC
Publication Type: License [Steam-Rip]
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Tablet: Reloaded


System requirements:
Operating system: Windows ® XP / Windows ® Vista / Windows ® 7 / Windows ® 8
Processor: Intel ® Core ™ 2 Duo processor with a clock speed of 2.4 GHz or better, AMD Athlon ™ X2 processor with a clock speed of 2.8 GHz or better
RAM: 2 GB
Video Card: NVIDIA ® GeForce ® 8800GTS or better, ATI Radeon ™ HD 3850 or better
Free space on hard disk: 8 GB

Description:
As a retelling stories of personality Dante translation into contemporary reality, DmC Devil May Cry ™ a preserved setting, flexible combat and self-assured protagonist that have been defining features of the cult game series, and brings bit of darkness and cruelty. Dante in DmC - boy, does not recognize the authority of someone else, and society as a whole. Dante knows he is not a man, but not of the evil spirits that tormented him throughout his life. Sandwiched between the worlds, he feels like an outcast. Thanks to his twin brother Vergil, the leader of the opposition group "The Order", Dante knows it means to be an offspring demon and an angel. This split personality affects the game mechanics, giving Dante the opportunity to use skills of both parties at any time, on the fly reincarnated blade Rebel, which changes as the battle and movement. As collaborators in DmC Capcom chose British studio Ninja Theory, is known for creating action with compelling characters and plot in conjunction with a high quality of material. Ninja Theory connection professionalism and unrivaled experience in the creation of Capcom oriented melee games provide a new game traditions of fidelity to sell over 11 million copies and beloved fans of the series Devil May Cry, and will bring it to a new level of cinematic.

Features:

- Survive Limbaugh - Limbaugh city is a living being, eager to kill Dante. The world will change right before your eyes and try to hinder or even destroy Dante. Our hero will have to master the demonic forces in order to change the world Limbaugh to your liking, with the angelic honing skills to get ahead in this hostile environment iskruchennoy.
- Who is Dante? - Investigate the history of personality in the new retelling of Dante, lost in a fascinating plot, where there was a place like a completely new characters and old friends, such as Vergil, Dante's twin brother.
- Uncontrolled action - intense and became a legendary mix of combat with weapons and firearms will be back and will be expanded angelic and demonic powers and varieties of weapons, created with the sole purpose to drive all evil back to hell cynically and panache.
- Highest cost of production - studio Ninja Theory used the latest advances in technology capture acting to achieve the level of detail the characters, storytelling and cinematics that wonderfully complement the upscale warhead DmC.