After downloading this torrent, please do not remove it. Continue uploading. Thanks!!!
Go to sonicroms.co.nr to download more Sonic games.



Sonic Generations™

The ultimate celebration of 20 years in Sonic gaming, Sonic Generations delivers the definitive gaming experience for Sonic fans new and old. 

Sonic’s universe is thrown into chaos when a mysterious new power comes into force, creating ‘time holes’ which take Sonic and his friends back in time. While there, Sonic runs into some very familiar characters from his past including a younger, classic version of himself! Now they must defeat their enemies, save their friends, and find out who is behind this diabolical deed.

Twice the Fun 
Play as both Classic Sonic and Modern Sonic in the ultimate Sonic experience. Master the moves of each character as they race through each environment on their own specially designed track.

The Best Just Got Better 
Iconic environments from gaming history come to life in beautiful HD for the ultimate Sonic adventure, each revisited, recreated and re-imagined with stunning results. Also, these environments are presented in stunning new stereoscopic 3D for a whole new way to play!

Unlock New Adventures
Once you complete each level and ‘free’ Sonic’s captured friends, you’ll get to go back and take on more challenges with them at your side. 

Infamous Bosses and Rivals
Take on some of the most notorious characters from Sonic’s past as you fight for ultimate supremacy.

Master Your Moves
Master Classic Sonic’s famous Spin Dash and Spin Attack and utilize Modern Sonic ‘s ‘Sonic Boost’ as you complete the all new tracks. 


Additional Key Features for Nintendo 3DS

All New Content
New and exclusive environments for the Nintendo 3DS include an unlockable ‘special stage’. Each environment features two tracks – one for Classic Sonic and one for Modern Sonic - designed to showcase the unique features of both Sonics. 

2 Player Versus mode
Take on your friends and earn valuable status points.

Street Pass
Collect new content and unlock bonus material, increasing variety, interaction and replayability.