Ok... Hi again folks. I would think that this is completely "off the radar" for most all of you that will look at this listing. Nellie is just an incredible talent. And she shows it over and over in so many different genres and styles. And, she does so much more that just being singer/songwriter musical performer. Don't know her name, don't know all that she does?... look her up. In the meantime, here is her sixth appearance at Mountain Stage from November of last year. I think many more people should become aware of Nellie Mckay. This is a good place to start your introduction. Highly entertaining... and make sure not to give up on this before the last song finishes, it's a hoot!! Enjoy...

Nellie McKay
Mountain Stage
Keith-Albee Theatre
Huntington, WV
November 4, 2012

Stream capture &gt; WavPad 24b/96k float, saved to 16b/44.1k wav &gt; Sony Soundforge (DC offset correction, tracking) &gt; FLAC (level 8, align on sector boundaries, fileset titles named using standard archiving nomenclature and are fully tagged) &gt; TLH &gt; Upload


Setlist:

01 stage intro
02 Beneath The Underdog
03 The Dog Song
04 Please
05 Won't U Please B Nice
06 The Very Thought Of You
07 Work Song


Singer-songwriter Nellie McKay makes her sixth appearance on Mountain Stage, recorded live at the historic Keith-Albee Theatre in Huntington, W.Va. Vivacious, multi-talented and completely impossible to categorize, McKay and her idiosyncratic style emerged all but fully formed on her 2004 debut double album Get Away From Me. 
In the years since, McKay has participated in a string of creative projects including a Doris Day tribute called As Normal As Blueberry Pie and her latest album, Home Sweet Mobile Home. McKay has also worked in musical theater and stand-up comedy, and her connection with comedy from a bygone era becomes clear during her banter between songs. Showing off her piano playing and impeccable vocal ability, McKay enlists the support of the Mountain Stage Band, as she often does, for a set that includes two songs from her first album, the crowd favorite "The Dog Song" and the provocative satire "Won't U Please B Nice."


www.nelliemckay.com



Artwork is included.

Hope you enjoy the music... and until next time