Spys Discography

Members: Al Greenwood, Billy Milne, Ed Gagliardi, John Blanco, John Di Gaudio 

Spys was a progressive rock band formed in 1981 by Al Greenwood, one of the founding members and keyboardist of the American rock band, Foreigner. In 1981, he formed the band Spys with former Foreigner bass player Ed Gagliardi, John Blanco, John Digaudio and Billy Milne and recorded the albums Spys (1982) and Behind Enemy Lines (1983).

Spys were one of many who failed to achieve a level of commercial recognition befitting their creativity. There was no real explanation for this lack of success except perhaps that the market was both crowded and that lady luck had set her sights on other more convenient suitors. Based in New York, Spys were formed by two former members of platinum rockers Foreigner, that’s bassist Ed Gagliardi and drummer Al Greenwood, two men looking to make a splash with a similar sound. Teaming up with the remnants of well-respected local Beatles tribute band Harpy, they assembled an inventive melodic rock style that took its cue from not only Foreigner but also the progressive art rock sounds of the 60s and 70s. Identified as potential hit makers several labels made overtures to sign them, with EMI AMERICA winning the battle. Issued in 1982, SPYS was recorded at New York’s seminal Electric Ladyland Studios with top British studio wizard Neil Kernon (Queensryche, Kansas, Dokken) at the production helm, helping to fashion one of the most arresting hard rock albums of the early 80s. Opening track, ‘Don’t Run My Life’, and ‘Hold On’, are genre classics, pushing at the same boundaries as Journey whilst the operatic ‘Don’t Say Goodbye’ fully exposes their art rock roots. Artistic differences (involving their record company) and disappointing sales figures led to them losing their contract and their eventual demise.

This torrent features both releases ripped in mp3 @320 (fuk Flac).  All covers are included and mp3 tags are properly saved.

Discography includes their only two releases:

Spys-Spys (1982)
Spys-Behind Enemy Lines (1983)
