Let Go to Reclaim Your Inner Life
Listen to this 6-CD set to learn powerful methods to let go of your tension, fear, anger, and pain. Calmly turn inward to awaken the great human potential in yourself.

Bruce FrantzisΓÇÖ books, CDs, and DVDs are unique in their practicality and relevance to modern life. The Water Method of Taoism has been transmitted for thousands of years from teacher to disciple in an unbroken chain. The Taoist lineage to which Frantzis belongs is directly linked to that of Lao Tse, author of the Tao Te Ching, the second most translated book in the world. Now Frantzis shares these ancient teachings to help you move closer to feeling truly alive and joyful.


The TAO of Letting Go...
By Bruce Frantzis

Lineage Master Bruce Frantzis offers meditation courses. Below are excerpts that we invite you to read from his newly released CD sets through Random House, TAO of Letting Go 6-CD set, complete meditation course and Ancient Songs of the TAO 3-CD set, ancient Chinese chants.



Why Meditate?

If you were in the ancient world and you walked up to people who knew something about meditation and asked, "Why should I meditate?" most of them would consider this question as the equivalent of "Why should I buy this?" They would most likely tell you not to bother meditating.

The attitude that you are going to get something from meditation is actually the problem that meditation is trying to solve. You will be dissatisfied with meditation if your approach is only to obtain something. Save your expectations for buying a car, acquiring money or planning a vacation. Leave expectations out of meditation. The Buddha meditated not to get something. The Buddha meditated to become free of the need to get something.

Nevertheless meditation can be used very practically. Modern science has shown that if you meditate it can lower your blood pressure and reduce stress. It's even been shown that just chanting "Ohm-Coca-Cola, Ohm-Coca-Cola, Ohm-Coca-Cola, Ohm-Pepsi" over and over and over again that can lower your blood pressure. Now, I don't know what this has to do with spirituality, but it could work.

In modern life we're constantly chasing after everything in the external world. Meditation is about peace. It's about finding joy and happiness inside you. You will never find peace in any external object. After a while, any external object you get will most likely become boring and lose its appeal.




Many people have internal demons that tear them apart. Meditation can help free you from these demons. Meditation can free you from your incessant wants and desires, which keep you spinning like a hamster on an exercise wheel, continually seeking one thing after another. Meditation can eventually bring you a sense of compassion, a sense of balance and a sense of wisdom.

Meditation can teach you to let go of the things that you probably know you'd really be better off without. Most people don't really want to hate. Most people don't want to be constantly wrenched with anger. Anger in itself is natural, but most of the time it only makes you miserable. The inside of your body becomes poisoned.

Does anybody truly want to be depressed most of the time? Does anybody truly want to have the thoughts in their mind that never stop like an endless carousel that will not allow you to rest? Peace can be extremely difficult to find in this world....

The ability to become relaxed deep at the core of your soul, to have compassion for other beings and to have a sense of balance is the most valuable endeavor you can undertake in this life.