AC/DC - Highway To Hell [1979][2003][Japan Remaster]





01. Highway To Hell  
02. Girls Got Rhythm  
03. Walk All Over You  
04. Touch Too Much  
05. Beating Around The Bush  
06. Shot Down In Flames  
07. Get It Hot  
08. If You Want Blood (You've Got It)  
09. Love Hungry Man  
10. Night Prowler  





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



AC/DC are an Australian hard rock band, formed in 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young, who have remained constant members. Commonly classified as hard rock or blues rock, they are also considered pioneers of heavy metal and are sometimes classified as such, though they have always classified their music as simply "rock and roll". To date they are one of the highest-grossing bands of all time.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Highway to Hell is the sixth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released in August 1979. It is also AC/DC's fifth international studio album. It was the last album featuring Bon Scott, who died early the following year from over-consumption of alcohol.

It was originally released by Albert Productions, who licensed the album to Atlantic Records for release outside of Australia, and was then re-released by Epic Records in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series. On 25 May 2006, Highway to Hell was certified 7x Platinum by the RIAA.[5] In 2003, the album was ranked number 199 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.

 The album became AC/DC's first to break the US Top 100, eventually reaching #17, and it propelled the band into the top ranks of hard rock acts.

The final words spoken by Scott on the album are "Shazbot, na-nu na-nu", phrases used on the then-popular American sitcom, Mork and Mindy, by lead character Mork (a visiting extraterrestrial played by Robin Williams). The phrase ended the song "Night Prowler" and closed the album.

In June 1985, a highly publicized murder case began revolving around Richard Ramírez, who was responsible for several brutal killings in Los Angeles. Nicknamed the "Night Stalker", Ramírez was a fan of AC/DC, particularly the song "Night Prowler". Police also claimed that Ramirez was wearing an AC/DC shirt and left an AC/DC hat at one of the crime scenes. During the trial, Ramírez often muttered "Hail Satan" and showed off the pentagram carved into his palm. This brought extremely bad publicity to AC/DC, whose concerts and albums faced protests by parents in the Los Angeles area. On VH1's Behind the Music on AC/DC, the band maintained that the song had been given a murderous connotation by Ramírez, but is actually about a boy sneaking into his girlfriend's bedroom at night while her parents are asleep.




