Aradhana (1962) Telugu_MHCe DVD5_No Subs_ANR Version [DDR]


CAST:-  ANR, Savithri, Jaggaiah, Kongara Jaggayya, Girija, Relangi, Rajasree, Ramana Reddy, Rita, Relangi VenkaTaraamayya, Sivaramakrishnaiah, Vijayalakshmi, Lakshmi, Rajarao, Jagannatha Rao, Rajaratnam, Mahankali Venkaiah, Jhansi, Rajeshwari, Sujatha, Veerabhadra Rao, Bujjamma, Purusottam, Rambabu, Janaki, Ramakrishna, Prasad, Nirmala, Sarojini, Gummadi (guest appearance), Nagayya (guest appearance) 

Directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao
Produced by D. Ranga Rao, V. B. Rajendra Prasad
Music by Saluri Rajeswara Rao
Lyrics : Acharya Atreya, Arudra, Sri Sri, Kosaraju Raghavayya Chowdhury
Playback singers:- Ghantasala, P. Suseela, S. Janaki, Swarnalatha, Pithapuram Nageswara Rao
    
Songs are included in MP3s
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 00. Title Music and Screen Credits_Saluri Rajeshwara Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 01.Na Hrudayamlo Nidurinche Cheli, Ghantasala, Sri Sri, Saluri Rajeshwara Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 02. Nee Chelimi Nede Koritini, P. Susheela, Narla Chiranjeevi, Saluri Rajeshwara Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 03.Emantov Emantavoye Bawa Ematakemantov oye bawa, Swarnalatha, Pitapuram Nageshwra Rao. Atreya, Saluri Nageshwara Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 04. Ohoho Mamayya Idemayya, Balebale Baga Undayya, Ghantasala, S. Janaki, Arudra, Saluri Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 05. Adadani Orachupulo Jagana Vodiponi Dheerudevadu, S. Janaki, Arudra, Saluri Rajeshwara Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 06.Vennelaloni Vikasame veligincheda Nee Kanula, P. Susheela, Acharya Atreya, Saluri Rajeshwara Rao
Aradhana (1962) Telugu 07. Ingliishulona Merejii, Hindiilo Arthamu Sadii, Ghantasala, S. Janaki, Arudra, Saluri Rao


MOVIE REVIEW:- Aradhana (1962) Telugu ANR Version
Anuradha loves Murali in college, but keeps to herself. She becomes victim of her classmate Sarala's jealousy and trickery and complains about Murali to Principal. The event results in hatred between them and Murali losing scholarship. Murali gets help from his uncle Lingaiah and goes to London for higher studies. Lingaiah in return plans to give his daughter Lakshmi to Murali upon his return. Lingaiah appoints Anuradha as care taker of innocent Lakshmi. Anuradha comes to know about their plan and sacrifices her love for her cousin Lakshmi. Lakshmi has different plans; She is in love with her brother in law Yoganandam and not interested in Murali. She asks Anuradha to write replies to Murali's letters on her behalf. Anuradha goes through lot of struggle in the process.

Murali loses his eyes in a lab accident. Lingaiah loses interest in alliance. Anuradha pretends as Lakshmi and nurses Muarli, while he is blind. She prepares for his operation with the help of their common friend Sarathi (Jagaiah) and Principal. She plans to disappear after the eye surgery, but Murali recognises the difference and insists that he wants the Lakshmi that served him. Movie ends with the reunion of the lovers.

The love between main characters is silent. The main characters do not have any duets. Apart from solo songs, all duets in movie are between Girija and Relangi.

VB Rajendraprasad and Rangarao had produced 'Annapurna' starring Jagayya and Jamuna, which won critical acclaim but failed to rake in any money. It was a script written with ANR in mind, who did not have the dates and so the role went to Jagayya. Having lost out on money and ideas, they left to West Bengal for some cinematic inspiration. They were not disappointed; after watching a number of movies, they zeroed in on the Bengali film 'Sagarika' starring the legendary beauty Suchithra Sen and Uttam Kumar. In that movie, the lead actor Uttam Kumar goes blind only to restore his sight later. With this new idea for a Telugu movie, they left to Madras to show it to ANR, who okayed it instantly. Thus started the making of the super hit movie 'Aradhana'.

The story goes something like this: Murali Krishna (ANR) is a medical student, staying at the house of a 'sahukar' (Tradesman) whose daughter Sarala (Rajasree) is madly in love with him. Murali has eyes only for her classmate Anuradha (Savithri). Filled with jealousy, Sarala creates a rift between the duo, which are cleared later. After another love triangle involving Laxmi whose father helps Murali financially to go to London to pursue further studies, Murali loses his eyesight in a laboratory accident. Anuradha nurses him back to good health, and his eyesight is restored. All's well that ends well.

Which was the very case with 'Aradhana', as the beginning and the middle were definitely not without their share of troubles. Prominent film producer BN Reddy was shown the rushes of the movie, and he said that a movie with a romantic hero like ANR losing his eyesight will never work. Well, even experts get it wrong. The movie went on to become a great success.

Apart from ANR-Savithri, other characters also had important roles to play in the movie. Like the role of the Sahukar, played by Garikipati Rajarao. He lost a lot of money with the movie 'Puttillu' which introduced two actors-Jamuna and Allu Ramalingiah and took to acting in movies. Rajasree had a miniscule role in this movie, but later went on to become an established actor.

Jhansi, Kalyani and Rajeshwari were cast in the roles of medical students. Jhansi acted in movies like 'Sankarabharanam' and produced many movies later on, Kalyani went on to become an established dancer while Rajeshwari is the mother of the ever-popular Sridevi.

Director V. Madhusudhana Rao
(Later known as 'Victory' Madhusudhana Rao)
The comedy in the movie had a purpose. The drama was intense (and overdone, like most movies those days) so to provide relief to the viewer, every intense scene would be followed by a comic interlude. Relangi's 'Dingutaka' became slang while his comedy with Girija generated many a laugh. They even had two songs picturized on them. Savithri had two songs picturized on her, while ANR, the lead, had only ONE song on him! This movie blatantly defied conventions.

The music by Saluri Rajeswara Rao was a highlight in this movie. 'Naa Hrudayam Lo Nidurinche Cheli' danced its way into people's hearts. Sri Sri wrote this song, which took everyone by surprise. When asked who rests in his heart, he promptly replied 'Communism'. Incidentally, the song shows ANR playing the piano. The close-up shots of him playing the piano were actually done by Saluri's elder son. Definitely the first 'Fingers Dupe' ever.


TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Codec: MPEG-2
Video Bitrate: 4514 kbps
Video Resolution: 720x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec:  AC3
Audio Bitrate: 448kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 6
Audio Languages: Telugu
RunTime: 2:35:42
Subtitles: NONE
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]   
Duration: 2:35:42

