Claire Robbins is overwhelmed with COCK! Huge black cock, deep throat abuse and orgasms! | Claire Robbins | Matt Williams
            
April 24, 2013

  
MP4 only.


Claire Robbins IMHO is the cutest, sweetest girl in the 
industry today. We feel blessed to have her on the pages of 
the fastest growing (BaRS) Bondage and Rough Sex site in the 
world. 

Claire looks so cute in her sun dress and thigh highs. We toss 
her a gag and make her put it on tightly. We throw her 
handcuffs and make her cuff herself. Now she is completely 
helpless. We add a custom leather blindfold to the mix and now 
we have a nervous helpless girl. 

Jack and The Williams go in and manhandle cute Claire by 
tossing and turning her every direction. We grope and molest 
Claire right down to her knees. Cocks come at her from all 
directions, and soon her mouth is stuffed with HUGE black 
cock. 

The two boys go to town on Claire's helpless throat. This is 
bound skull fucking at it's best. Claire is one of the best, 
she can take the most intense deep throat fucking for as long 
as it's given. This girl is in a league that few even know 
exist when it comes to cock sucking. Within minutes Claire is 
loopy and heading toward subspace from the intense face 
fucking. 

We pull her up on a table and now the cocks are coming from 
both directions. She is fucked air tight, one cock all the way 
down her throat, the other knocking on her cervix. It is 
bondage and rough sex at it's best with outall the 
uncomfortable SM pain stuff. 

Claire is fucked and vibrated to several brutal orgasms. She 
is left helpless, moaning, drooling, and cumming, the Four 
Horseman of BaRS sex. With all of her deep spit coated on her 
upside down face, eyes and in her nose, Claire can't see, can 
barely breathe, but is still cumming nonetheless. We partially 
suspend her by one ankle, upside down from the table. There 
she will await our return, covered in her own slime and deep 
in subspace...

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/04_24crobbins/SexuallyBroken-Claire-Robbins-Matt-Williams-Claire-Robbins-is-overwhelmed-with-COCK-Huge-black-cock-deep-throat-abuse-and-orgasms.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

