RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES (THE NA5555TY MAN EDIT)

Daft Punk’s RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES is a really good album, and it’s exactly the album Daft Punk wanted to make. It’s also an album a lot of Daft Punk fans weren’t hoping for. I knew this wouldn’t be like any other Daft Punk album before listening to it for the first time, so I was not disappointed by what I heard. 

I did find, however, that the order and construction of the songs made for an incohesive listening experience.  So I decided to try my hand at a fan edit of the album - to create a version of the album that I would want listen to again and again. Although songs are altered, this isn’t really a remix album - I’ve added no sounds other than what already existed on the record. 

I’ve decided to share this with the public in hopes that others will enjoy it. But don’t forget to purchase the original album - I intend on picking up a vinyl copy as soon as it’s available. 

Here is a track-by-track breakdown of how I’ve reconstructed the album:

1 - “Give Life Back to Music” (feat. Nile Rodgers) - No need to change this song or its placement. It’s a nice little stomper that introduces the album well and doesn’t have anything jarring or weird.

2 - “Giorgio by Moroder” feat. Giorgio Moroder - First of all, this is such a great synth riff - I can’t get sick of it. With all due respect to Daft Punk and Giorgio Moroder, however, I did quickly get sick of Moroder’s voiceover, so I got rid of everything he says - except a hat tip at the end, where he says his name.  I moved around some of the parts and cut out some of the jazzy solos.  The result is a pretty propulsive instrumental on the second track, not unlike “Aerodynamic” on DISCOVERY - putting a (great) ballad like “The Way of Love” in second position didn’t seem right to me.

3 - “Instant Crush” (feat. Julian Casablancas)- I firmly believe in putting your best three up-tempo songs in the first three tracks, and I think “Instant Crush” is quite good, although it’s basically a Strokes song in falsetto (I continue to like what Julian Casablancas and The Strokes have been releasing, so this is not a problem to me).  No need to edit, but it feels good placed right after this new version of “”Giorgio”.

4 - “The Game of Love” - Again, great ballad. Really atmospheric. Works better in fourth position than second.

5 - “Beyond” - I probably would have cut out the 45-second orchestral intro, but it bleeds into the first line of the lyrics. That said, it’s not bad - it’s just a little over-the-top. I honestly didn’t know where to put this. It’s a hard one to place - this just didn’t disrupt the flow of everything else I was building.

6 – “Get Lucky” (feat. Pharrell & Nile Rodgers) - Good spot for something more dancey. I seriously considered cutting this entirely, since it’s a little too on the nose as a disco/soul song, but since it’s the lead single, I figured I had to put it in. The album edit was too long, just adding in more repetitive Pharrell vocals, and extending the intro and outro. I figured out a way to shorten it, and make it a little more Daft Punk by adding and blending the robotic vocals with Pharrell’s. I also dropped out a couple “ahs” and “uhs” from the first verse, because I though they were annoying, even though I’m quite sure they were deliberately placed. At this point, I will note that I cut “Lose Yourself to Dance”, because I think one disco/soul song sung by Pharrell is enough for the album. Let’s call it a b-side.

7 - “Touch” (feat. Paul Williams) - Well, what can I say about this song? It’s pretty weird. I must admit that I didn’t enjoy Paul William’s vocals, so I cut them, even though they are basically the heart of the song. They just stood out too much on the album. Also, I had to cut out that ragtime part – so weird. So basically it’s an eclectic, experimental song that ends abruptly. I kind of like that it ends so abruptly and launches into the next track.

8 - “Doin’ It Right” (feat. Panda Bear) – Nice little song with a trappy beat. No need for changes. I think it’s placed well now, instead of right at the end of the album.

9 - “Motherboard” – What a pleasant little song – sounds like something that could have fit on Air’s Talkie Walkie - I just had to cut out all those gross noises in the middle that stops the song dead. The cut isn’t the most elegant, but I think it makes a more coherent song. Also, I tagged a cookie to the end – a segment from “Fragments of Time”. I very much dislike that song, so removed the song as a whole, but felt it deserved an acknowledgement, since there is a reference to the album title in the lyrics.

10 - “Within” feat. Chilly Gonzales  Fairly minor cut here – the piano intro wasn’t doing anything for me, so out it went.  I think this fits very well between “Motherboard” and “Contact”.

11 - “Contact” feat. DJ Falcon - A grand finale. What an intense song once it kicks in. I considered cutting the astronaut intro, but decided against it - the song deserves the build up, and the astronaut transmissions are more re-listenable than Giorgio Morodor’s monologue about his early career on “Giorgio”. I didn’t need the 90 seconds of noise at the end, although it is impressive, so I cut that short.

-Na5555ty Man


