Another torrent from pirates-vault.com

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site: FTV Girls / First Time Video

Team: 
http://pirates-vault.com/

More FapTastic freebies here: 
https://thepiratebay.se/user/P-vault

and here: 
http://pirates-vault.com/forum.php

Enjoy!

Storyboards and screenshots:

 
http://bayimg.com/CaKnCaaep 
http://bayimg.com/CaknDaaep 
http://bayimg.com/caKneAaEP 
http://bayimg.com/cAkNFaaEp 
http://bayimg.com/CAKNGAaep 
http://bayimg.com/CAKnhAAep 
http://bayimg.com/cAKnIAAEP 
http://bayimg.com/cAKNjAaEp 
http://bayimg.com/CaKNKAAep 
http://bayimg.com/CakNLaAeP 
http://bayimg.com/cAKNMaaep 
http://bayimg.com/cAkNnaaep



Model Comments: Nice to have me back again!  Its my fourth time, and I have to say coming to FTV is like a home away from home.  I see the photographer as my friend and always enjoy working with him.  I don't know why but every time I do another shoot I start with some anxiousness and get nervous about it.  Sorry if I start to giggle because of it here and there but I get over it soon enough!  I'd never used the vibraking before and its an amazing tool but maybe just a little too strong for me.  I mixed it up with some penetration that helps me get there.  The photographer asked me if I've ever had sex while using a vibrator on my clit and I must admit I haven't but now I'll definitely consider it.  He told me to bring some bikinis and now I know why!  I didn't think I could get the top in and it took some time but it happened!  The water hose was fun and I liked the feeling afterwards.  Just the backwards in part can be a bit rough on the inside because of the material on the hose.   The gyno part is crazy and I got to watch the videos after and see what I looked inside.  Seeing how I could press my finger up and move it in there was super crazy too.  The angles the photographer gets are freaky and I can see why you guys like watching it this way. 

Model Comments:   I'm thinking that will all the crazy things we did today, if you haven't seen my first video I did back 4 years ago I'd recommend you seeing that first and see how it all lead to the crazy stuff I'm able to do now.  I remember using that large flesh colored dildo in my red dress and thinking 'its impossible' but being able to do it and surprising myself.  The photographer also said to bring a sporty themed outfit and now I know why!  I'm still very shy about doing nudes outside, but we ended up on a roof where all these homes could watch me do the baseball bat and balls anyway!  Like the large dildo I didn't know if I could do the bat, but its rounded edge definitely helps.  I went pretty deep, didn't I?  The balls were crazy stuff and its cool I could still hit the balls right on mark like when I used to play softball in high school.  And the soda drink, well I don't drink sodas at all but why not a little just for the shoot!  The can is just about the right size and shape for my vagina so the whole thing fits in.  I hope I didn't make a sticky mess of the bathroom because I know how sugar sodas leave a sticky mess if not cleaned up! 

Model Comments: With all the outfits the photographer wanted, I really did want a few with my new red dress I got.  So we did the cucumber scene with the red dress.  It looks good with all the green in the background and in my vagina right?  When I saw how many of these cucumbers were sitting on the table I was like 'oh no, I know how many he's going to want me to use!'  Three of them were ok, but the fourth was really pushing my vagina wide in all directions.  Then number five! Yikes!  I can read the photographer well and I knew what he'd ask next.  Something up my butt!  I don't have anal sex in my private life and so I really hadn't had anything up there since my last shoot with FTV.   I then get to use that plastic cone that was similar to the glass one I used last time.  I actually really liked the pictures of me riding the glass toy and the purple heels that went with it.  It was kinky and sexy together.  The plastic cone feels better than the glass one probably because it gives way and molds to my vagina and I can ride it better.  Also helps that I'm on carpet this time and not on a tile floor!  I liked the feeling of this one.  Then comes my fisting scene which many fans seem to go crazy over!  I haven't fisted myself since my last shoot here let alone get fisted by a guy!  I think a girl named Danielle was supposed to come and fist me but she couldn't make it so I get fisted by the photographer instead!  His hands are twice the size of mine and it really was the greatest effort getting it in me.  It wasn't comfortable at all when its going in, but once its in its like relief!  I think on this shoot I pushed my limits more than the last time.  Also I haven't been having sex much lately (broke up with my bf a few months ago) so my vagina was asleep until it got the rude awakening of a lifetime! 



