MP3 version wins!
Courtesy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
Show description:

Date:
06-11-13
Host:
George Noory
Guests:
L. A.  Marzulli,                   Barbara   Garson
Author and researcher L.A. Marzulli discussed his ongoing work on the 'Watchers' and the cosmic battle instigated by the Nephilim or fallen angels, whom he believes have tinkered with mankind's DNA. He shared his startling discovery in Peru of what might be Nephilim skulls (see related photos). In Paracas, on the coast of Peru, he and Richard Shaw, the director of the 'Watcher' series, visited a necropolis, a huge desert cemetery, and a museum that had some forty skulls originally from the graveyard. While some of the elongated heads were shaped by "cradle-boarding," a type of skull binding that led to cranial deformation, others appear to be genuinely anomalous, having just one parietal plate, he detailed. Some of the skulls also have a large pronounced ridge, and a heart-shaped dome in the rear that can't be achieved through cradle-boarding, he continued. "I believe we are looking at some sort of genetic manipulation...that are the remains of the Nephilim," from around 3,000 to 3,500 years ago, he added.  
They brought back a red hair sample from one of the Peruvian skulls, and arranged for comparative spectroscopic tests with other samples. Curiously, the ancient Peruvian hair matched the patterns of a blond hair of an alleged alien hybrid, Marzulli reported (he contends that the aliens associated with abductions are actually the Nephilim). In the days of Noah, there was an ancient grid system that covered the planet which worked with megalithic structures, he said, and he believes he saw remnants of this in Peruvian locations such as at Cuzco. This ancient grid was used by the Nephilim to enslave humankind, and now according to biblical prophecy, the modern grid system (satellites etc.) will be used to control the population, he warned. 
A site known as American Stonehenge in New Hampshire is thought to be around 4,000 years old, and he said it shows evidence that human sacrifice took place there, and may have been another location of the ancient Nephilim. Marzulli believes that the Antichrist figure will be a hybrid or Nephilim, and when he comes into power, you won't be able to buy, sell, or trade without the 'mark,' which once accepted will alter people's DNA, turning them into Nephilim or "the seed of the serpent." 
Recessionary Times
First hour guest, author Barbara Garson talked about the lasting effects of the economic recession, and how many Americans are struggling to get by, particularly younger people saddled with student loan debt and poor job prospects. A lot of young adults are realizing that their economic situation is worse than what their parents experienced at their age, she noted. American companies have moved jobs overseas, and are now looking for customers there as well-- "it's as if a lot of our large companies have given up on America," she remarked. 
News segment guests: Douglas Hagmann, Robert Zimmerman
Website(s):
 lamarzulli.net
 lamarzulli.wordpress.com
 downtheupescalator.com
Video(s):
 The Watchers 6
 Watchers 5-DVD Set
Book(s):
 On the Trail of the Nephilim
 The Nephilim Trilogy
 Down the Up Escalator
