  Guns N' Roses - Appetite for Destruction (1987) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 1987
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Heavy Metal
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 5,800 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 192,000 Hz

  01. Welcome To The Jungle
  02. It's So Easy
  03. Nightrain
  04. Out Ta Get Me
  05. Mr. Brownstone
  06. Paradise City
  07. My Michelle
  08. Think About You
  09. Sweet Child O' Mine
  10. You're Crazy
  11. Anything Goes
  12. Rocket Queen

  Guns N' Roses' debut, Appetite for Destruction was a turning point for hard rock in the late '80s -- it was a dirty, dangerous, and mean record in a time when heavy metal meant nothing but a good time. On the surface, Guns N' Roses may appear to celebrate the same things as their peers -- namely, sex, liquor, drugs, and rock & roll -- but there is a nasty edge to their songs, since Axl Rose doesn't see much fun in the urban sprawl of L.A. and its parade of heavy metal thugs, cheap women, booze, and crime. The music is as nasty as the lyrics, wallowing in a bluesy, metallic hard rock borrowed from Aerosmith, AC/DC, and countless faceless hard rock bands of the early '80s. It's a primal, sleazy sound that adds grit to already grim tales. It also makes Rose's misogyny, fear, and anger hard to dismiss as merely an artistic statement; this is music that sounds lived-in. And that's exactly why Appetite for Destruction is such a powerful record -- not only does Rose have fears, but he also is vulnerable, particularly on the power ballad "Sweet Child O' Mine." He also has a talent for conveying the fears and horrors of the decaying inner city, whether it's on the charging "Welcome to the Jungle," the heroin ode "Mr. Brownstone," or "Paradise City," which simply wants out. But as good as Rose's lyrics and screeching vocals are, they wouldn't be nearly as effective without the twin-guitar interplay of Slash and Izzy Stradlin, who spit out riffs and solos better than any band since the Rolling Stones, and that's what makes Appetite for Destruction the best metal record of the late '80s.