





 
http://oronreseller.us/img-518e8a6050d8c.html 
 
http://oronreseller.us/img-518e8a6080026.html 




Jasmine Jones – The Cream Pied Lady Executive
 Released: May 9, 2013

 When young men need career guidance, they seek help from Mrs. Jasmine Jones. She has guided the pathways of many a strapping fellow. Mrs. Jones is extra-solicitous to Johnny and he to her. He politely points out her nip-slip. She isn’t embarrassed. Especially since he dives for it and sucks it hard. Mrs. Jones might as well lock her office for the rest of the day. She’s going to be a little busy. “How about the other one, Johnny?” Mrs. Jones asks, pulling out her other massive and gorgeously shaped tit for him to deeply suck. Johnny seizes the pair and squeezes them, popping them in his mouth. His tongue drives her fucking crazy. Johnny devotes plenty of nipple-tasting time to Mrs. Jones’ twin peaks. He pulls and tweaks them. The nipple play hardens her pointers and also tweaks her pussy. She wants his big bat and sinks to her knees. Pulling his pants down and getting a grip on his cock, the brunette career exec squishes his boner between her big boobs and squeezes hard. She strokes it and uses it like a hammer to tap her tits. Spitting on his cock, she wraps her massive mams around them again and jug-jerks him. Her technique is flawless. It’s the tit-fuck of tit-fucks. Mrs. Jones wants his hefty dick in her mouth. She attempts to swallow as much of it as she can in a throat-filling blow job and ball sucking. Johnny helps her out by pulling her head in. His dick is covered in her mouth juices from the saliva build-up from trying to throat his shaft. Johnny should feel grateful that this professional is helping him so expertly in determining his future. Mrs. Jones is no head sucker. She is a true oral expert. Johnny strips Mrs. Jones of her clothing and sits on her desk. Standing, she bends forward to take his meat in her mouth again. His helpful hand firmly guiding her head down on his dick to throat as much as she can throat. After Mrs. Jones has enjoyed his cock, she wants her cunt filled to the brim. Now Johnny knows why she has those couches in her office. He is more than eager to get Mrs. Jones under him on that couch so he can have her pussy and make her his cock slave. Her big, fleshy ass is a delight to squeeze and feel as she rides his dick. Johnny doesn’t know what his long-term future is but he knows his immediate future is to load Mrs. Jones’ pussy-hole with a large injection of his sperm and watch her as she gleefully squeezes it out for his viewing pleasure. She may even make him come back for future counseling sessions.