Beck - Mixed Bizness [promo].VOB


Very HQ rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Mixed Bizness" is the second single from Beck's 1999 album, Midnite Vultures. Released in 2000, the CD release included five non-album tracks/remixes. It peaked at number 34 in the UK Singles Chart. The Glasgow- based night club and agency Mixed Bizness was named after this song. 

Beck Hansen (born Bek David Campbell, July 8, 1970) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, known by the stage name Beck. 

The four-time platinum artist rose to underground popularity with his early works, which combined social criticism with musical and lyrical experimentation. He first earned wider public attention for his breakthrough single "Loser", a 1994 hit. Beck is known for creating musical collages of a wide range of styles. 

Beck's 1996 album Odelay was awarded Album of the Year by the American magazine Rolling Stone and by UK publications NME and Mojo. Odelay also received a Grammy nomination for Album of the Year. Both Odelay and Sea Change appeared on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. 

Beck was born in Los Angeles, California, to David Campbell, a Canadian musician, and Bibbe Hansen, a visual artist and former Warhol superstar. His father is of Scottish heritage and his mother is half Norwegian, a quarter Jewish and a quarter Swedish. His maternal grandfather is Al Hansen, a visual collage artist of the Fluxus school of art. Beck's paternal grandfather was a Presbyterian minister. When his parents separated, Beck stayed with his mother and brother in Los Angeles, where he was influenced by the city's diverse musical offeringsΓÇöeverything from hip hop to Latin music and his mother's art sceneΓÇöall of which would later reappear in his recorded and published work. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beck 
      
http://bayimg.com/faLdbaaEE 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 8000kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 384kbps
   Duration: 00:03:50




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.6


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	