Be fast, be first and be famous as the race returns in GRID 2, the sequel to the BAFTA-award winning, multi-million selling Race Driver: GRID. Experience aggressive racing against advanced AI and become immersed in the race with GRID 2’s new TrueFeel™ Handling system which powers edge of control exhilaration behind the wheel of every iconic car. The next generation of the EGO Game Technology Platform delivers genre-defining visuals and jaw-dropping damage as you prove yourself across three continents in a new, evolving world of motorsport. Earn fame, fans and fortune as you blaze your way to the top in intense, relentless races on licensed circuits, beautifully realised city streets and lethal mountain roads. GRID 2 will also set the new standard for multiplayer racing with innovative modes, an entirely separate progression system and deep integration with RaceNet, the free online extension for Codemasters Racing games.

Grid 2 Is Racing, Redefined.

Key Features

The race comes alive with GRID 2’s TrueFeel™ Handling system for edge-of-control exhilaration
Prove yourself against advanced AI in aggressive, blockbuster races packed with wow moments
Blaze your way to the top of a new world of motorsport
An extensive and separate online campaign redefines multiplayer racing games plus full RaceNet integration
Powered by Codemasters’ EGO Game Technology Platform for jaw-dropping damage and stunning visuals, GRID 2 sets the standard for technical excellent in racing.
Race a handpicked selection of iconic cars that represent the best in automotive engineering from the last 40 years
Take on challenging licensed tracks, stunningly realised city streets and lethal mountain roads
Prove yourself by entering and winning events across three continents
Race Immersion Technology immerses you in the race like never before
The long-awaited sequel to the BAFTA-winning, multi-million selling Race Driver: GRID

GRID 2-RELOADED
SIZE: 5.95 GB

Notes for game : 
1.Mount iso file with daemontools or other program.
2.Follow instalattion wizzard.
3. Play the game
4. Seed for anyone :D 