Leaning into Six Sigma - A Parable of the Journey to Six Sigma and a Lean Enterprise

Author: Barbara Wheat, Chuck Mills, Mike Carnell
File size: 586.4 KB
ISBN: 0071414320, 9780071414326 
Publisher: McGraw Hill Professional
Year: 2003
Subjects: business and economics, quality control 
Pages: 97

Description:
Leaning Into Six Sigma shows managers how to combine today's two most popular continuous improvement methodologies-- Lean Enterprise and Six Sigma--for dramatically improved quality and cycle time.

This concise and fast-paced "business novel" tells the story of how one skeptical company gradually came to understand and implement a Lean Six Sigma initiative--improving quality at all levels of the organization. This engaging story will help employees and managers understand basic quality concepts from Design of Experiments (DOE) to Analysis of Variance (ANOVA), while learning how to:

-Implement work cells and preventive maintenance
-Get rid of excess inventory
-Speed up processes 

This is the book you will want everyone in your company to read before you start your Lean Six Sigma deployment. 

Written by professionals who have successfully rolled out Lean Six Sigma in numerous organizations, Leaning Into Six Sigma uses a fast-paced business story to explain how to combine today's two leading improvement methodologies -- Lean Enterprise and Six Sigma -- for dramatically improved quality and cycle times. 

The book tells the tale of a company in crisis that had to improve to stay in business -- and how management and employees decided to implement a Lean Six Sigma initiative, overcoming challenges along the way. 

The story is designed to introduce everyone in an organization to problem-solving strategies that get rid of excess inventory, speed up processes, and improve quality at all levels. 

Using simple language, the authors explain the basic quality concepts of Lean Six Sigma, including
-The 5 S's = Sifting, Sorting, Sweeping and Washing, Spic and Span, and Self-Discipline
-MAIC (Measure, Analyze, Improve, Control)
-DOE (Design of Experiments)
-ANOVA (Analysis of Variance) 

Help your organization understand the need for change and begin to implement it by Leaning Into Six Sigma.

About authors:
Barbara Wheat is the Director of Six Sigma for Ingersoll-Rand Tool and Hoist Division, where she brings the tools and techniques of both Lean Enterprise and Six Sigma together to institutionalize a world-class system of continuous improvement.

Chuck Mills has taught and implemented Lean Enterprise tools and techniques to forward-thinking organizations both in the United States and Europe.

Mike Carnell is President of Six Sigma Applications, one of the oldest and most experienced Six Sigma providers.