Walking Tall (2004)

Dutch
Chris Vaughn verlaat het leger en keert terug naar zijn woonplaats om een nieuw leven te beginnen.
Daar aangekomen blijkt dat zijn oude high school-rivaal Hamilton, de oude molen van het stadje voor zijn eigen criminele gewin gebruikt.
Het gevolg is dat Chris' woonplaatsje barst van de criminaliteit en het geweld.
Met behulp van zijn oude maatje Ray wordt Chris tot de nieuwe sheriff gekozen en belooft de praktijken van Hamilton te stoppen.
Remake van de gelijknamige film uit 1973.

Englisch
After eight years serving the U.S. Army Special Forces, Sergeant Chris Vaughn returns to his hometown seeking for a job in the local mill.
He is informed by Sheriff Stan Watkins that the mill was closed six months ago and now the Wild Cherry Casino,
owned by his former high school friend Jay Hamilton, is the major source of jobs and income to the town.
Chris goes home, and meets his best-friend Ray Templeton, who organized a football game with their friends.
After the game, Jay invites Chris and his friends to spend the night in his casino on him,
but when Chris finds that the casino stick-man is cheating with the dices, he fights against the security men and is almost killed by them.
When his nephew Pete has an OD with amphetamines sold by the security men of the casino,
Chris realizes that the town is dominated by the mobsters and the corrupt sheriff and with a huge piece of wood,
he breaks the casino and the criminals. He is prosecuted and in the trial, he promises to the jury and 

Spot Information
Source............: DVDRIB
Formaat...........: DVD5
Video.............: PAL / 16:9
Genre.............: Action / Crime
Subs..............: Dutch
Menu..............: No
jaar uitgave......: 2004
Cover & label.....: Yes
Audio.............: Englisch
Speelduur.........: 86 minutes
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0351977/
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/15225

Seeden wordt op prijs gesteld, om deze torrent in leven te houden

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.