Get Started Growing Delicious, Healthy Food
Imagine stepping out your kitchen door earlier on a summer morning. The sun is brilliant, the air is moist and fresh, and the heat hasn't yet begun to build. You wander through your own special place... the garden. And what do your wondrous eyes behold? A fat, juicy, red tomato! Green beans, fruit that looks ready to burst and more.

For some of us, there is just nothing greater than growing food right outside the door. Each year, thousands of people try their hand at growing food for the first time. Food that you grow at home is the freshest you can get. There is no time delay between picking it and eating it. The food is more nutritious because you harvest it right at the perfect time.

Growing your own food means that you can make sure there are no chemicals and harmful toxins making their way onto your plate, or the plates of your children.

Growing vegetables can be fun and rewarding, but it can be challenging too. When you're not sure what you're doing you may find that you have an 80 percent or higher failure rate the first time.

This gardening guide is designed to help give you a beginner's edge. If you've never grown vegetables before, you will welcome the wealth of information available here. Unlike many gardening books, this one focuses on explaining the basics. We keep everything as simple as we can so that you're not feeling overwhelmed before you even put a seed in the ground. At approximately 90 pages, it's a quick and easy read.

Some of the Vegetable Gardening topics you'll find in this guide include:

    Knowing your gardening climate
    Choosing the best location for growing vegetables
    How to plan your garden design
    How to plan your garden space
    How to select which vegetables to grow
    Should you plant seeds or seedlings?
    How to deal with garden diseases and pests
    How to plant strategically
    The pros and cons of weeds
    Can you give your garden too much water?
    10 Popular veggies and tips on growing them

I believe whole heartedly in experimenting and having fun with gardening. Some may argue that successful gardening is a science, but I firmly believe that you should be able to have fun and have success without having to first get a botany degree.