This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2008.


Dick Dale And His Del-Tones - Greatest Hits 1961-1976 (1992)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/510B23YKFSL._SL500_AA240_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 9 page folder.)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

Dick Dale wasn't nicknamed "King of the Surf Guitar" for nothing: he pretty much invented the style single-handedly, and no matter who copied or expanded upon his blueprint, he remained the fieriest, most technically gifted musician the genre ever produced. Dale's pioneering use of Middle Eastern and Eastern European melodies (learned organically through his familial heritage) was among the first in any genre of American popular music, and predated the teaching of such "exotic" scales in guitar-shredder academies by two decades. The breakneck speed of his single-note staccato picking technique was unrivalled until it entered the repertoires of metal virtuosos like Eddie Van Halen, and his wild showmanship made an enormous impression on the young Jimi Hendrix. But those aren't the only reasons Dale was once called the father of heavy metal. Working closely with the Fender company, Dale continually pushed the limits of electric amplification technology, helping to develop new equipment that was capable of producing the thick, clearly defined tones he heard in his head, at the previously undreamed-of volumes he demanded. He also pioneered the use of portable reverb effects, creating a signature sonic texture for surf instrumentals. And, if all that weren't enough, Dale managed to redefine his instrument while essentially playing it upside-down and backwards -- he switched sides in order to play left-handed, but without re-stringing it (as Hendrix later did). ...

To read the entire bio:  http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:kifqxqe5ld6e~T1

All Music Album Review:

The records Dick Dale made with a shifting lineup of Del-Tones during the early '60s simultaneously defined surf music and redefined rock & roll. The guitarist's tone, a rapid-fire, six-string staccato snarl drenched in Fender reverb, remains one of the most instantly recognizable sounds in all of popular music. Though this Greatest Hits collection from GNP Crescendo spans the years 1961-1976, the fact is that Dale's career was greatly curtailed upon being diagnosed with cancer in 1966. Though he performed sporadically during the 1970s, he would not record again until the late '80s. The bulk of the set, then, is drawn from the albums Surfer's Choice (1962) and Checkered Flag (1963), Dale's first and third outings for Capitol Records. Included are "Let's Go Trippin'," the first surf instrumental ever recorded, and other classic bursts of guitar adrenaline like "Surf Beat," "The Victor," "Mr. Eliminator," "Night Rider," "The Wedge," and "Miserlou." The latter, the guitarist's finest recorded moment, is a six-string performance for the ages. Dale's lines seem almost too fast and manic for the music to handle, threatening at nearly every point to break through the song itself. Unfortunately, the vocal performances that make up a third of Greatest Hits are not nearly as impressive as the early, seminal instrumentals, ushering Dale's guitar to the sidelines. Still, while Rhino's Better Shred Than Dead may be more definitive (GNP misses "Shake 'N' Stomp" and "Take It Off," for example), this is a fine single disc that contains most of the essentials.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:hnftxqtgldae

Reviews and samples at Amazon:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000001OV4

Track List:

01. The Scavenger
02. Surf Buggy
03. Hot Rod Racer
04. Misirlou
05. Surf Beat
06. Grudge Run
07. The Victor
08. Peppermint Man
09. Mr. Eliminator
10. Surfing Drums
11. Mag Wheels
12. Sloop John B
13. Night Rider
14. Let's Go Trippin'
15. King of the Surf Guitar
16. The Wedge
17. Those Memories of You
18. Del-Tone Rock
19. Death of a Gremmie
20. Get Back the Feelin'
21. Peter Gunn

