Official Web Site:  http://www.ironicsoftware.com/yep/

What is Yep? Well, photos have iPhoto. Music has iTunes. But when it comes to PDFs and other office documents, you're on your own. That is, until now. Now there is Yep and there's no looking back.

Start Yep for the first time and it automatically shows you all your PDFs, iWork and Office documents. The strength in Yep is being able to see your documents and search through them with out needing to worry where exactly you saved it to. Add your own tags to documents--which is like storing them in two places at once. Yep also has the ability to automatically file documents into a simple date based folder system located in your Documents folder. The result is that its easy to keep a running track record of receipts, invoices, research papers--without having to think about where to store it.

And you might even think that iPhoto, iTunes and the Finder could learn a thing or two from Yep.

For paper.

Every house has cardboard boxes and filing cabinets full of receipts, important medical records, old letters and income tax returns, usually inconveniently stuck in the basement somewhere.

Now that Yep makes it so easy to keep all your documents organized - where ever they lay, instantly retrievable and searchable, it might just be time to start scanning some of those paper documents into your computer and Yep will help you do it. Yeps scanning is faster and a lot nicer than the any bundled scanning software you are going to find. Say goodbye to cheesy scanner interfaces from all the big scanner companies.

In addition to creating PDFs by scanning, Yep creates text files from dragged in text without any naming or filing on your part. You can create image files the same way. Keep track of your notes and thoughts without letting the dreary job of filing getting in your way. All documents Yep creates are 'normal' files on your filesystem. No databases to worry about.

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS version X.6.6 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---