Pointstone Total Privacy

Total Privacy is a safe and easy-to-use to use privacy protection tool that stops all those pesky snoopers such as Cookies, history, index.dat, competitors (and even your boss!) from finding the trail of your computer use that modern internet browsers and many other programs leave behind. All this can be accomplished with a single click on the mouse, or even automatically!

With Total Privacy you get total confidence and peace of mind for secure computer use by completely and permanently removing all traces and history of your recent activity. What's more, Total Privacy also helps improve and optimize your computer's performance. By deleting all those unnecessary temporary files, install/uninstall records and by cleaning your internet browser cache, Total Privacy will keep your computer functioning as smoothly and as quickly as it should.

Total Privacy makes use of the most advanced washing and shredding methods available today to make sure that your own private business and computer use remains exactly that - private. Get more of the full story on how the power and simplicity of Total Privacy makes it easy for you to foil the intruders who want to check up on your computer activity by following the topics below.

100% Unconditional Money-Back Guarantee!
We are certain that you will be completely satisfied with the quality of Total Privacy. However, if this Internet privacy tool fails to meet your expectations for any reason whatsoever within the first 30 days, we provide a 100% total refund! So there's nothing to lose, and everything to gain!

Minimum System Requirements

Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP
128MB RAM
10MB Hard Drive Space
Internet Connection Recommended
800 x 600 screen resolution with 256 colors
Supports Internet Explorer, FireFox, Opera, Google Chrome, Netscape, Mozilla and AOL

Homepage: http://www.total-privacy.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.