Proving your Windows Server skills isn’t a task to be taken lightly. Today’s MCSE tests against a broader-than-ever set of technologies, from Windows Server itself to the entirety of System Center. But you already know that. Microsoft’s 70-414 exam is the fifth and final hurdle between you and your MCSE: Server Infrastructure certification. 

Congratulations! The road to get here – as well as all those nights of studying – has surely been long. 

Having gotten this far, you’re already experienced with installing and configuring Windows Server 2012. You know how to administer it. You also know how to configure its advanced services, and design and implement a server infrastructure with the aid of System Center. 

But this exam is different. 

Microsoft’s 70-414 exists as the capstone to your entire certification effort. This exam doesn’t so much ask “what to do” as “when to do it." Indeed, you’ll get a few questions about Windows Server 2012 and System Center configurations, but the 70-414’s primary goal is proving you know when to implement Microsoft technologies. 

To help you prep for an exam like this, we’ve brought in one of our big guns. Veteran CBT Nuggets instructor Greg Shields has passed over 30 IT exams in his career. He’s been an MCSE almost as long as there’s been an MCSE, and he knows his way around Microsoft certification. That deep and broad experience is why we’ve asked him to produce our 70-414 MCSE: Server Infrastructure capstone training. 

In this exam prep series, Greg speaks directly to Microsoft’s exam objectives. He explains each objective in common sense terms, whiteboarding architectures where appropriate while demoing configurations when a little extra attention might be necessary. This training is no MCSE braindump. It’s a targeted study guide that’ll make you a wiser Windows Server administrator while tightly focusing on your 70-414 study efforts. 

Good luck with that final step towards Microsoft MCSE certification. With Greg’s help, you’ll be ready to prove not only that you know “what to do” in solving IT problems, but also “when to do it."