Before creating something worth, firstly you should destroy the absolute.
So, the first version of NP Box was only trial, and I haven`t thought that it would be called for.
And in the second version of NP Box I was add much more games, but unfortunately it nothing came of it, that is it unsuccessful.   
The first reason is: new modifications of Half- Life and Portal, now are doing another way, and in order to they are working, is need to imitate the Steam-account. 
In principle it`s needed to do it a long ago and it would be better, and now just the possibility to correct it.
The second reason is: after that I present the second version of NP Box, the Valve renewed the games and some content again, which had been negative for my plans.
Besides... The Valve is always spoild life to people, who create the amateur modifications and also more modifications are stopped working. In order to they are began working, it`s needed to do a special patches. 
Somebody (who are keep up with their modifications) they had been already done such patches, but someone probably couldn`t do this one, or just left off their creation.

This is the final version of NP Box, and I wouldn`t change anymore it`s complictation! It will be as it is. It has all for running modifications, and also for running another games.

This version (as so the previous) contains in itself the next games:

Counter-Strike 1.6
Counter-Strike: Source v34
Day of Defeat
Deathmatch Classic
Half-Life
Half-Life 2
Half-Life 2: Episode One
Half-Life 2: Episode Two
Half-Life 2: Lost Coast
Half-Life: Blue Shift
Half-Life: Deathmatch: Source
Half-Life: Opposing Force
Half-Life: Source
Portal
Portal 2
Ricochet
Team Fortress Classic

Also the NP Box has three extractor servers:

Dedicated Server
Source Dedicated Server
Source 2007 Dedicated Server

This is for that, If further you like some of the mod, and if you also wanted to play in it with your friends.

The fully working searching of servers are practically in all multi-using games (Portal 2 is not supported), but you can plug in only to No-Steam servers. Or at least to create your own server, (for which the liceners can play without any problems).

If you saw the inscription: (Steam Validation Rejected), during the connecting Server, that this server is licensed and you couldn`t connect to it, everything would be failed.

Probably, by the first creation of your (any) server it`s appearance in the list of server`s occured not at once. First, create the server and wait for five minutes. Then, disconnect the server and create it again.
In browser-games: (only for the games and the mods which are working on the Source 2007 Binaries (Source Engine 2007)) discard the checks (if they weren`t) on: (Show Map List). Click Renew all.

By the creation server of Counter-Strike: Source v34 it`s appearance in the browser of game which you aren`t waiting. This game was out of date and in the list of server you can see only the final version.
This version of game is in the NP Box because of:
1. There are many version in the internet.
2. Some of the mods of the earliest version are using the content Counter-Strike: Source and they are working incorrect with the content of new version.

Newertheless you can connect to the creating server. Enter to the consols of games: Connect IP, where is the IP-this is the address of server.
Write the IP address in whole, together with the port, in example: Connect 79.122.33.892:27015 

This is the version of NP Box Multi-5 are practically translated all games for five languages:

English Language - 100%
French Language - 97%
Deutch Language - 97%
Russian Language - 95%
Spanish Language - 93%

And also the translation of games is fully revisioned: Half-Life 2: Episode One, Half-Life 2: Episode Two, as so as in the previous version this games were fully translated on the another languages, because of the error.

If you are playing  in other modifications, that they will be too on your language. With the exception of that one, which has only their dubbing.
And the main thing, in order to use NP Box is needed the internet-connection.
Also your choosing language packet would be download during the Setup.

Testing...

Windows 7 x86, x64.
Speed of internet-connection from 256 KB/sec till 2 MB/sec.
Working without bugs minimum 2GB RAM and CPU 3GHz.

Expended Time...

Understanding how it`s working: three month.
Assembly: three weeks.
Beginning: one month.
Testing(including the final version)): two month.
Total time of realization idea into the reality: two years.