The F1™ 2013 Timing & Track Positioning app is the only official F1™ Timing App.
Provides over 130 hours of live F1™ coverage!
Access live timing and track positioning on timing screens and fully interactive 3D maps for all F1™ sessions over a race weekend, for the entire 2013 Formula One World Championship™.
* Follow service status on twitter - user f1timingapp *
The Official F1™ Timing and Track Positioning App is ideal both to complement the TV viewing experience and to keep those not viewing the race live, 
up- to- date with what is happening as it happens in the most comprehensive way possible.
NEW FEATURES INCLUDE: Tyre information, DRS Zones and Race Control Messages now added along with live F1™ news to your home screen direct from Formula1.com.
FULL FEATURE LIST INCLUDES:
★ TYRE INFORMATION ★
Find out which tyre type and compound any driver is on at any given time, visually represented via the Live Leaderboard timing screens. Understanding tyre selection is key to understanding how a race might unfold and is therefore a vital part of any F1™ race.
★ DRS ZONES ★
DRS (Drag Reduction System) Zones were new to F1 last year, meaning drivers could benefit from an additional aerodynamic advantage at a certain point on the track if they were close enough to attempt an overtaking manoeuvre. These activation zones are now clearly marked on the track maps and the detection point is also clearly marked.
★ F1™ NEWS NOTIFICATIONS ★

Throughout the year the App will alert you to all new F1™ news as it is issued by F1 via its official website. News can be pushed to your home screen so that you never miss an update or viewed in App, depending on your preference.
★ REAL-TIME TRACK POSITIONING ★
Displayed on our dynamic and fully interactive 3D map. You can see the position of every F1™ driver on the track at the same time. Pan, zoom and spin the track maps to focus on a specific driver or pull back to see the whole field. See the gaps and pit stops as never before!
★ LIVE TIMING DATA ★
Timing data is streamed direct from Formula One Management's technical centre at the race track to the palm of your hand. With multiple timing screens including sectors, gaps, speeds and interval data. Watch the sessions like the engineers on the pitwall!
★ FOLLOW YOUR FAVOURITE F1 DRIVER ★
Selecting a driver switches the camera to follow that selected driver around the race track.
★ LIVE LEADERBOARDS ★
Combined with live timing data, scrollable leaderboards display a wealth of data, combining visual images of the cars and driver flags with split second data.
★ PAUSE LIVE SESSIONS ★
You can now pause and replay live sessions during the events so you never miss any of the action.
★ DOWNLOAD RACE PACKS ★
Download race packs after the event to watch the sessions again and again. Perfect for tape delayed broadcast.
★ LIVE TEXT COMMENTARY ★
Lap by lap live text commentary in English, French or German, keeps you updated while the action unfolds.
★ MARSHAL NEWS - RACE CONTROL MESSAGES ★

Live to the App as it is issued, marshal news keeps you up to date on flags, warnings, investigations and track statuses as they happen. All highlighted in real time on the map!
★ EVENT COUNTER ★
An event countdown shows the time to the next session and informs when a session is live.
★ CORNER VIEWS ★

Selectable corner numbers change the view to that corner so you control the action.
★ KEEP UP TO DATE ★
Easily access a wealth of information with latest drivers and teams stats, race information, standings and latest results.
★ COMPLETE FORMULA ONE ACCESS ★
Experience each and every Formula One Grand Prix session via the live timing & track positioning feed in the palm of your hand!