Use your phone or tablet as an offroad topo mapping GPS with the bestselling outdoor navigation app for Android! Explore beyond cell coverage for hiking, and trekking.
Download topo maps for the US and some other countries in advance, so you won't need cell coverage when navigating.
Use GPS waypoints from GPX or KML files, or enter your own coordinates using longitude/latitude, UTM MGRS, or grid reference. Using GOTO makes a waypoint a locus for navigation.
This uses many publicly available map sources as free downloads. It also has some additional content available as an in app purchase:
-Accuterra Topo Map Source for $19.99/year. This can be purchased and used with or in instead of the free sources.
- Boundary maps for 12 western states from the Bureau of Land Management(BLM) for $7.99 each. Overlay for topo maps valued by hunters. 
-Content from US TrailMaps for $15.99, including:
-ATV Trail Maps 
-Whitewater Trail Maps,
-Equestrian Trail maps. 
See these in the menu under More-&gt; "Purchasing AddOns". They can be shown on top of topo maps.
You may try the DEMO version to make sure you like the maps in your country.
About topo (topographic) maps: Topo maps show terrain through color and contours, and are useful for navigation offroad. Topo maps and GPS can be used for hiking, hunting, kayaking, snowshoeing, & backpacker trails. 
You can create your own maps with Mobile Atlas Creator, or specify a custom tile server. Built in sources include:
OpenStreetMaps from MapQuest 
OpenCycleMaps showing terrain worldwide 
US Topo Maps from Caltopo and the USGS
USTopo: Aerial Photography with markup. 
Canada Topo Maps from Toporama
Marine maps: NOAA RNC Nautical Charts (coastal)
USGS Color Aerial photography 
Topographic Maps of Spain and Italy 
Topo maps of New Zealand 
Japan GSI maps.
Many of the Above sources are generally free to use.
Use offline topo maps and GPS on hiking trails without cell service. The GPS in your Android phone can get its position from GPS satellites, and you donΓÇÖt have to rely on your data plan to get maps. Have more fun and safe GPS adventures in the backcountry.
Use for geocaching by getting a pocket query as GPX. 

Besides geocaching, use GPS for recording tracks and GPS waypoints on your trip, all the while tracking your GPS quest on topographic maps. It may replace your Garmin handheld GPS. Whether your trek is through mountain or forest, trek safer by being prepared.
Here are some of the outdoor GPS activities BackCountry Navigator has been used for:
As a hiking GPS both on hiking trails and off trail. 
Camping trips to find that perfect camping site or find your way back to camp with GPS. 
Hunting trips for hunting wild game in rugged areas. 
Doing recon for a hunt or a live hunting trip. 
Fishing: mark your favorite fishing spots and navigate with GPS. 
Search and Rescue (SAR). 
Trekking the Pacific Crest trail or other long term hiking. 
Kayak and canoe trips on inland lakes and streams or marine, coastal waters. 
Backpacker trips: using topo maps of wilderness areas and national forests to navigate on trails with the GPS. Have this in your rucksack or backpack. 
Snow adventures including snowmobiling, skiing and snowshoeing.
Find your own ways to have fun in the outdoors. Be a maverick by venturing into new territory beyond cell service boundaries with your GPS. Become a pro at navigation with GPS for allsports for the outdoors.
BackCountry Navigator has been previously available on WM devices and preloaded on the Trimble Nomad outdoor rugged device. This Android version is more flexible, featured, and fun.
For a one time fee, this a great addition to the outdoor gear you bought at Cabelas, REI, or another outdoor store. Many have found the Android GPS in a phone or tablet to substitute for a Garmin GPS, such as the Garmin Montana GPS, Garmin Etrex GPS, or the Garmin Oregon GPS. This is also a cheaper alternative to the Magellan Explorist series handheld GPS.