
Creative Cloud

Adobe Dreamweaver CC 13.0 Build 6390 (LS20) Multilingual

Creative Cloud


Develop more web content, more quickly. A streamlined user interface, connected tools, and new visual CSS editing tools let you code efficiently and intuitively. And now, Dreamweaver? CC lets you share work directly from within the application, and helps you keep up with web standards by giving you access to new features as soon as they're available. Your entire creative world, together in one place.

CSS Designer
Intuitive visual editing tools help you generate clean, web-standard code and quickly apply CSS properties like gradients and box shadows. See the effect in your design immediately. No more tedious tweaking. No more switching back to the code. What you see is what you get.

Fluid Grid Layout
Construct web designs and responsive layouts visually. The enhanced Fluid Grid Layout interface makes it a cinch to design projects that display on different screen sizes for desktop and devices.

Edge Web Fonts
Bring expressive text to the party. Use the vast and ever-growing Adobe Edge Web Fonts Library, powered by Adobe Typekit?. Add web fonts from within Dreamweaver and Edge tools. Add beautifully styled typography with more control while creating pages that load super quickly.

Modern platform support
Author projects using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Develop dynamic pages in PHP. Code more efficiently using the improved code hinting and syntax coloring.

jQuery UI widgets
Banish boring buttons and generic icons. Drag and drop jQuery UI widgets. Add accordions to display collapsible content panels. Update all the button states to customize your mobile apps and interfaces.

and much more ...
System requirements

Windows
Intel? Pentium? 4 or AMD Athlon? 64 processor
Microsoft? Windows? 7 or Windows 8
1GB of RAM
1GB of available hard-disk space for installation; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on removable flash storage devices)
1280x1024 display with 16-bit video card
Java? Runtime Environment 1.6 (included)
Internet connection and registration are necessary for required software activation, membership validation, and access to online services.*