Kill Bill: Volume 1
Main article: Kill Bill Volume 1

Kill Bill: Volume 1 was released in theaters on October 10, 2003. In the United States and Canada, Volume 1 was released in 3,102 theaters and grossed $22 million on its opening weekend.[3] Volume 1 was the widest theatrical release of Tarantino's career to date,[4] and it was also his highest-grossing opening weekend to date. Outside the United States and Canada, Kill Bill Volume 1 was released in 20 territories. By November 2, 2003, it had made $31 million in the 20 territories.[5] Kill Bill Volume 1 grossed a total of $70 million in the United States and Canada and $110.9 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $180.9 million.[3]

The movie follows a character initially identified as "The Bride", a former member of an assassination team who seeks revenge on her ex-colleagues who massacred members of her wedding party and tried to kill her. During the first movie she succeeds in killing two of the five members.

Kill Bill Volume 1 is often noted for its stylish direction and its homages to film genres such as Hong Kong martial arts films, Japanese chanbara films, Italian spaghetti westerns, girls with guns, and rape and revenge.
Kill Bill: Volume 2
Main article: Kill Bill Volume 2

Kill Bill: Volume 2 is a 2004 American thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It is the second of two volumes that were released several months apart. Kill Bill was originally scheduled for a single theatrical release, but with a running time of over four hours, it was separated into two volumes. Kill Bill Volume 1 was released in late 2003, and Kill Bill: Volume 2 was released in early 2004. The volumes follow a character initially identified as "The Bride", a former member of an assassination team who seeks revenge on her ex-colleagues who massacred members of her wedding party and tried to kill her. The film is often noted for its stylish direction and its homages to film genres such as Hong Kong martial arts films, Japanese chanbara films, Italian spaghetti westerns, girls with guns, and rape and revenge.