[img]http://img594.imageshack.us/img594/4859/spartacuswarofthedamned.jpg[/img]


Plot:

Gaius Claudius Glaber is dead. Many months have passed since his defeat, and the rebel army, led by Spartacus and his generals Crixus, Gannicus and Agron, continue to amass victories over Rome. With the rebel numbers swelling to thousands of freed slaves, it has become a force that has started to challenge even the mighty armies of Rome.

Spartacus is more determined than ever to bring down the entire Roman Republic. Following the death of Ashur, Naevia and Crixus fight as one with newfound strength and determination. And Gannicus, always seeking to
embrace life to the fullest, shares his bed with the beautiful and dangerous Saxa.

Together, the rebels engage in one bloody skirmish after another and prepare for the inevitable: a full out war with Rome.

The Roman Senate turns to its wealthiest citizen, Marcus Crassus, for aid. A powerful, strategic politician, he respects his opponent and refuses to make the same mistakes Glaber and his predecessors have. With a young and fiercely competitive Julius Caesar as an ally, Crassus is determined to crush Spartacus and his rebellion.

The epic conclusion of a legendary journey, Spartacus: War of the Damned will unleash a battle unlike anything ever seen before.  



Quality over Quantity Releases Vertaling
Vertaald door Renhoek en ChillyWitch



Seizoen 3 Aflevering 1: Enemies of Rome

The rebellion Spartacus has created has turned into thousands and now with Crixus and Gannicus they begin to take on Rome. Unknowingly to them, the powers of the Empire are forced to turn to wealthy, ambitious Marcus Crassus to aid the campaign, along with a young Julius Caesar.



Deze serie wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
ga dan eens naar http://www.hetmultimediacafe.org/


Follow me on #Twitter @Koedje


DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs