  Print.Screen v2.1.2

Release Date : 2013-02-21
Nfo Date : 2013-02-21

Num. Disks : xx/01                      OS : Windows
Nfo Time : 13:37                Rel Type : Cracked
Cracker : Team Lz0              Archive : lz0.rar
Packer : Team Lz0                Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English
Protection : N/A

Requirements : .NET Framework
: Always use a firewall.
Publisher URL : http://www.devextras.com/
Publisher : DevExtras

(%01)  Keyfile / License          (%06)  Emulator
(%02)  Patch                      (%07)  Serial
(%03)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (%08)  Retail
(%04)  Keygen                    (%09)  Trainer
(%05)  Loader                    (%10)  Other

1999 - 2013

I N F O

Windows Screen Capture Software
DevExtras Print Screen is a simple yet advanced screen capture
and image editing tool for Microsoft Windows 7, Vista and XP.

Microsoft Windows comes with a built in facility for capturing
the screen contents. Pressing the Print Screen key on your
windows keyboard will copy an image of the screen onto the
clipboard that can then be pasted into any graphics program.

DevExtras Print Screen enhances this screen capture
functionality by providing on-screen selection to define
exactly what is copied, an image editor to make minor
adjustments/annotate the captured image and finally options on
what to do with the image other than simply copying it to the
clipboard.

How to take a screenshot
Once DevExtras Print Screen is installed, press the 'print
screen' key on your keyboard to capture the screen contents. It
doesn't just take a snapshot of everything, it lets you:

- Capture the entire screen
- Capture the active window
- Select a window to capture with the mouse
- Select a region to capture with the mouse
- Copy the contents of the clipboard

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install.
2) Overwrite existing with cracked files.
3) Enjoy this release

NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has
enough privileges.