Category: Health & Fitness
Updated: Jan 31, 2013
Version: 2.10
Size: 23.3 MB
Languages: English, Chinese, Czech, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish
Seller: runtastic

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 5.0 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.


Description

Track your runs and activities, improve your performance and receive live cheering during your workouts to stay motivated!

★★★★★ 4.5 stars review ★★★★★

runtastic PRO GPS Coach is your personal tracking app and all-in-one exercise app for running, biking and other outdoor and indoor sports activities.

Why download the runtastic PRO Coach?

PRO Features:

✔ Voice feedback during a workout: Get audio feedback for each mile or kilometer
✔ Live tracking: Show your friends and family where you are
✔iPod integration: Listen to your music while you are training
✔Power song: Activate your power song to give your workout a boost
✔Cheering: Hear cheers and receive messages live from your friends and be motivated to go even further
✔Interval training and coaching: Improve your performance by gradually increasing your training
✔Heart rate support
✔Auto Pause
✔Competitions: Challenge yourself or your friends. The voice coach supports you and tell you how you´re doing.
✔Split table for each mile or kilometer
✔Calorie goal: Set a specific calorie goal and use the voice feedback to reach your workout goal
✔Pace goal: Define your favorite pace
✔Geotagging: Take pictures during a workout and see these pictures online at your map trace
✔Routes: Find and mark trails and then complete your activities on your pre-planned routes! Afterwards, rate and share your routes with friends
✔On runtastic.com, prepared routes are synced with your smartphone
✔Weather and Temperature: Receive live weather information and save weather data automatically after a workout
✔Prediction of sunrise and sunset
✔Landscape mode
✔Remote control for pause and resume a session
✔Heart rate zones
✔Weather integration
✔Ad free

Features:

✔Map your workouts in real-time with built-in GPS and monitor your progress (time, distance, speed, pace, calories, altitude, etc.)
✔Personal workout diary and metrics
✔Weekly, monthly and yearly statistics
✔Mapping: Detailed live mapping and historical mapping of previous sessions (Google maps)
✔Dashboard configuration: Display preferred statistics

✔Graphs: Get charts with altitude, pace, speed and heart rate information
✔Performance analysis with lap times
✔Enjoy your workouts with the integrated iPod function player
✔Set goals for time and distance
✔Accurate calculation of elevation gain and loss
✔Manual entry of workouts: Add treadmill, spinning and weightlifting workouts
✔Share your success onand Twitter
✔iCloud: Settings are synchronized when upgrading from Lite to Pro

Don’t train alone! Sexy voices will give you feedback about different statistics (distance, speed, pace …) and our cheering feature will help motivate you.

You can save all your workouts at www.runtastic.com.

Using the online community you’ll get further analysis, metrics and comparisons to your friends. Additionally, you can choose a training plan and track your body statistics. Share all your workouts easily with theand twitter connect.

Make sports and fitness even more fun with the brand new runtastic PRO with a lot of new features and benefits!

Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.


What's New in Version 2.10

Thank you for your valuable suggestions. We appreciate your feedback and have a few great new features for you!

New Functions:
- Find thousands of routes on a map or view nearby routes on a comprehensive list
- Filter routes by distance, elevation gain, and/or sport type (routes for running, cycling, hiking and much more)
- Rate routes after an activity and/or share them with friends
- Better integration withand Twitter

Fixes:
- Speed calculation improved for iPhone 4 and older devices
- Music volume during voice feedback
- Rare issue with display of your statistics addressed

New Features from last major version:
- Support for iPhone 5 resolution
- New icons for sports activities

Enjoy the newest version of runtastic! We look forward to your helpful reviews in the App Store.
