Babysitter 5: This is the taboo fantasy of nailing the sweet young woman that comes to your home to watch the kids! The perfect blend of nurturing appeal and forbidden sex drive most men crazy and this is no different. The lovely Nica Noelle gives us another masterpiece!

Stay at home mom Michelle Lay is worried about finances, and tells overworked husband Mr. Marcus that it's time to hire a babysitter so she can go back to work. The couple's friends Tanya and Evan suggest their former au pair, Lily, and Michelle hires the young beauty right away. But Lily wants more from her job than just pocket money, and soon the teen vixen is obsessing over sexy Dad Marcus. Will a guilt-plagued Evan warn his friend about the nympho teen before its too late? Starring Michelle Lay, Mr. Marcus, Evan Stone, Tanya Tate, and Lily Carter. Written and directed by Nica Noelle.

    Scene 1. Michelle Lay, Mr. Marcus
    Scene 2. Tanya Tate, Evan Stone
    Scene 3. Lily Carter, Evan Stone
    Scene 4. Lily Carter, Mr. Marcus

Length 1 hrs. 46 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Nov 01 2011
Production Year 2011
Studio  Sweet Sinner

Actresses:
    Lily Carter [Bald IR]
    Michelle Lay [IR]
    Tanya Tate [Bald]

Actors:
    Evan Stone
    Mr. Marcus


Reviewed by astroknight  on  11/23/2011

Running Time: 106 min.

Production Date: 4 / 25, 27 / 2011

Director: Nica Noelle

The Movie: When Michelle starts looking at the household books and seeing how much Mr. Marcus is working, she decides the best solution for them is for her to go back to work. They need a sitter, and on the advice of friend Tanya, she hires super cute brunette Lily even though Marcus notices that Evan doesn't seem as enthusiastic about Lily as Tanya did. They both notice Lily going the extra mile without Michelle around, and Marcus also seems to notice that some things seem just a little off with Lily as well...


Scene 1 ∩┐╜ Michelle Lay and Mr. Marcus

After a night out for some wine and cheese with friends, Michelle and Mr. Marcus chat before Michelle lets him know that she's feeling a little frisky. They start kissing while they chat and strip down for bed before Marcus kisses his way around Michelle's chest and then moves down to eat her pussy. Michelle rolls over so he can eat her from behind before Marcus finishes stripping down and lays back for Michelle to start sucking him. They move around to mix in a little sixty-nining before Michelle gets on top for a cowgirl ride. Marcus moves on to take Michelle from behind and missionary style before spooning her. Michelle lets Marcus have a little more head and take her from behind again before he pops on her ass.


Scene 2 ∩┐╜ Tanya Tate and Evan Stone

After chatting in bed, smoking hot dirty blonde Tanya and Evan get busy. They kiss passionately with Evan quickly moving down to eat her pussy and then roll Tanya on top for some sixty-nining. Evan lays her back to eat her box a bit more before they move around for Tanya to ride him cowgirl style. Tanya sucks and strokes Evan before letting him spoon her, and even works in a little foot play for him before he lays her back to play with her pussy and fuck it missionary style. Finally Evan pulls out to pop on Tanya's stomach.


Scene 3 ∩┐╜ Lily Carter and Evan Stone

As Tanya sleeps beside him, Evan flashes back to when Lily was their babysitter. He comes home to find her on their bed wearing only a little green bra and panties, and can't resist her kisses. Evan gropes his ass before laying her face down on the bed to eat her from behind. He mixes in a little toe sucking and continues to eat her after rolling Lily to her back. She sucks his cock in return before laying back for Evan to fuck her missionary and bow and arrow style. They sixty-nine before Lily gets on top for a cowgirl ride and mix in a little more sixty-nining before Evan takes her doggie style and fucks her in missionary again. Finally Evan pulls out to spew his seed all over her front.


Scene 4 ∩┐╜ Lily Carter and Mr. Marcus

When Michelle goes away on business, Michelle puts the moves on Mr. Marcus. After cooking for him and enjoying a little wine while chatting, Lily surprises him by walking into the bedroom wearing Michelle's bra and panties. Marcus doesn't hold back, and kisses her passionately before they collapse on the bed together. Marcus pops her bra off to suck her tits before Lily drops to the floor to suck his cock. He eats her pussy before fucking it missionary style, and soon after lets Lily roll on top for a cowgirl ride. They sixty-nine before Marcus takes Lily doggie style, and he mixes in a little more pussy eating for her before fucking her missionary style again. They mix in a little more spooning and missionary work before Marcus sprays a healthy helping of dick droppings over Lily's tight stomach.


The Babysitter 5 is another nicely done adult feature from Nica Noelle. The story seems a little lighter here than normal for Nica, but there's nice chemistry between Michelle and Marcus as well as between Lily and Marcus to drive the movie. Evan Stone's skill as an actor nicely adds depth to the movie, and I love the touch of reality of Michelle going ahead based on friend Tanya's advice even when hubby Marcus thinks they should take things a little slower regarding hiring Lily. Sexually the movie works extremely well with all four scenes being more than strong. There's plenty of chemistry in all of the scenes, and I love how it's spiced up with some nice foot play in Tanya's scene as well as Lily's first interracial scene to wrap up the movie. The Babysitter 5 seems a little lighter storywise, but still delivers the same great chemistry and strong sex that one has come to expect from Nica Noelle and her features. 
