Have You seen This Porn (03.03.13) 640X352

I made this video myself.  The subject covered is porn.  There is some nudity, sexual content, suggestive scenes, possible strong language.  

Length: 1:50:16
Data Rate: 1260 kbps

check out my youtube Channel.  My name is lastcallforfreedom1

Here's a list of videos used for this project.

BBC Hardcore Profit (2009)
Two-part documentary. Tim Samuels explores the rising pervasiveness of pornography, discovers how new technology is changing porn, and questions porn films' reluctance to portray safe sex on screen.

Channel 4 - The Dark Side of Porn - Diary of a Porn Virgin (2005)
This episode gives an insight in the lives of newcomers to the adult entertainment. From the initial approach to a glamour agency and the first sexy photo-shoot to the HIV test, the audition and the first hardcore shoot, it shows the gritty reality of what working in the porn industry means in Britain today.

Channel 4 -The Dark Side of Porn - Amateur Porn (2006)
This episode examines what is going on in the British sex industry, where new male actors are lining up to do a job without getting paid. 

PBS Frontline - American Porn (2002)
Since the spring of 2002, the U.S. Supreme Court has decided several cases involving
pornography. 

Channel 4 - Addicted to Porn (2007)
Pornography is now more easily accessible than ever before - it's a click away on the internet. 

CBC - Porndemic: Sex in the Digital (2009)
Porndemic: Sex in the Digital Age investigates the world of Internet pornography, a multi-billion dollar industry whose explosive growth knows no bounds. A

BBC 3 - Websex: What's the Harm? (2012)
Nathalie Emmanuel investigates how the internet is changing the sex lives of 16-24 year-olds across Britain. Nathalie meets young people who rely on social networking sites, the latest mobile technology and webcams. For the first time she reveals figures from an academic study which shows how many people have taken their sex lives online, and exactly what they are doing.

