MY JOY

feature film, 2010, 127 min, color, Dolby SR, 35 mm, 1:2.35

CREDITS
Script Writer&Director	Sergei Loznitsa
Director of Photography	Oleg Mutu R.S.C.
Production Designer	Kirill Shuvalov
Sound designer	Vladimir Golovnitzkiy
Costume Designer	Mare Raidma
Casting	Maria Baker
Editor	Danielius Kokanauskis
Co-Producers	Lemming Film – Marleen Slot, Leontine Petit, Joost de Vries
ZDF/ARTE – Alexander Bohr
Producer	Heino Deckert - ma.ja.de. fiction
Oleg Kokhan - Sota Cinema Group
Poduction	Germany - ma.ja.de. fiction, Ukraine - Sota Cinema Group, Netherlands -Lemming Film
Distribution	Fortissimofilms
Starring:	 Viktor Nemec, Dmitry Bykowski, Paul Vorozhtsov, Olga Shuvalov, Vladimir Golovin, Alex Vertkov, Yuri Sviridenko, Maria Warsi, Vlad Ivanov, Boris Kamorzin, Timothy Tribuntsev etc.
Official website	
www.myjoy-movie.com

SYNOPSIS
Russia, present day, summer: Truck driver Georgy picks up his latest load and heads off for the motorway, stopping off first at home, where he avoids contact with his wife. His journey is interrupted by two traffic policemen at a checkpoint; and when he evades their seemingly-unnecessary attentions and returns to his cab, he finds an old man sitting in the front seat. The man asks for a lift, and, in return, tells Georgy the sobering story of his return from the German front in 1946. After the old man disappears, Georgy drives into a traffic jam on the main road. A teenage prostitute appears and offers to show him a short-cut – along with her services – and they end up at a village market. There, hurt by Georgy’s attempt to show her some kindness, she abandons him. Leaving the market, Georgy continues his journey alone and ends up lost in a field. By now, night has fallen and his truck has broken down. Three tramps appear out of the darkness, planning a robbery. They invite Georgy for a meal by the fire and offer him a drink. Georgy refuses alcohol and asks for directions back to the motorway, but the meal ends violently and abruptly…