KMSNano - The Ultimate Activator by heldigard of MDL forums
Based on the work of Ratiborus's KMSmicro v3.10
heldigard gives many thanks in his text file.
Read it and you can find out who else are activation champions.

Release File: LaNanov15.zip
Size: 29.1MB
CRC32: 3F91C13D
MD5: 417C4740D5371F31DC7FC4CF0BEE1A5A
SHA-1: EB01726E9C89ED42CD0229DB37CC14C14B583209

KMSNano is an Offline KMS Activator that emulates a KMS server in the memory of
your computer and sends activation data back and forth attempting to activate
volume versions of Windows and Office. I have personally activated KMSNano without
having my lan drivers even installed on a fresh install of Windows 7.

This is v15.  There are other earlier versions that may or may not work currently.
You should always check for the latest version before using.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Activates:
Windows Vista Business/Enterprise N/VL
Windows 7 Pro/Enterprise N/VL
Windows 8 Pro/Enterprise N/VL
Windows Server Std/Data 2008/2008R2/2012
Office/OfficeVL 2010/2013.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Retail-Only Versions of windows that will NOT activate are:
Vista Starter/Homebasic/Homepremium/Ultimate
7 Starter/Homebasic/Homepremium/Ultimate
8 core/ProWMC

N and E versions use same methods, and will NOT activate.
I am unaware of activation methods, besides purchase, for those versions.

Requirements: . NET 4.0 or Windows 8

Instructions:

1. Prescan file and then shut down Security Programs and any other running programs.
(Torrent program caused problem for me)
2. Extract the zip file. (Optional - I ran from within zip)
3. Run KMSnano.exe
4. Wait about 60-80secs while the files run in the background.
(It doesn't let you know when it's done, you can check task manager or just wait)
5. Run the Check_Activation.cmd to verify your activation status.
6. Go about your business. You can get the Win8 watermark to go away by
auto-hiding the taskbar or similar system stuff. (WindowsKey+D works also)

To fix any botched activations from other "hacktivators" or activation problems
in general, you can run admin command prompt command "SFC /SCANNOW"
I very much recommend running that command on older systems with stale system files
that may have a lot of inconsistencies.

To see if your currect activation is working, run the included script:
Check_Activation.cmd inside the zip file. That will list Windows and Office
activations. Read the included text file for more info.

Note that Pre-Release versions of Office or Windows will NEVER activate.
Get an actual release if you want to activate. (RTM or Retail)

For people trying to activate just Office, extract kmsnano.exe to a directory
using 7-zip or Winrar. heldigard mentions editing Manual_Silend.cmd
He mentions to find the line with kmseldi.exe and add /noWin and /no2010 to
just attempt to activate Office 2013. Save that file and right-click and run
as administrator. If it does not activate Office, try running admin command
prompt command "SFC /SCANNOW" then repeating the command.

Why use this program over any other activation method?
-It does not modify any of your system files.
-Because it's not a crack or a hack.
-Because it's the only way to get legit activation without using legit servers.
-Did I mention it activates ALL KMS activation software?

Change Log from v14:
Haven't seen heldigard's official changes yet, but I have noticed that the
tools are updated. TriggerKMS.exe lists version 7 now. I'm fairly sure that
this one will likely have the speed increase that v14 has, as far as KMSNano.exe
is concerned.

(Extract LaNanov15.zip to a directory. Run the "Run Trigger.cmd" to set the
trigger to check activation every time you boot and activate if less than 30
days left on the 180day KMS activation. You can edit "Run Trigger.cmd" to change
how many days activation will have before expiration before the TriggerKMS runs
kmsnano.exe *CHEER*)*

*Note that you will probably need to turn off smart screen filter for
applications and potentially allow the TriggerKMS.exe and KMSNano.exe
through any sort of firewall setups and security programs.

-heldigard mentioned that he thought there was no more work to be done on this.
Time will tell if the legendary heldigard participates further or if someone else
starts running with the baton to help fix problems with small details.
heldigard, on behalf of the rest of the people out here who appreciate your work,
thank you very much.

(Big Salute to heldigard and all the peeps who contributed to this project)
Enjoy Pirates,
murphy78-TPB