

 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 33 - Biblical Collection - Volume 05 - Icons Moses


POtHS says: Please pray for my niece Christina and her new baby and husband. She has inoperable brain cancer.   ------    

This is good for all ages.  These films are of a much higher Quality than The History Channels portrayal of The Bible.

Description:

This is one of the Best Bible Movies I have seen. Ben is outstanding.

Description:


Academy Award-winner Ben Kingsley (Gandhi) is MOSES in this awe-inspiring tale of an ordinary man called upon by God to become a great leader.

Moses is awe-struck when God, in the form of a burning bush, calls him to guide the Israelites out of bondage. The reluctant leader and his flock begin the treacherous journey to the Promised Land. However, Pharaoh intends to stop the exodus and with his brutal army traps the Israelites by the banks of the Red Sea. Yet these Israelites are God's chosen people, and the waters part, allowing their safe passage. Moses continues the chronicle of the pilgrimage to Canaan, through the life of this amazing leader and the many miracles God bestowed. MOSES is the fourth in a collectible series of Turner Original films based on Old Testament stories.

Also:
The Five Books of Moses.
Moses Red Sea
Moses Ten Commandments
Muhammad and The Law Moses The Torah and Jesus the Christ
Testament - Moses
The Bible Collection - Vol 03 - Moses - 1
The Bible Collection - Vol 03 - Moses - 2
Tom Horn -- Prophecies & Rumors of Prophecies on Trunews
--------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

 
  :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
    