[NubileFilms] Maddy O'Reilly, Natalia Star (Sticky And Sweet / 03.11.2013)

Dressed in matching black lingerie, Maddy O'Reilly and Natalia Star exchange a lingering kiss over their man Giovanni Francesco. Giovanni is content to watch as both of his women flirt and tease each other above him, slowly removing their matching lingerie until they are both nude.

Rising to his knees, Giovanni switches places with Maddy. He positions himself so that Maddy can kiss his erection as she lies on the bed, and so that Natalia can join in the fun by leaning over from above. The two girls take their time worshipping their man's hard cock, sucking and licking.

Soon, the lovers reposition themselves so that the pleasure they are generating is distributed equally among all three of them. Maddy remains on her back with her face buried in Natalia's warm juicy pussy and Giovanni's dick deep inside Maddy's tight sheath.

As Maddy grows closer to her climax, Natalia drops to her hands and knees beside her friend to tease Maddy's hard nipples with her mouth. Giovanni follows suit, sliding down his belly and using his tongue to eagerly lap at Maddy's tender nub and send her falling over the edge.

Natalia climbs to her hands and knees to present her luscious ass to Giovanni. He takes her invitation, sinking into her plush warmth and thrusting with long sure strokes. As Maddy recovers, she is eager to take part in her lover's pleasure. She reaches out to fondle Natalia's tender clitoris, inching steadily closer until she can suckle her friend's big breasts as well. With such devoted attention, Natalia is soon moaning and gasping her ecstasy.

The trio takes a moment to catch their breaths and reposition themselves before things heat up again. Starting at Natalia's sensitive feet, Maddy begins kissing her way up her friend's body. She doesn't get very far before Giovanni takes advantage of her open position and anchors her hips so that he can slide into her warm wet channel.

Stymied in her climb up her friend's body, Maddy reaches forward to slide a finger into Natalia's tight twat while Natalie takes charge of her own pleasure, massaging her clitoris as she watches her lovers move together.

After a second body-shaking orgasm, Maddy finally reaches her goal of nuzzling and licking her friend's weeping pussy. Giovanni is ready to help Natalia cum again, lying down on the bed so that his woman can crawl on top of him and slide down so that they come together in reverse missionary style. Maddy is there to help both of her lovers feel incredible, licking Giovanni's balls as he thrusts in and out of Natalia's warmth, and then massaging her friend's hanging tits as Natalia climaxes again.

Satisfied twice over, the girls fixate all of their attention on helping their man cum. They help Giovanni to his knees and take turns sucking and pumping his pulsing erection until he is on the edge of ecstasy. With a few quick flicks of her wrist, Maddy helps him finally achieve his climax all over Natalia's ample bosom.

Never one to let a delicious treat go to waste, Maddy leans forward to lick Giovanni's essence from her friend's chest. When she has lapped her sticky treat up, the two girls exchange a long kiss as they share their man's flavor.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=a61f0hx3lnkvuavefo57.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=pfuuutoujufmn3abm0u8.jpg