In the year 2022, the Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG), Sword Art Online (SAO), is released. With the Nerve Gear, a virtual reality helmet that stimulates the user's five senses via their brain, players can experience and control their in-game characters with their minds.
On November 6, 2022, all the players log in for the first time, and subsequently discover that they are unable to log out. They are then informed by Kayaba Akihiko, the creator of SAO, that if they wish to be free, they must reach the 100th floor of the game's tower and defeat the final boss. However, if their avatars die in-game, their bodies will also die in the real world. The story follows Kirito, a skilled player who is determined to beat the game. As the game progresses for two years, Kirito eventually befriends a female player named Asuna with whom he ultimately falls in love. After the duo discover the identity of Kayaba's avatar in SAO, they confront and defeat him, freeing themselves and the other players from the game.
Upon returning to the real world, Kirito learns that Asuna and a small group of SAO players have still not awakened yet. Following a clue about Asuna's whereabouts in another VRMMORPG called Alfheim Online (ALO), Kirito also logs in there. Helped by his sister Suguha, he learns that the trapped players in ALO are part of a plan devised by Nobuyuki Sug┼ì to perform illegal experiments on their minds to put them under his control, including Asuna, whom he intends to marry in the real world in order to take over her family's company. After Kirito stops Nobuyuki's plans, he finally reunites with Asuna in the real world.
Soon after, Kirito plays another game called Gun Gale Online (GGO) to investigate the mysterious connection between it and deaths occurring in the real world. Assisted by a female player he meets in the game called Sinon, he identifies and exposes the culprits, who include some former members of a murderous guild he had previously encountered in SAO.
Kirito is later recruited to assist in the development of a state-of-the-art game, UnderWorld (UW), which has an interface that is far more realistic and complex than the previous games he had played. In UW, the flow of time proceeds thousands of times faster than in the real world. However, he ends up falling into a trap set by one of the murderers from GGO and wakes up inside the game, unable to log out, with his real self left in a comatose state. Eventually he starts to question if he is the real Kirito or an artificial intelligence modeled after him.





Full Episode List

Sword Art Online 1-The World of Swords
Sword Art Online Episode 2-Beater
Sword Art Online Episode 3-The Red-Nosed Reindeer
Sword Art Online Episode 4-The Black Swordsman
Sword Art Online Episode 5-A Murder Case in the Area
Sword Art Online Episode 6-Phantom Avenger
Sword Art Online Episode 7-Warmth of Heart
Sword Art Online Episode 8-Black & White Sword Dance
Sword Art Online Episode 9-Blue-Eyed Demon
Sword Art Online Episode 10-Crimson Killing Intent
Sword Art Online Episode 11-The Morning Dew Girl
Sword Art Online Episode 12-Yui's Heart
Sword Art Online Episode 13-he Depths of Hell
Sword Art Online Episode 14-The End of the World
Sword Art Online Episode 15-Return
Sword Art Online Episode 16-The Land of Fairies
Sword Art Online Episode 17-The Captive Queen
Sword Art Online Episode 18-To the World Tree
Sword Art Online Episode 19-The Lugru Corridor
Sword Art Online Episode 20-General of the Blazing Flames
Sword Art Online Episode 21-The Truth about ALfheim
Sword Art Online Episode 22-Grand Quest
Sword Art Online Episode 23-Bonds
Sword Art Online Episode 24-Plated Hero
Sword Art Online Episode 25-The World Seed
