The ninth edition of Electric Circuits represents a planned revision designed
to incrementally improve this introductory circuits text used by more than
700,000 students worldwide during the past 28 years. While the book has
evolved over the years to meet the changing learning styles of students, the
fundamental goals of the text remain unchanged. These goals are:
ΓÇó To build an understanding of concepts and ideas explicitly in terms of
previous learning. Students are constantly challenged by the need to
layer new concepts on top of previous concepts they may still be
struggling to master. This text provides an important focus on helping
students understand how new concepts are related to and rely upon
concepts previously presented.
ΓÇó To emphasize the relationship between conceptual understanding
and problem-solving approaches. Developing problem-solving skills
continues to be the central challenge in a first-year circuits course. In
this text we include numerous Examples that present problemsolving
techniques followed by Assessment Problems that enable
students to test their mastery of the material and techniques introduced.
The problem-solving process we illustrate is based on concepts
rather than the use of rote procedures. This encourages
students to think about a problem before attempting to solve it.
ΓÇó To provide students with a strong foundation of engineering practices.
There are limited opportunities in a first-year circuit analysis
course to introduce students to realistic engineering experiences. We
continue to take advantage of the opportunities that do exist by
including problems and examples that use realistic component values
and represent realizable circuits. We include many problems related
to the Practical Perspective problems that begin each chapter. We
also include problems intended to stimulate the students' interest in
engineering, where the problems require the type of insight typical of
a practicing engineer.