Jack Taylor DVD 1 van 3 Retail DVD5 DD5.1 Pal Ned Subs

Jack Taylor - DVD 1 van 3
DVD 1 bevat de afleveringen :The Guards & The Pikemen


Filminformatie:
Misdaad/Thriller
Ierland/Duitsland

Met: Iain Glen (Jack Taylor), Nora Jane Noone (Garda Kate Noonan), Killian Scott (Cody), Frank O'Sullivan (Superintendent Clancy), Paraic Breathnach (Father Malachy) e.a.

Een Ierse serie over een ex-agent met een uiterst koppig karakter.
Jack Taylor (lain Glen - The Iron Lady/Game of Thrones) is een kei in zijn vak en gaat op zoek naar sporen waar anderen gestopt zijn met zoeken.
Bovendien kent hij de straten en wijken in zijn geboortedorp Galway als zijn broekzak.
Kleine dorpen hebben evenwel een groot collectief geheugen.
Iemand zoals jack vergeet men er niet snel.



De serie is gebaseerd op de bestsellers van Ken Bruen.

Jack Taylor is an Irish television drama based on a series of novels by Ken Bruen. Set in Galway, the series stars Iain Glen in the eponymous role of Jack Taylor, a former officer with An Garda Síochána who becomes a private investigator after leaving the service. Taylor is a man who goes looking for clues where others have not bothered to. He also knows the streets of his hometown like the back of his hand.

The Guards (TV 2010) 

Storyline

Incorrigible boor Jack Taylor is fired from the Garda (Irish national police) for brutality against a government minister. His experience, some contacts and cheap rates get him started as private eye in all but name, assisted by his even less law-abiding buddy, painter Sutton. Anne Henderson hires him, suggesting her missing teenage daughter was the latest in a series of suspicious 'suicides', which he traces to sleazy manager Ford's factory and illegal sex recordings. That turns out only the tip of the iceberg, even before Jack is beaten badly and old publican Sean is fatally run over

Jack Taylor: The Pikemen (TV 2011) 

A man is brutally murdered by an unseen assailant. We glimpse the murder weapon: A steel spearhead with a scythe-like hook on the side, mounted on a shaft. Some days later and Jack Taylor ..




 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1827447/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1547657/	


Bron : Retail DVD9 
TV systeem : PAL
Beeld : 16:9
Taal : Engels DD5.1
Ondertitels : Dutch, 
Breedte: 720 pixels
Hoogte: 480 pixels
Beeldverhouding: 4:3
Framerate: 29,970 fps
Menu : Yes
Cover :Yes

Enjoy the Movie

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.