Here we go again, with another Classic Hungarian Comic book translated to English...

The title is well-known to everybody, Star Wars - Episode IV: A New Hope - but this comic book adaptation is relatively unknown outside of Hungary, where - according to my sources - it was the most popular comic book of all times ever published and sold, probably partially thanxXx to the Star Wars hype of the early 1980s. 

The makers of the comic were Tibor Cs. Horváth & Attila Fazekas.

Fazekas is one of the most popular Hungarian comic book author, and definitely the ultimate name in Hungary when it comes to science fiction, (as hopefully you will all see when we will get to his other works.). He is still active.

The original of this release was made in 1982, absolutely un-licenced, pretty much as a pirate-like attempt - a kind of thing, that could only happen in a communist country in those days. 

About the history of the making, here is a useful link from a UK comics blog:
 
http://www.comicbitsonline.com/2012/12/14/attila-fazekas-and-the-legal-bootleg-star-wars/


As for the text of the translation, I used the aXXo subs of the films, and tried to stay as close to the original as the comic book's dialogues let me. Wherever some slight differences can be found between the original storyline and the comic book adaptation, please remember, this is a pirate translation of an originally also just pirated comic book. 

Following the advices of data9724 and LoonyLuna, to whom hereby I wish to say another big thanxXx, this is the enhanced version of the previously released Hungarian Star Wars: The New Hope.

The following changes have been done:

Adjusted the Contrast, Brightness of the pictures, erased the numbering of the pictures, some of the pages are tilted, and to make a clear distinction between this and the previously released versions, I merged the two books into one, leaving the individual covers as a marker for separation.

The follow-up of the Hungarian Star Wars adaptations, The Empire Strikes Back will hopefully be finished at around April 2013.

I am looking for native English speakers to proof-read my future works. Contact me a komics-live.com, or leave your email-address, etc at comments, please.


