Publisher: John Wiley & Sons; 5th Edition edition (29 Jan 2003) PDF 176 pages

The techniques Natalie Bray pioneered and perfected revolutionised dress pattern designing, assisting the rise of the modern fashion industry. Her teaching has had a profound influence on design, production and education and her works are classics: fashions change but the principles of designing patterns in the flat do not. This book – the most popular of Natalie Bray′s three works – covers the basic course and includes measurement and block patterns, circular patterns, simple pattern designing, yokes, dart manipulation, sleeves, collars and necklines, skirts, and the one–piece dress foundation.

From the Back Cover
This classic book on pattern cutting, by a Paris–trained expert, teacher and examiner has been established for many years as a basic book for students, professionals and enthusiastic amateurs. Over a hundred diagrams and forty plates are combined with clear and detailed instructions for making patterns, so that the practical application of the methods is demonstrated side by side with the theory and basic principles. This book covers the basic course which for many years has been the foundation of all training at the Katinka School of Dress Designing and includes measurement and block patterns, circular patterns, simple pattern designing, yokes, dart manipulation, sleeves, collars and necklines, skirts, and the one–piece dress foundation. This edition also features a Fashion Supplement which offers directions illustrated with forty illuminating diagrams for the following subjects: shirt and jacket blocks for casual wear, shoulder pad allowances, cuff and sleeve openings, pockets, wrap and strap (or placket) openings, and halter necks.

About the Author
Natalie Bray trained in Paris while connected with a Court dressmaking business in London. The techniques she pioneered and perfected revolutionised dress pattern designing. Her teaching has had a profound influence on design, production and education. Ann Haggar, who wrote the Fashion Supplement, has many years’ experience both in industry and in education, and combines her writing with teaching at St Martin’s School of Art and with couture. 