Release date: February 27, 2013
Genre: Action / Strategy / RPG / Tactic
Developer: Artifice Studio
Publisher: Artifice Studio
Platform: PC Publication Type: license (Beta) [Steam-Rip]
Language: English / French
Sound language: English / French
Tablet: Present 

System Requirements:
Operating System:
Minimum:
OS:Windows XP, Vista or 7
Processor:dual-core
Memory:2 GB RAM
Graphics:nVidia GeForce 9 series or better or ATI HD4000 series or better.
DirectX:9.0c
Hard Drive:4 GB HD space
Additional:This game requires a monitor that supports a 1280X720 @ 60hrz (32 bits) resolution.

Recommended:
OS:Windows XP, Vista or 7
Processor:Intel Core i5 or better or AMD equivalent
Memory:4 GB RAM
Graphics:nVidia GeForce 9 series or better or ATI HD4000 series or better.
DirectX:9.0c
Hard Drive:4 GB HD space
Additional:This game requires a monitor that supports a 1280X720 @ 60hrz (32 bits) resolution.

Description:
Combining action and strategy in a unique way, Sang-Froid Tales of Werewolves transports you into an epic folktale co-written with best-selling Canadian author Bryan Perro (Amos Daragon, Wariwulf), in which two feuding brothers will have to put aside their differences to save their sister, who is pursued by the Devil himself!

This time however, sheer brute strength won't be enough to save the day as your enemies are way stronger than you are. Only your wits and the ability to combine ingenious traps to setup deadly ambushes will give you a chance to see the sun rise again on your frozen piece of forest

Release Information:
Game Version 1.0.0.1 (BETA build), is identical to an activated licensed copy of the game.
The release is packaged in an installer with little compression

Installation Note:
Typical installation: (NO-STEAM)
1. Run Setup.exe
2. Copy The contents Of / NoDVD Into Installed Game Dir,
3. Play

Steam holders of pre-order:
1. Set The Folder With Your Steam-Client
2. Copy The Contents Of / Steam Into your Client Steam
2. Play
