ZUKEN E3.Series

Year / Date of Release: 2012
Version: 2012 Build 1.11 thousand
Developer of: Zuken
Site of the developer: www.zuken.com/en/products/electrical-wire-harness-design/e3-series
Bit: 32bit
Language: English + Russian
Medicine: Present
System requirements: Windows ® 7 (32 - or 64-bit) or Windows Vista ® or Windows XP ® SP3
• 2 GB RAM (minimum)
• 5 GB disk space free (minimum)
• Intel ® or AMD ® processor
• DVD or broadband Internet connection

Description of: Program complex E3.series - it is a modern, powerful and unique solution on the the market of of electrotechnical of CAD. It allows you to to execute a full cycle of of project tasks in the the field of designing of systems automated process control system and relay protection and automation in the power industry, starting from the development of the primary wiring scheme, right up up to the layout of each separate the cabinet and plan of placement of equipment. The required design documentation is available in the system in automatic mode. Built-in methods of design and innovative technology combined into an extremely powerful and effective solution.
E3.series - the third generation of ECAD-of systems, allowing to fully implement the requirements of, to be met by a modern projects and technologies automation of of production processes.
E3.series provides a unique platform for effective interaction between engineers of different specialties. it includes the generic means of work with the base of data and a fully graphical editor of the and the generator of reports. All types of schemes are developed in one design environment with a common interface and the same rules.
Multi-user version E3.series provides the user groups in real time on a common project. Automatic bonding between all the sections of the the project is much shortens the the time of his of release and increases the quality of the project documentation.
Of object-oriented platform E3.series provides the link in the real the time of all sections of the project. Flexible structure of, an outdoor interface, well-developed base is of data and many other things allow to let out projects of, the relevant all international standards and fully deprived of the of errors.
In E3.series there is no strict and fixed sequence of creation schemes. The user performs a habitual actions, and the entire the functional system is is aimed on the then the, to maximize the to simplify the his work and for enhancing significantly its the effectiveness of. The so-by editing the one time or another section of the draft, the user can be am sure, that all the the changes will be automatically are produced in those Boards By of the project, which these changes relate to. The system of in the real of time will reveal errors Developer and will give out a corresponding message and a comment.
E3.series - is the system of cross-cutting design and pass-through of control!

Installing the:
1. Install the program
2. Replace the license.dat in the folder with the installed program
