This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Drifters - Greatest Hits [Acclaim]
 
http://img204.imageshack.us/img204/5038/thumbzkr.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
Has cover art only.
AMG Bio.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Bruce Eder):

The history of rhythm and blues is filled with vocal groups whose names -- the Orioles, the Cadillacs, the Crows, the Flamingos, the Moonglows, the Coasters, the Penguins -- are held in reverence by fanatics and devotees. The Drifters are part of an even more exclusive fraternity, as a group that managed to carve out a place for themselves in the R&B firmament and also define that music, not only at its inception as a national chart phenomenon in the early '50s but also in the decade that followed. Their place in history is as complex as their role in it, by virtue of the fact that there are two distinct phases to their music and the continuity of their membership, and their extraordinary longevity -- only the Platters could claim as great a span of years as an active recording unit, though the latter group, due to major differences in the way they were organized, were far more stable in their membership and output. The Drifters can also claim a unique place in popular music history, as a major R&B group founded at the instigation of a record-label chief.

Read all of the bio at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-drifters-p4136/biography

Track List:

01. On Broadway
02. Save The Last Dance For Me
03. Dance With Me
04. There Goes My Baby
05. Up On The Roof
06. Under The Boardwalk
07. This Magic Moment
08. Please Stay
09. Sweet For My Sweet
10. Some Kind Of Wonderful
11. Third Rate Romance
12. Night Moves
13. Another Saturday Night
14. When My Little Girl Is Smiling
15. Saturday Night At The Movies
