Blue Oyster Cult - Mirrors [1979][2012]





01. Dr. Music   
02. The Great Sun Jester   
03. In Thee    
04. Mirrors   
05. Moon Crazy    
06. The Vigil   
07. I Am The Storm    
08. You're Not The One (I Was Looking For)   
09. Lonely Teardrops   
 




320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Blue Öyster Cult (often abbreviated BÖC) is an American rock band from Long Island, New York, United States, best known for such hard rock songs as "(Don't Fear) The Reaper", "Burnin' for You", and "Godzilla". Since the release of their self-titled debut album in 1972, the band has sold over 24 million albums worldwide, including 7 million in the United States alone.[citation needed] The band's music videos, especially "Burnin' for You", received heavy rotation on MTV when the music television network premiered in 1981, cementing the band's contribution to the development and success of the music video in modern pop culture. Today, BÖC's music continues to be played on AOR-friendly radio stations as well as in movies, television shows, and commercials, and even during sporting events.

Blue Öyster Cult's current lineup includes long-time members Donald "Buck Dharma" Roeser (lead guitar, vocals) and Eric Bloom (lead vocals, rhythm guitar, keyboard), as well as Jules Radino (drums, percussion), Richie Castellano (keyboard, guitar, vocals), and Kasim Sulton (bass guitar).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mirrors is the sixth studio album by Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1979. Mirrors is the first Blue Öyster Cult album not produced by long-time producer and manager Sandy Pearlman. The album is notable for a collaboration with British fantasy/science-fiction author Michael Moorcock who co-wrote a song based on his novel The Fireclown. "The Great Sun Jester" is the first of several Moorcock co-writing credits with the band.

After the success of 1976's Platinum Agents of Fortune, 1977's Gold Spectres and 1978's Platinum live effort Some Enchanted Evening, the fact that Mirrors struggled to reach Gold status was disappointing to band and label alike.[citation needed] According to interviews with the band and the production staff, the intent for this album was to make a high charting and glossy production; however the backlash felt from this attempt was a reason for their future pairing with Martin Birch, and their attempt to return to a darker sound.

"In Thee" was written by Allen Lanier. It went in to the chart at No. 74.[6] A live version is featured on their 1998 album Heaven Forbid, it features two acoustic guitars and was a popular "in concert" moment from this era. The line "Jim says some destinies should not be delivered" references the Jim Carroll Band song "Day and Night."

