---------------------------------------
Northwest Passage: A Twin Peaks Fanedit
A Q2 Fanedit
---------------------------------------

Original Release Date: 1990
Fanedit Release Date: April 2011
Original Runtime: 980 min.
New Runtime: 300 min.

Format: 720p M4V

Brief Synopsis:
Who killed Laura Palmer? The mystery unfolds in this re-edited version of the classic television series Twin Peaks.

Intention:
The idea for this fanedit came about while talking with boon in chat one day. The conversation started innocently enough: what films should remain untouchable to faneditors? I mentioned I had great admiration for David Lynch and I couldn’t see anyone touching his work. boon challenged me, asking about Twin Peaks, a show that started off strongly but lost its way in season 2? That gave me pause: I am a huge fan of Twin Peaks and have owned several versions of its release, but season two has always been a sore spot for me. After the Laura Palmer mystery was solved the show became much more a soap opera and became less compelling. That is, of course, until the last two episodes.

After that conversation the idea stuck with me (thanks boon), and so I started plotting how I would do a fanedit of one of America’s greatest television shows. Because there was so much material to work with, and so many storylines, I felt it needed to focus just on Laura’s murder and all other stories need to be reduced or eliminated.

By doing this many characters are either never introduced or have limited screen time. This may anger some fans, but in creating a “feature film” (or extended feature film, I suppose) sacrifices had to be made. But that’s why we still have the original source material to go back; to revisit a town like Twin Peaks uncensored, as originally intended by the creators.

Cuts and Additions:
There is no way to list everything that was cut. Simply, if there was a sub-plot that wasn’t needed for the Laura Palmer story it was axed. I’m sure for the purist this is blasphemy, but I urge those people to use their imagination and pretend “Twin Peaks” the series never existed. Virtually all scenes with Catherine Martell, Audrey Horne, Shelly Johnson, and Josie Packard have been removed. The scene where the killer is revealed has been tweaked extending the mystery until the end. Some footage from the final “Twin Peaks” episode has been incorporated.