American McGee'' s Alice
Year of release : November 2000
Genre : Action (Shooter) | 3D | 3rd Person
Developer : Rogue Entertainment
Published by : Electronic Arts
Preparatory data : RG Mechanics
Publication Type : RePack
Language : ENG|RUS
Sound language : ENG|RUS
Tablet : not required

System requirements:
Operating system : Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor : AMD ® ​​K6-2 or Intel ® Pentium ® II 400 MHz
Memory : 64 MB
Video Card : 16 MB video card that supports OpenGL, the driver is compatible with DirectX 7
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX ® 9.0
Free space on hard disk : 600 MB

Description :
"Alice in Wonderland" - is one of the most incredible and
bizarre stories ever to tell the world under the guise of a fairy-
tale. Now, co-author of the legendary Doom turned it all upside
down. The game easily crossed the limits of permitted when dealing
with a literary source, turning a classic story in a shell of
black humor and grotesque. Alice grew up and got into a madhouse. Wonderland has undergone a lot of change: the Cheshire cat walks
with an earring in his ear, adoring caterpillar mushrooms is suffering from drug addiction, the forests are full of monsters
and ghosts darting about the palaces. Bloody kitchen knife and a
true homing deck cards to help re-establish order Alice in
dreamland. 




Alice: Madness Returns
Year of release : 16 June 2011
Genre : Arcade (Platform) | 3D | 3rd Person
Developer : Spicy Horse Games
Published by : Electronic Arts
Preparatory data : RG Mechanics
Publication Type : RePack
Language : ENG|RUS
Sound language : ENG|RUS
Tablet : not required

System requirements:
Operating system : Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo / AMD Athlon X2 (or equivalent) with a frequency of 1.6 GHz
Memory : 2 GB
Video Card : NVIDIA GeForce 7600/ATI Radeon X1650 with 256 MB
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX ® 9.0
Free space on hard disk : 8.5 GB

Description :
Eleven years ago, Alice's parents were killed in a terrible
fire, and she received severe burns. Relentless flames scorched
not only her body but also the mind. The girl was in a psychiatric
hospital and was struggling with the demons of her upper hand,
escaping into a world of their own fantasies - Wonderland. During
the ten years of treatment with Alice recovered sufficiently to be
discharged from the hospital, though not quite got rid of the
effects of psychological injury as a result of the tragic events.
in the game "Alice: Madness Returns" Alice lives in London, under the supervision of a psychiatrist. Nightmarish
hallucinations continue to haunt her, intruding into reality, and
to get rid of them, she tries to understand the cause of their suffering. But her mind tormented, she is unable to cope with fear
and nervous tension caused by strange memories, dreams and visions. After moving to London this obsession as if made ​​more
vivid and even more insistently pursuing Alice. Maybe it is better
to go to Wonderland? It always helps ... Alice goes there in
search of what can not be found in the "real" world - safety,
knowledge, and the truth about his past. But during her absence
Wonderland has changed. Something terrible has happened, and the
once beautiful sanctuary now lodged a terrible evil. Can Alice
save Wonderland, and along with itself, from all-consuming
madness?