 http://www.gog.com/gamecard/shadow_warrior_complete

What's cool about it:

   Shadow Warrior Complete includes the original Shadow Warrior and two expansions: Wanton Destruction and Twin Dragon.
   Drivable vehicles smash through walls, crush enemies, and give you new explosive firepower!
   Use a powerful arsenal of weapons, including throwing stars, uzis and 4-barrel shotguns to take on the most outrageous collection of enemies ever created.
   Hand to Face combat mode lets you kick butt and slice 'n' dice in true ninja fashion.

Overview:

Lo Wang. The very name strikes fear in fortune cookie-eating Mafia men and small children everywhere. He is the reason most ninja wannabees have sold off their combat sandals to the local pawn shop. Lo Wang is Shadow Warrior. #1 Assassin. #1 Yakuza abuser. #1 Freak fragger. #1 Mutant mutilator. #1 Reason to be scared of the dark. Enter the Land of the Rising Sun and spread ninja charisma like napalm for there are undead sumos to be uzied, samurai to be shurikened, and bulldozers to be boarded. DonΓÇÖt forget to goose the geishas and make sure your dinghy isnΓÇÖt hanging out...

From the creators of Duke Nukem 3D, comes the ever-explosive, forever controversial Shadow Warrior, a first-person shooter that takes the Build engine to its extreme limits. Offering a destructible environment with a bevy of weapons--ranging from razor-sharp katanas, 4-barrel shotguns, and even your own fists--Shadow Warrior is sure to satisfy the hunger for some Lo Wang and not leave you hungry an hour later.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.
Minimum system requirements (Mac): OS X 10.6.8 or later. Processor: Intel Core Duo 2GHz+, Memory: 1GB of RAM, Graphics: 64MB of video memory, Recommended two-button mouse, or Apple mouse with Secondary Button / Secondary Click enabled.