The Beck Brother Series (1-2) by Andria Large in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 

Book 1: Henry (The Beck Brothers #1) by Andria Large (March 21st 2013)

Henry Beck, the gorgeous CEO of an advertising company, was in need of a new personal assistant. He expected HR to hire someone older, more experienced, maybe even with gray hair. Who he got instead was the beautiful, young, single mother - Claire Russell. A woman who he is having a hard time keeping his eyes off of...

Claire never expected her new boss to be the most gorgeous man she's ever laid eyes on. She also never expected him to be sweet to her two year old son, Ethan. But Henry is her boss and there is no future with him. Or so Claire thinks...

Will Henry and Claire be able to fight the obvious attraction between them? Will Henry's overbearing mother come between them? Or will a freak accident change their perspectives on life and what's most important...

Book 2: Sebastian (The Beck Brothers #2) by Andria Large (April 19th 2013)

After his wife cheated on him and then asked for a divorce, Sebastian Beck was devastated. The solution? Never let another woman get close enough to hurt him. His mind was made up. He would never fall in love again. And he most certainly would never get married again. Except, he never expected the one night that he was forced to protect his nephews with deadly force to bring him back in contact with the one woman he thought he’d never see again. 

When Detective Raelynn Reynolds bent some hot guy’s finger back in a bar a little over a year ago, she never thought she’d see him again. Honestly...she never expected to see him ever again. She definitely never expected to see him at the scene of a break-in that had a dead body just inside the back door. 

As Sebastian and Raelynn’s lives become more intertwined with each passing day, can Sebastian get over his fear of love to keep the one woman who makes him insanely happy? Will Sebastian be able to get over his fear before it’s too late? Before he could possibly lose Raelynn forever? Could fate really be that cruel?


Seed and Enjoy!