2 fantastic books bundled into one:

Survive Doomsday: How to become a prepper and survive after a doomsday event. – Butch S Hardcastle

Preppers Essential Guide to Surviving a Natural Disaster, Doomsday Event and Economic Meltdown – Butch S Hardcastle


Sooner rather than later an event will occur that will change human life on earth as we know it. This is a fact, not fiction.

The majority of the population of the earth will not be ready for life without grocery stores, banks, credit cards, electrical supplies and running water. As a result they are likely not to survive for long in the new world. However, a growing community of people across the global will have prepared for this sort of event occurring; they are called “preppers.” You may have seen some of the recent television series’ about these people. Preppers come from all walks of life, from doctors and engineers to bricklayers and housewives.

Preppers know that one-day a “doomsday event” will occur that will change life on earth forever. This event may be a flu pandemic, super volcano eruption or simply economic collapse. The list of potential events is long. Some doomsday events are less likely than others. But preppers will be ready, they will have stockpiled, educated themselves and be ready to thrive in the new world. Whilst around them, the mob will rule and people will fight and die for the resources that remain.

Getting started in prepping isn’t hard. But everyone should begin somewhere and have a plan in place to build on.

Butch S Hardcastle has been preparing for a doomsday event for over six years. His two “One Hour Lunch Time Read Series” books aimed at the newbie prepper are now bundled together for ease.

Survive Doomsday: How to become a prepper and survive after a doomsday event.

Butch’s first book is an Amazon best seller and gives the newbie prepper 10 tips on what they should be doing to prepare themselves for a doomsday event. The book cover topics such as food stockpiling, water treatment, car use, fuel storage, shelters, locations to bug out, weapons, medicine and education.

Preppers Essential Guide to Surviving a Natural Disaster, Doomsday Event and Economic Meltdown

Butch’s companion book talks the newbie through a range of potential life changing events and how they might go about surviving if each one were to occur. Amongst the events covered are super volcano eruption, economic meltdown, asteroid strike, flu pandemic and hurricane. 