The Six Sigma Way, How GE, Motorola, and Other Top Companies are Honing Their Performance (PDF)

Author: Peter S. Pande et al, Robert P. Neuman, Roland R. Cavanagh
File size: 7.93 MB
ISBN: 0071358064, 9780071358064
Publisher: McGraw-Hill
Year: 2000
Subjects: business and economics, quality control, management, leadership
Pages: 448

Description:
Six Sigma is a data-driven management system with near-perfect-performance objectives that has been employed to acclaim at leading corporations like General Electric. 

Its name is derived from the eye-catching statistical target of operating with no more than 3.4 defects per one million chances, but Peter Pande, Robert Neuman, and Roland Cavanagh --associates in a firm providing Six Sigma implementation, training, and management services-- contend its principles can be applied in businesses of all types to routinely reduce costs, improve productivity, increase market share, and achieve other positive results. 

The Six Sigma Way is their comprehensive self-help guide to adapting and using the system under various conditions. Its first two parts cover fundamentals and provide specific suggestions for aligning the process with individual needs and goals. 
(These include sections on balancing potential costs and benefits, clarifying objectives, and defining time frames.) 

The final part, which accounts for more than half the book, focuses on implementation through a detailed yet flexible five-step "road map" tied to a company's core processes, key customers, current performance, "high-potential improvement opportunities," and future practices. While the procedure is quite complex, diligent managers should be able to bring at least basic components to their organization with the tools and techniques provided.

This title is an implementation blueprint for Six Sigma! "The Six Sigma Way" demystifies Six Sigma with a real-world 'how-to 'guide. A good investment for any business planning to launch Six Sigma." - John Biedry, VP Quality and Compliance, Sears Home Services. 

Cost reduction ...productivity improvement ...customer retention ...these are the promises of the Six Sigma quality management system. 

"The Six Sigma Way" reveals how GE, Motorola, and numerous other companies are successfully using Six Sigma to fine-tune products and processes, improve performance, and increase profits. Now you can read the roadmap for implementing Six Sigma in your manufacturing or service organization.

The authors - who have worked with some of the most visible Six Sigma companies including GE - provide step-by-step guidance and practical implementation guidelines. 

Whether your goal is to fix a process problem or implement Six Sigma company-wide, "The Six Sigma Way" will help you develop an approach customized for your company's needs and the challenges of the twenty-first century business environment. 

"The Six Sigma Way": addresses the challenges and politics of launching, leading, and training people for Six Sigma; focuses on implementing the major steps and quality improvement tools in the Six Sigma system; and features insights, comments, and examples from business leaders and managers using Six Sigma in their organizations.

About author:
PETERS. PANDE
Pete Pandeis Founder and President of Pivotal Resources, Inc., an
international consulting firm providing Six Sigma implementation,
training, and management development services to industries from
financial services to high technology. Pete has worked in the organiza-tion improvement field for over 15 years, supporting change initiatives
in a variety of companies including GE, Citicorp, Chevron, and Read-Rite. He and his wife and two children live in the San Francisco Bay
Area.

ROBERTP. NEUMAN, PH.D.
Bob Neumanis a senior consultant and noted speaker in the area of
business improvement methods and Six Sigma. His background in Six
Sigma and quality systems includes two years with a major California
health care system, and consulting work with such Pivotal Resources
clients as NBC, GE Capital, Cendant, and Auspex Systems. Bob and his
wife live in Davis, California

ROLANDR. CAVANAGH, P.E.
Roland Cavanaghis a professional engineer who has an extensive
background in improving manufacturing and service business pro-cesses. His areas of expertise include Process Measurement and Applied
Statistics, business reorganization and Six Sigma methods. He has
worked with such organizations as America West Airlines, Common-wealth Edison, GE, and Tencor Instruments. Roland and his family
make their home outside of Chico, California.

Contents:
PART 1 - An Executive Overview of Six Sigma
Chapter 1. A Powerful Strategy for Sustained Success
Chapter 2. Key Concepts of the Six Sigma System
Chapter 3. Why Is Six Sigma Succeeding Where Total Quality Failed?
Chapter 4. Applying Six Sigma to Service and Manufacturing
Chapter 5. The Six Sigma Roadmap
PART 2 - Gearing Up and Adapting Six Sigma to Your Organization
Chapter 6. Is Six Sigma Right for Us Now?
Chapter 7. How and Where Should We Start Our Efforts?
Chapter 8. The Politics of Six Sigma: Preparing Leaders to Launch and Guide the Effort
Chapter 9. Preparing Black Belts and Other Key Roles
Chapter 10. Training the Organization for Six Sigma
Chapter 11. The Key to Successful Improvement: Selecting the Right Six Sigma Projects
PART 3 - Implementing Six Sigma: The Roadmap and the Tools
Chapter 12. Identifying Core Processes and Key Customers (Roadmap Step 1)
Chapter 13. Defining Customer Requirements (Roadmap Step 2)
Chapter 14. Measuring Current Performance (Roadmap Step 3)
Chapter 15. Six Sigma Process Improvement (Roadmap Step 4A)
Chapter 16. Six Sigma Process Design/Redesign (Roadmap Step 4B)
Chapter 17. Expanding and Integrating the Six Sigma System (Roadmap Step 5)
Chapter 18. Advanced Six Sigma Tools: An Overview
Conclusion - Twelve Keys to Success
Appendix - Six Sigma Job Aids and Worksheets
Six Sigma Conversion Table
Glossary
References

(Sorry, I have slow connection..)
