Tribes: Ascend is the worldΓÇÖs fastest shooter - an online multiplayer FPS with jetpacks, skiing, vehicles, and multiple classes.
Key Features:

    Skiing: A slow soldier is a dead soldier. By holding down space bar you remove friction and build momentum to traverse large maps, hunt down targets, and escape enemy territory at intense speeds.

    Jetpacks: Total freedom of movement and aerial, dog-fight like combat

    Class-Based Combat:  Nine classes, each with unique weapon loadouts and abilities.

    Escalating Intensity: In each match you earn credits for shooting down enemies or supporting your teamΓÇÖs objectives. Use these match credits to upgrade base defenses, access vehicles, or call-in tactical strikes. The longer you play, the more chaotic the match becomes.
    Vehicles: Pilot the powerful Beowulf tank, the speedy two-person Grav Cycle or the versatile flying Shrike.
    Beautiful, Massive Battlefields: Wage war in a variety of open environments including frozen wastelands, sprawling cities, and jagged mountains.
    DonΓÇÖt Fight Alone: Friend-list allows you to link up with others and establish supremacy online
    Spectator Mode: Highly-detailed spectator mode allows you to zoom in on your favorite players, view player data, and switch between action hot spots on the fly.

Game Modes:

    Team Deathmatch: Obliterate everything
    Capture The Flag: Bases, Vehicles and Strategy
    CTF Blitz: Variation on Capture the Flag where Flags move after every capture

    Arena: Smaller maps for intense five and five action

    Rabbit: Free for all chase after a single flag carrier

Classes:

    Pathfinder: Pathfinders have amazing speed making excellent flag cappers and chasers
    Sentinel: A sniper capable of dealing damage at extreme range, the Sentinel is exceptional at attack or defense
    Infiltrator: With stealth capabilities and heavy explosives the Infiltrator can devaste and enemy defense
    Soldier: The Soldier is an easy to play, all-around balanced class
    Raider: The Raider is a durable attacking class with weapons that can wreak havoc on defenses and packs that offer extra protection
    Technician: The Technician is built for defense and repair keeping base structures online and developing turrets to bolster offenses
    Juggernaut: Juggernauts excel at long range bombardment and devastate the exterior of enemy bases with their mortars
    Doombringer: Doombringer is a heavy defender with exceptional anti-vehicle capacity and defensive tools such as force-fields and mines
    Brute: A heavy hitter with strong but basic weapons, the Brute prefers a direct approach to combat soaking up damage and dishing out punishment

 
http://www.hirezstudios.com/tribesascend/