Modules
General

Backup management: Restore individual backups, to reverse recent changes, or delete them.
Restore Point Manager: Windows comes with a built-in feature that backups sensitive system files, e.g. during program installations. Use this module to review, restore or delete these backups.
Task Scheduler: Automatically carry out background tasks at specified intervals.
Settings: Customize general as well as module-specific settings.
Statistics: Review application performance metrics.
Analyze system

System information: Get detailed information on your machineΓÇÖs hard- and software specifications.
Disk Space Explorer: Scan your hard disks and analyze disk space distribution to identify and combat resource hogs globally or individually by file types.
System Benchmark: Measure your machineΓÇÖs performance and compare it against other computers online.
Disk Doctor: Find and detect defective files on your hard disks and attempt to recover them either globally or by individual file selection.
HDD Inspector: Analyze your hard diskΓÇÖs S.M.A.R.T. data based on the same powerful algorithm used in Ashampoo HDD Control 2 and determine the health status and long-term reliability of your drives.
Font Manager: Preview and remove installed system fonts.
Improve performance

Service Manager: Review and adjust Windows service startup settings based on recommendations and submit your own ratings.
StartUp Tuner: Improve the startup time of your PC and disable unnecessary Autostart entries.
Internet Tuner: Auto-tune your network settings for best internet performance.
Process Manager: Manage running processes and kill non-responsive tasks. Apply filters to hide system-critical processes.
Uninstall Manager: Review a list of all installed applications and remove both programs and corrupted entries individually.
Maintain system

One-Click Optimizer: Sequentially run Internet Cleaner, Drive Cleaner and Registry Optimizer to remove clutter in one swipe without user interaction.
Drive Cleaner: Delete temporary files and clear your Windows History to reclaim hard disk space.
Registry Optimizer: Optimize, clean and repair your Windows Registry database.
Internet Cleaner: Remove your Internet traces and delete temporary Internet files, clear your browser cache and erase your browsing history.
Defrag 3: Defrag your drives and speed up read/write operations. Supports Pro-Active Defrag to prevent future drive fragmentation.
Registry Defrag: Restructure your Windows registry to improve access times and speed up your Windows.
File tools

File Wiper: Protect your privacy and permanently erase files and folders to render them unrecoverable for file restoration tools. It is also possible, to overwrite empty hard disk space to prevent restoration of already deleted files.
File Encrypter & Decrypter: Encrypt and password-protect sensitive files. To decrypt, use Ashampoo WinOptimizer 10 or create standalone executables.
File Splitter & Joiner: Split up large files for easy distribution and rejoin them using Ashampoo WinOptimizer 10.
Undeleter: Recover accidentally deleted files and folders with ease.
Link Checker: Detect and remove invalid application shortcuts.
Duplicate Finder: Locate and remove redundant files to reclaim disk space. Use the available settings to specify search locations, define search criteria or add exceptions.
Customize Windows

Tweaking: Access and customize hidden system settings to fine-tune Windows to your needs or rely on pre-defined system profiles.
Anti-Spy: Protect your privacy and restrict in- and outbound network traffic as caused by Windows error reports and application remote access features.
File Associator: Customize Windows file associations and individually assign applications to file types.
Context Menu Manager: Enable/disable Windows context menu entries for files and folders.
Icon Saver: Save and restore the exact positions of your desktop icons, e.g. in the event of unwanted changes due to graphics driver installations etc.


Enjoy! (AkO Sardashti)
