Illustrated Dictionary of Immunology (3rd Ed)
by Julius M. Cruse, Robert E. Lewis
CRC Press | 2009 | ISBN 978-0-8493-7987-1 | True PDF | 801 pages | 57.4  mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Illustrated-Dictionary-Immunology-Third-ebook/dp/B0084F3XSO

From the beginning, immunologists have maintained a unique nomenclature that has often mystified and even baffled their colleagues in other fields, causing them to liken immunology to a black box . With more than 1200 illustrations, the Illustrated Dictionary of Immunology, Third Edition provides immunologists and nonimmunologists a single-volume resource for the many terms encountered in contemporary immunological literature. Includes 1200+ Illustrations, Eliminates Dependence on the Written Word Encyclopedic in scope, the content ranges from photographs of historical figures to molecular structures of recently characterized cytokines, the major histocompatibility complex molecules, immunoglobulins, and molecules of related interest to immunologists. These descriptive illustrations provide a concise and thorough understanding of the subject. Completely Revised and Updated To reflect the advances of the past seven years, the third edition is completely revised and updated and also includes new entries on immunopharmacology, newly described interleukins, comparative immunology, immunity to infectious diseases, and expanded definitions in all of the immunological subspecialities. Providing unprecedented breadth and detail, this readily accessible book is not only a pictorial reference but also a primary resource containing the most up-to-date and thorough immunological information available.

About the Authors
Julius M. Cruse is a Guyton Distinguished Professor, Professor of  Pathology, Director of Immunopathology and Transplantation Immunology, Distinguished Professor of the History  of Medicine and Director of Graduate Studies in Pathology, Associate Professor of Medicine and Associate Professor  of Microbiology. Dr. Cruse formerly was a Professor of Immunology and Biology at the University of Mississippi  Graduate School. He is the author of more than 275 publications in scholarly journals and 45 books, and has directed dissertation and thesis research for more than  40 graduate students. He is editor-in-chief of the international Immunologic Research, Experimental and Molecular Pathology andTransgenics journals and served as chief editor of Pathobiologyfrom 1982ΓÇô1998 and founded the Immunologic Research, Transgenicsand Pathobiology.

Robert E. Lewis is a Professor of Pathology and Director of Immunopathology and Transplantation  Immunology in the Department of Pathology at the University of Mississippi Center in Jackson. He earned a B.A.  and M.S. in microbiology and a Ph.D. in pathology (immunopathology) from the University of Mississippi. Following  specialty  post-doctoral  training  at  several  medical  institutions,  Dr.  Lewis  rose  through  the  academic  ranks  from  Instructor to Professor at the University of Mississippi Medical Center. Dr.  Lewis  has  authored  or  co-authored  more  than  140  papers  and  150  abstracts  and  has  made  numerous  scientific  presentations  at  national  and  international  conferences.  In  addition  to  his  work  on  neuroendocrineΓÇôimmune  interactions,  his  current  research  involves  immunogenetics aspects of AIDS progression. Dr. Lewis is a founder, senior editor and deputy editor-in-chief of Immunologic Research  and Transgenicsand is senior editor and deputy editor-in-chief of Experimental and Molecular Pathology. He served as senior editor and  deputy editor-in-chief of Pathobiology from 1982ΓÇô1998.

I have also included the second edition of the book from 2003 in this torrent for those interested.