The Training of the Pretty Girl, Day One

Mar 22, 2013 - Performers: Casey Calvert 


MP4 + Pics.    


The Training of the Pretty Girl, Day One My initial assessment of this tramp: she needs to feel pretty. Let me count that ways... 
Day One: make her pretty in heels.
Day two: make her pretty in lipstick.
Day three: Make her pretty in a corset.
Day four: make her pretty in a leather collar.
Put it all together and we have a four day curriculum in basic slave elegance. 

Day one: Pretty in Heels
In my world, the standard issue slave footwear is simple black patent leather heels - pointy toe, no platform. I keep thinking about what she would look like, teetering around in those tall black heels: a pretty little slut. 

I the Slow Pull
Some like when the zipper comes off fast, a few like when it comes off slow. I like to pop those torturous little pins off one by one. And she gives it up, right away. So satisfying. 

II the Burn
I like the way the lines run up the back of a sleek, well stripped calf. My style of calf raises will make her truly appreciate the wonderful assets of well toned calf muscles. 

III the Inspection
I like to wee what I am working with. What better way than to tie her open and inspect her, inside and out. 

IV the Orgasms
To round out the day, I decide to deliver a stream of orgasms to reinforce the day's points. If she can get up after that, she can have her heels. 

At the end of the day, she is fitted with a set of heels, and she strides her ass gracefully around the set to show us her assets. I like those heels. I think we will keep them on her for three more days. 

This update includes: slave inspection, medical fetish, anal plug, high heels training, BDSM zipper pull, bondage orgasms, slave discipline

Screens   
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=28929

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

