Trine 2 Complete Story (2013) Multilenguaje
 
http://trine2.com/site/

Technical Data

Platform: PC | ISO | 2.9 GB | Medicina Incl | Languages: English *, Finnish, French *, German *, Italian, Spanish *, Other (* languages ??with full audio) | Type: Compilation of Trine 2 | Developer: Frozenbyte | Distributor: Focus Home Interactive | Genre: Other, Puzzles, Platforms (Fantasy) | Players: 1-3 (Cooperative: 2-3) | Released: June 6, 2013 | Pegi: +12

Description
Game Trine 2 is a side-scrolling action, puzzles and platforms where you play as one of Three Heroes who make their way through dangers untold in a fantastic fairy tale world.

The pack contains Trine 2 and its expansion "Goblin Menace", exclusive art book 40 pages. And the original soundtrack Trine 2.
Unlock new magical powers and abilities: Slow down time, telekinesis, mind control, fire ...
Instantly switch between characters to solve puzzles using their special abilities each.
Many different ways of approaching and solving each level.
Online co-op up to 3 players.
Local cooperative up to 3 players.
Increase the number of solutions combining the skills of the characters.
Share your magical adventures with friends or publicly through internet.

Key Features
    Physics-based puzzles with fire, water, gravity and magic
    Accessible for both casual and experienced players
    Online cooperative mode with up to three players locally
    Save anywhere to play as long or short sessions as you like
    Unlimited Character mode encourages play and again
    Effect Graphic proud new generation using stunning visuals
    Extramarital hidden Collectibles
    Upgrade your characters to suit your style of play and learn amazing new skills
    Fun and challenging achievements to unlock
    Normal Mode and New Game + for the adventure never ends
    Amazing 27-track soundtrack composed by acclaimed Ari Pulkkinen
    Full Language support for English, French, German and Spanish, and closed captioning for more than 10 languages
    Supports NVIDIA 3D Vision

Trine 2 Collector's Edition
Digital Art Book with comments Trine 2 artists highlighting the design of levels, enemies, buildings and many environments. It also offers a unique review the material not used in the final game.
Soundtrack by award-winning Ari Pulkkinen, with 21 tracks from Trine 2 in MP3 format with a total of 57 minutes duration.
The Digital Art Book will be installed in your Trine 2 folder in the Steam directory:
... Steam   steamapps   common   Trine 2   Artbook
The soundtrack will be installed in your Trine 2 folder in the Steam directory:
... Steam   steamapps   common   Trine 2   Soundtrack
System Requirements

    OS: Windows 7 / Vista / XP
    Processor: 2.0 GHz (Dual Core recommended)
    Memory: 1 GB of RAM
    Hard Drive: 1.5 GB of free space
    Graphics: ATI Radeon HD 2400 / NVIDIA GeForce 7600 or higher (requires Shader Model 3.0 are supported)
    Version of DirectX ┬«: 9.0c
    Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible device
    Additional: * Please note that Trine 2 may not run on most Intel graphics solutions used from 2004-2009. The game runs on the new Intel HD Graphics 3000 (2010 onwards) or higher