Hell Yeah! is a crazy action-adventure platformer. In Hell. You are Ash, a devil rabbit and the prince of Hell. When some jerk finds it funny to post your secret intimate photos all over the Hell-ternet, you get VERY angry. Time to seek him out and destroy him once and for all. While you’re at it, why not use this incredible journey to kill everybody else? It’s you against all Hell. It’s Hell Yeah!

Kick-ass features this game definitely has:

Tension-relieving faux-gore action – Hell Yeah! helps you clear your mind after a bad/frustrating/boring day at work. Achieve this by exploring the four corners of Hell and exterminating monsters in a cheerful yet challenging atmosphere.

Drill to kill – shooting is fun but shooting from a super sawing jetpack that can drill through walls and squash monsters into chunks is better. Hell Yeah! gives you full frontal violence in your face.

This game is too BIG for you – 10 huge game worlds with secret areas and side quests, hundreds of objects, weapons and monsters to collect. If you’re a completionist, you’re screwed man.

Help us make Hell a cleaner place – there are 100 unique monsters to exterminate in Hell Yeah! Some are rude, others are really ugly but they all equally deserve to DIE!

“Finish him” moves that will make your mama cry – inflict ultimate humiliation on the monsters of Hell using over 25 deadly “Finish him!” mini-games.

Pimp my drill – collect loot and spend your cash in big shops where you can buy bigger guns and awesome upgrades for your ride. The donut driller skin and the ‘Sploding Carrot Missile Launcher make a lovely combo.

Hell Yeah! Original Soundtrack
Great news, the first part of the "Hell Yeah! Original Soundtrack" is available for download! It's totally free of charge, and we sincerely hope you'll enjoy it.



Copy files from "Crack" and paste them in game directory

Game needed net framework 4, it will be in "Hell Yeah Wrath of the Dead RabbitRedist" directory after installation