Coast to Coast AM for April 25, 2013. Light Phenomena & Mystery Booms

Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
This is  a full rip of the stream (WMA) that Coast to Coast AM provides to such loyal members to their shows. It has been converted and merged together into mp3 files, however, to give you the experience you should be getting through the show mp3 archives. Instead, originally you get all bumper music erased, and a quality which takes out all bass (making George Noory sound as though he's coming through a crappy radio speaker)
This is what the Coast experience should be. And you can get it... absolutely free. Enjoy!

Show for: April 29, 2013
Show description:


Host:
George Noory
Guests:
Linda Moulton Howe, Joshua P. Warren
Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe shared updates on the loud booms mystery, and discussed her personal experiences with animal mutilation cases, and life-changing light phenomena. So far, the mysterious booms have been heard all over the United States, and in just the last week she's received reports from such places as Imperial Beach (San Diego), Indianapolis, Bowling Green (KY), Wichita, Foster (RI), Fort Polk (LA), as well from Queensland, Australia where back in January a boom impact caused glass to shatter. She presented insider information from a geologist working at a major U.S. military base who contacted her by email. He told her that as far back as 1998, miners along the Yukon/Alaska border reported unusual sounds coming from inside the earth. But since 2011, many geologists have noticed an almost 1,000% increase in soil liquefaction. Something is going on in the core of the earth that may be related to a magnetic pole shift or restructuring of minerals going down to the mantle, the geologist revealed, and this could be what is causing the booming sounds. 
Linda spoke about her long standing research into the animal mutilation mystery, where there is typically no blood or tracks at the site where the animal is found. Some ranchers have reported seeing animals either rise in a beam of light or come down in one, and this would explain why no tracks are ever found, she detailed. Regarding cases of "half cats"-- mutilations involving precise cuts using high heat (just as with larger animals), she pondered if the perpetrators were sending some type of message since cats are regarded so fondly by humans. 
Linda shared several life-changing events that occurred to her involving unusual light phenomena. At age 21, she encountered a vivid beam of light while mountain climbing in Idaho, and saw flowers pulsing like sparklers. She heard a voice in her mind that said "you are one with the light, the light is one with you, and you are in the hands of God forever." Several years later while driving along a curving road in Colorado she witnessed a brightly glowing white cross, and heard a voice telling her to pull over, which she did. Just afterward, a car came around the bend at around 100mph, veering into her lane. She also detailed seeing strange, bright lights in the sky in Peru in 1987, during an Inca festival in the Andes. Linda announced that she'll be one of the presenters at the upcoming Citizen Hearing on Disclosure in Washington, DC-- the event will be webcast live. 
Amazing Ghost Photo
In the first hour, Joshua P. Warren revealed an amazing ghost photo (see close up below), which shows a partially transparent woman at the top of a staircase at the Reynolds Mansion in Asheville, North Carolina. It's believed that the photo, taken in 1971, may show the ghost of Anne Lee Reynolds who died in the room right next to the stairs, said Warren, who noted that people have reported seeing her ghost on the staircase for years. So far, an examination of the photo has revealed no evidence of trickery, he added. 
News segment guests: Lauren Weinstein, Jeff Nelken 
Website(s):
earthfiles.com
joshuapwarren.com
paranormalpuertorico.com
Book(s):
Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
Glimpses of Other Realities, Volume 2
