Bobs Burgers

Genre: Animation, Comedy, Family
Year: 2013
Country: USA
Runtime: 22 min
Producer: Loren Bouchard
Cast: H. Jon Benjamin, Dan Mintz, Eugene Mirman, John Roberts, Kristen Schaal

.: Plot :.
On this animated series from FOX, we'll be taking a look at the story of businessman Bob as he runs one of the most successful franchises in the country -- burger joints. But for Bob's Burgers, it's been slow and getting even slower. Lucky for this third-generation restaurateur, he has his family to support him.

Helping Bob Belcher (H. Jon Benjamin) in his business exploits is his wife Linda (John Roberts) and their three kids. She's there for him no matter what. Whether they have to deal with greasy counters and a lousy location, this family just won't give up.

Bob's dream is further supported by his kids, though they're not as enthusiastic about burgers as he is. Eldest daughter Tina (Dan Mintz) is a hopeless romantic, and is still trying to find her ground at 13. Her social skills aren't that polished yet, making it tough for Bob's Burgers to draw in customers.

However, Bob's middle child and only son Gene (Eugene Mirman) has a lot to offer in terms of entertainment. He's an aspiring musician who wouldn't mind breaking into song when asked. But he's also quite the prankster, and none of the customers really enjoys their dishes served with a gag.

Meanwhile, the Belchers' youngest daughter Louise (Kristen Schaal) is the one who's really gunning for the family business. She can even imagine herself working in the kitchen all her life. Unfortunately, she isn't that good at it. Hyper and quirky, she's been quite the liability for the business.

There's a big possibility that things could go smoothly for Bob's Burgers, if they find a way to stand out amidst the competition. Beside the restaurant is the It's Your Funeral Home and Crematorium and nearby is the amusement pier Wonder Wharf. But worst of all, across the street stands Jimmy Pesto's Pizzeria, Bob's biggest problem.

The Belchers can still make Bob's Burgers work. As long as they stick together like a patty on a bun, that is. Catch the series on FOX this fall.
