The.Real.Housewives.of.Vancouver.S02E01.New.Faces.and.Old.Wounds.WS.DSR.x264-CLDD.mp4

Original airdate: Tuesday Feb 5, 2013

Episode description:
In the Season 2 opener, new Wives are introduced and old wounds are re-opened when Ronnie invites the girls to celebrate a fresh start with a sizzling summer bbq.


Show description:
The Real Housewives of Vancouver, this past year's most buzzed about Canadian lifestyle reality series, is back! With Season One quickly becoming the highest rated series on Slice, Season Two promises to be even more explosive ΓÇô filled with jealousy, temptation, lies and betrayal. The introduction of three new wives is sure to shake things up and provide plenty of new drama, new scandals and new alliances.

Season Two focuses on the luxurious lives of six beautiful, larger- than-life Vancouver Housewives: Jody Claman, Ronnie Negus, Mary Zilba, and newcomers Amanda Hansen, Robin Reichman, and Ioulia Reynolds.

This unscripted series takes viewers on an intimate journey through the highs and lows of the drama-prone daily lives of six of Vancouver's wealthiest and most glamorous Housewives. From butt-lifts to extravagant spa treatments, walking the catwalk to rocking centre-stage and rubbing shoulders with the country's elite, the wives' nerves, patience and relationships are all put to the test in this highly anticipated new season.


CAPPER NOTES:
-Slice does NOT broadcast in HD....DSR is the best possible.
-Comments are greatly appreciated!
-However, comments like 'where is the next episode' or 'please post the next episode' will NOT get me moving any faster. Just slower. ;-)

-And last but not least, I strongly dislike this show. But since no one else seems to want to cap it, I'll help you guys out again for season two. :)





File : The.Real.Housewives.of.Vancouver.S02E01.New.Faces.and.Old.Wounds.WS.DSR.x264-CLDD.mp4
Format : MPEG-4 at 1 242 Kbps
Length : 391 MiB for 43mn 59s 593ms

Video #0 : AVC at 1 053 Kbps
Aspect : 624 x 352 (1.773) at 23.976 fps

Audio #0 : AAC at 185 Kbps
Infos : 2 channels, 48.0 KHz
Language : en