Thanks to Mcmenace for the chance to upload this.

Artist: The Rankin Twins 
Release: Moonshine and Maybes
Released: 2013
Label: 
Catalog#: 
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log / Cue
[color=blue]Country: USA
Style: Country



1. Wake Up	 3:44	
2. Jezebel	 3:32	
3. Holdin Pattern	 3:26	
4. You Got the Heart	 3:12	
5. Ain't Buyin It	 3:29	
6. As the Music Plays	 3:46	
7. Hit & Run	 3:29	
8. Swagger	 2:59	
9. Wreckin' It	 3:40	
10. Rain	 3:28

Born identical twins in the southern roots of Texas, Amy and April Rankin’s voices intertwine in a natural harmony as strong as the weaves of Grandma's old blanket. But this heirloom has been remade, rejuvenated, and if they have anything to do with it, dipped in glitter.Full of life and promise, their songs resonate an optimistic approach to the world that brings with it a sense of security like the timeless memories of swaying on a porch swing on a Sunday afternoon.

The Rankin Twins, whose popularity in Texas Country continues to grow, have once again surpassed the strength of their last EP “Silver Lining”. With a new sound in their first full length album, Moonshine and Maybes, they break the barriers and carry you right into the arms of pure country.

Like most artists who have a story to tell, The Rankin Twins have met with their own bouts of rock bottom that have attributed to the journey they sing about today.Growing up in the small gulf coast town of Portland, Texas the Rankins started off singing in front of family and small crowds as kids and grew to entertain slightly larger groups along the way, always for the sheer joy of doing what they loved to do. Then with the expectations of adulthood, they put their dreams on the back burner to attend college at Texas A&M.

Finding emptiness in the mundane daily grind of 9-5 jobs, they decided to start again with what they loved doing most—music. With a small band underway, they lined up a few gigs and started anew. Then tragedy struck the day Amy was diagnosed with a brain tumor. Quick to get in and out of surgery, her pictures of the ordeal still reflect a shiny disposition anyone that knows her would be quick to recognize. And like so many others who have tasted the bittersweet salt of life with no promises of longevity, it was an experience that kick-started the girls into high gear.

Untarnished by cynicism, the light of positivity emulated by Amy and April is an honest reflection. There is neither smoke nor mirrors. Seeing The Rankin Twins live on stage only solidifies the messages heard in their last EPs, “Headaches and Heartbreaks” and “Silver Lining”. In the end, it’s always about the promise of a better tomorrow. Whether it’s a mentality that grew from Amy’s struggles or an outlook they were born to pay forward, their newest album Moonshine and Maybes still rings of the same truths.

With hit songs on the Texas Top 50 music charts, and Texas legends like Cory Morrow in their corner, they’ve travelled to open for major headliners in the industry such as Roger Creager, Josh Abbott and Pat Green. Even national television network CoziTV has selected them as one of the top 15 acts in the nation for their Next Great Family Band showdown. Now drawing crowds of fans all their own, The Rankin Twins are sure to once again break the mold with Moonshine and Maybes. It's country and it's bluegrass and it’s a boot stompin’ good time that makes you want to get on the dance floor. There’s the timeless romance of the waltz in “As the Music Plays” while they tip the scales with the twang of steel guitar licks and fiddling fury in “Jezebel” that screams for Nashville’s attention. And it’s no wonder with leading musicians in the industry like John Carroll and David Grissom gracing the studio, this new album will leave you wanting more.As sweet as a homemade glass of southern iced tea, their infectious smiles and golden curls bob to the beat of their own “swagger”—a point echoed by the toe tapping rhythm and just-for-the-girls lyrics of their new track dubbed the same. Just as the album title insinuates, Moonshine and Maybes is full of that old country charm spun with their reputable vibrancy, a little something new and a whole lotta hope.