01. Time Out For Time In
02. She Put A Hex On You
03. Bent Over You
04. Waltz Of The Flies
05. Black Widow Spider
06. We've All Agreed To Help
07. Market Place
08. Just One Conception
09. Young Woman
10. The Moth
11. But It's Alright
Bonus Tracks
12. Square Room (2nd Single Version)
13. Dirty Old Man (2nd Single Version)
14. Corinna (Single Version)
15. Dark Are The Shadows (Single Version)
16. Dirty Old Man (Original Single Version)
17. Square Room (Original Single Version)
18. But It's Alright (Original Single Version)
19. Square Room (Single Edit/Remix)

Them's second post-Van Morrison album, even more than their first such effort (Now and Them), grew further away from their mid-'60s style, to the point where there were few audible links to how Them sounded in the British Invasion era. And like Now and Them, Time Out! Time in for Them was an intermittently worthwhile but somewhat characterless record, reflecting late-'60s trends in album-oriented rock without adding much to them or innovating paths of their own. It was even more Los Angeles psychedelia-influenced than their prior LP, taking the lead of Now and Them's strongest cut ("Square Room") to explore sitar-laden raga-rock on several songs. "Time Out for Time In" adds a nice waltz overlay to the raga-rock sound, but "Black Widow Spider" and "Just on Conception" frankly live up to the stereotypes of "oh wow!" hippie-trippy word soups from the era. So does "The Moth," but at least there some Roger McGuinn-like vocals and dreamy orchestration add spice. Other songs are competently done but non-standout heavy soul rock, with "She Put a Hex on You" sounding right off the cutting room floor of a 1968 psychedelic dance-rock club movie scene; you can just see the bandana-swathed babe from central casting gyrating as the strobe lights flash. "Waltz of the Flies," the best song, is indeed a beguiling psychedelic waltz, and Jim Armstrong's guitar work throughout is far more instrumentally accomplished than what you'll hear on many similar albums. Yet Time Out!'s not in the same league as either the Van Morrison-era Them or the better psychedelic/raga-rock endeavors of the late '60s. [The 2003 Rev-Ola CD reissue adds eight bonus cuts (all taken from 45s) of value to anyone interested in the post-Van Morrison Them, including the non-LP single "Corinna"/"Dark Are the Shadows," the rare original single version of the punky "Dirty Old Man" (which is superior to the one on Now and Them), and the rare original 45
[Richie Unterberger]
 
http://dickthespic.org/