LEGO: Legends of Chima - Season 1 - Episode 2 (WEB-DL - 1080p)
--------------------------------------------------------------

The world of CHIMA is a magical land ruled by tribes of highly-advanced animals.
These creatures walk and talk like humans. They drive vehicles, use machinery, and
live in amazing castles and forts. But make no mistake about it: these are animals,
with claws, fangs, tails, and sometimes wings. And now they are engaged in a full
scale conflict. Once a pristine, natural paradise, the land of CHIMA has become a
battle ground for the animal tribes. Best friends are now worst enemies. Weaponry
pummels the once-sacred temples. Animalistic vehicles charge furiously at each other
in jungle jousts. The animals fight for control of a natural resource called CHI, a
power that is both a source of life and holds the potential for destruction. Only a
few brave heroes in CHIMA understand the true nature of CHI and its importance.
Their stories, and the stories of those who seek to conquer the CHI, are known as...
THE LEGENDS OF CHIMA.

Produced by M2Film and The LEGO Group.

 
http://imageshack.us/a/img703/1306/legochimas1021080p.png

Cragger is depressed by his great responsibility as king. Crooler on the other hand
sees the situation as an opportunity to make the Crocodiles the most powerful tribe
in CHIMA. Using a mystical glowing flower she clouds Cragger's judgement and makes
him turn against the lions... the aim is to control all of the precious CHI. It is
CHI day... a celebration of CHI at the Lion City, with racing events where the
tribes compete for the powerful Golden CHI. Laval wins the games, but in the process
angers the Wolves. Athend of the festival Cragger attempts to disrupt the games, and
later allies with the disgruntled Wolves and the sneaky Ravens. They launch a
massive assault on the Lions city to get their CHI. The Lions call upon the Gorillas
and the Eagles to aid them in the battle. During the battle, Laval ends up in
jeopardy but gets saved at the last moment by a fabled, long forgotten Legend Beast.
It carries him back into the battle.

LEGO.Legends.of.Chima.S01E02.The.Great.Story.1080p.WEB-DL.AAC2.0.H.264-YFN

Format: Matroska Video File (MKV)
Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 1920x1080 23.976fps
Audio: MPEG4 Audio (AAC) 48000Hz stereo
Subs: English Closed Captions (SubRip Text)
Duration: 00:22:04
File size: 807 MB


- Courtesy of Your Friendly Neighborhood...


