A Stage For Traitors follows several principal storylines as they develop in tandem with one another. It's been eight years since the end of the civil war between the Inquisition and emperor Zygar Ferus, worshiper of blood gods. Eight years into the aftermath, a new emperor sits the Sun Throne, and the Inquisition is no more.
In the Westlands, Drakanes, a sister of the temple finds herself in the role of witness and proctor, of passing judgement on a man accused of murder, who claims to have been possessed. The trial's proceedings enlighten her as to the truth of it all, and the good sister is willing to, out of pure stubbornness, risk death for justice. Emperor Hagyai Rovines Mero fears for the continuation of his line, and sends Sycarus on an errand to the Desertlands, to bring back an Aharo maiden for his son and heir, prince Yoffis. It was said that the wombs of the Aharo savage women always gave birth to healthy babes. Hagyai Rovines desires a betrothal between the prince heir and the savage girl - trying to emulate a long dead custom of the Sunborn emperors. Such a move is most unpopular, and the whispers of another civil war are once again in the air.
The imperial chancellor, Erasmus Verwick, warns Birus Mandon, the liege lord of the Streamlands, with regard to a plot against the emperor, a plot made by his exiled brother, Amarius Soronius. Birus Mandon tries to gather information in regards to the schemes of potential oathbreakers, but his trade is not that of a spy. When he hires the Mounted Arrows Company of Narak al Zull, Birus learns more than mere outlandish tactics; he finds a new source of strength in the sellsword's foreign warrior god.
Kalafar Sodomis, the liege lord of the Northlands, has seen his brother get married, and he himself is tried by notions of passion toward a certain lady of a southern house. But as the conflict breaks out, and his brother disappears on a wolf hunt in the Black Forest, Kalafar needs to act as a proper lord, as a man, not a boy. He summons his bannermen for a council at Devil Mound, to decide if the north will go to war or no; and there to also perform a certain ritual to honor the dead of Fengard and Wyrm. Find out how it all unfolds by reading A Stage For Traitors.

The rar contains the following book formats: epub, mobi, pdf, rtf, lrf, pdb.

Follow me on Twitter:

If you enjoyed A Stage For Traitors and if you have the means, please buy it.
Thank you kindly for your time, fellow reader.

PS: The Pirate Bay rulz! Support open source!

About the author:
Born on March 25, 1989, Bucharest/Romania. I've majored last year in journalism, and I'm pleased to say I'm done with college. I did four years in the plastic arts high school, Nicolae Tonitza, and five years in an arts and crafts high school. (Yes, I wasn't a fan of math, and math wasn't a fan of me) Thus, I also have a degree in construction materials. I have the highest respect for the blue collar professions, but this wasn't my calling. And neither was that of a self employed craftsman or graphics artist. I hope to make a decent living off of selling stories. Ever since I was a toddler, I loved stories. And I'd rather cut off my left arm, than betray or lose the characters of my world Of Hate And Laughter. I am their father and I am also their slave.