Chris Hart, Andy Husbands, Andrea Pyenson, "Wicked Good Barbecue: Fearless Recipes from Two Damn Yankees Who Have Won the Biggest"
English | ISBN: 1592334997 | 2012 | EPUB | 224 pages | 71 MB

"Live fire cooking at its wicked BEST! The IQUE team will raise your BBQ IQ." —Carolyn Wells, Ph.B., Executive Director and co-founder, Kansas City Barbeque Society

"A lot of serious barbecue champions have been waiting to see what secrets would be revealed in Chris and Andy’s book, and they are not going to be disappointed! These guys are both finely tuned chefs and hardcore pitmasters, a rare combination, and they’ve shared it all. I now understand how they won the world championship. The barbecue cookbook bar has just been raised." —Ray Lampe, Dr. BBQ, author of Ribs, Chops, Steaks, and Wings

"If there were ever a book that personified the ethos of the chef and brings it right into your kitchen, it is Wicked Good Barbecue. The audacious and tasty recipes showcase everything from the modern classics to serious in-your face-barbeque. Wicked Good Barbecue is a must for every grill aficionado." —Chris Schlesinger, coauthor of Thrill of the Grill and owner of East Coast Grill & Raw Bar in Cambridge, MA

How did two guys from Boston win hundreds of barbecue ribbons, thirty Kansas City Barbecue Society championships, and the biggest prize of them all, the Jack Daniel's World Championship Invitational Barbecue? By standing over glowing coals and smoking barrels for days on end to develop barbecue recipes not just good, but "wicked good" as they say in New England.

Award-winning chefs Andy Husbands and Chris Hart reveal their secrets to competition-winning barbecue—from the actual recipe that won the Jack Daniel's World Championship Invitational, to the 25-Step Championship Chicken that melts in your mouth and the American Royal First Place Beef Brisket, king of them all, hardest to master and unforgettable to eat when it's done right.

Wicked Good Barbecue ain’t your daddy’s barbecue. It’s just the best you’ve ever tasted. So if you want to cook competition-worthy chow, and you think you've got what it takes or want inspiration from the best; crack this book, pick up your tongs, and fire away. Wicked Good Barbecue is your guide to fun, fearless, and fantastic barbecue no matter where you're from.


