Let's continue with a dramatic war-movie... 80 hussars, is another rare treatment with Custom ENG subtitles created by us.

special ThanxXx to pittyke & mitbrille & stibbshoo & BobbyFletcher & swatura for their work on the subs!

The title is the same that was previously released on eutorrents!

Title: 80 Hussars 
AKA: 80 Husaren
Year: 1978
Original title: 80 Huszár
Runtime: 2 hour 4 minutes
Country: Hungary
Language: Hungarian, German
Subtitles: English, Hungarian - Custom Made(.srt )
Genre: Drama, History

Director: Sándor Sára

Cast

Cast overview, first billed only:

László Dózsa ... Paál Farkas kapitány
György Cserhalmi ... Csorgás István
Jácint Juhász ... Ács Péter
József Madaras ... Korsós András
Géza Tordy ... Bódogh Szilveszter fõhadnagy
Sándor Szabó ... Leopold Krüger tábornok
Gábor Csíkos ... Csuha Márton
László Czikély
György Gonda
Sándor Kátó
Lajos Kovács
Zsolt Körtvélyessy
Sándor Oszter ... Máté Péter
Ferenc Paláncz
Tibor Patassy ... Bakos János

Plot / Synopsis

The film tells the story of a regiment of Hungarian hussars stationed in Poland. The hussars, mostly ordinary men, have heard news of the uprising and wish to return to the homeland to defend the newly independent country. The Empire, on the other hand, is firmly resolved that all Hungarian troops in the imperial army should be kept as far away from the trouble spot as possible, knowing that most soldiers would be loyal to Budapest rather than Vienna.

Review:

What can I say. This movie is the best I have seen about the Hungarian revolution in 1848-49. So beautiful, so tragic, and so historically true. I can suggest it to anyone. A movie,being shot in the most exquisite regions of the Carpathians. The story is very thrilling and eventful.Actors are very good.This is a story about courage,patriotism(even if it costs to one's life),endurance,self-sacrifice,revolution against tyranny,the love of freedom. Believe me, if you have the opportunity, view it! And the greatest idea in it: when the last scene is over,there is a 3-4 minute blank black screen...a little time for thinking. And it is necessary.

PLEASE NOTE, THIS IS A TV-RIP, BUT UNFORTUNATELY IT IS THE BEST VIDEO AVAILABLE ON THE NET AT THE MOMENT.


Technical Specs
Source: Internet, pretorians.net, feliratok.info 
Group/Ripper: ThanxXx pretorians.net for the rip! Subtitles: Custom
Video Format: AVI/XviD
Video Bitrate: 673 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps 
Aspect Ratio: 8:7
Resolution: 512 x 384
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.122
Audio Format: 0x0055 (MP3)
Audio Bitrate: 105,14 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz

Check SWATura torrents for other hard-to-find classics!

(K) Kopyleft 2013 - All Rites Reversed...

p.s. We are looking for native English speakers to help us out checking the English texts of translated Custom subtitles and comics... If interested, give us a shout, either here, or directly...

ThanxXx...		