Courtney Taylor and her HUGE tits endure a gauntlet of rough deep throating, squirting and fucking! | Courtney Taylor | Matt Williams

March 13, 2013 


MP4 only. 
    
 
Sexy blond bombshell Courtney Taylor is back with her 38 Triple D boobs! In beauty and stature, this girl is nothing short of Amazonian. Courtney discovers what being truly helpless is all about today, and she loves it. 

Courtney finds herself on her knees, her hot mouth at cock level. Her huge tits are tightly bound and a wooded breast press squeezes them even tighter. Her legs are frog bound and her wrists are bound to her thighs. This is what being completely helpless looks like. She is sitting on a vibrator and must stay perfectly still if she wants it to stay on her clit, meanwhile her huge boobs are slowly being crushed.

The helplessness fucks with her head and the vibrator is doing it job, Courtney is moaning, and close to cumming already. A neck rope holds her in place as the hard cock pushes past her puffy blowjob lips. The cock starts fucking her mouth slowly at first, but soon Courtney's throat is stretched as the cock pushes all the way down her throat at a brutal pace. We skull fuck our hot blond into subspace. Deep spit coats her face as we unleash a catastrophic deep throat face fucking.

While trying desperately to catch her breath from cumming and sucking, we lift Courtney up by the sticks, crushing her huge tits. We hold her off the ground by just her boobs, then lie her down over a bench so her head is off the edge, upside down. Another brutal skull fucking ensues, spit covers our hot Amazon's face and the cock pushes all the way down her throat. You can see it snake down her throat from the outside as it goes balls deep. 

We move our now blindfolded big titted blond to her back, bind her knees to her tits and her legs back into a tight small package. Her pussy is completely exposed, she is trapped in the perfect "fuck me" postion. We start with the vibrator and make her cum. We finger blast and she squirts and cums in a violent screaming orgasm. Then the cock easily slides into her wet pussy and we are fucking this helpless Amazon. We roughly fuck her to a few more brutal orgasms, the cock slams her pussy so hard the entire stage moves and shakes. In the end Courtney is dazed and staring blankly into subspace. We leave her dripping and oozing liquid from every hole waiting for our return..... 
 
Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/03_13ctaylor2/SexuallyBroken-Courtney-Taylor-Matt-Williams-Courtney-Taylor-and-her-HUGE-tits-endure-a-gauntlet-of-rough-deep-throating-squirting-and-fucking.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

