Nova Launcher Prime v2.1.1 Final

Requirements: Android 4.0 and up

Accept no substitutes! Nova Launcher is the original and most polished customizable launcher for Android 4.

Features include:
Color Themes
Change the accent color of the launcher, full color picker support

Icon Themes
Apply ADW or Go launcher icon themes to all app icons

Scrollable Dock (for Tablets and Phones)
Keep all your favorite apps on the dock, with up to 7 icons per page and up to 3 pages.

Customizable App Drawer:
Transparency
Scrolling style, choose between horizontal paginated or vertical continuous

Scroll Effects
Enjoy eye candy when scrolling your desktop and drawer. Effects include Cube and Cardstack and more for Prime users.

Infinite Scroll
Never be far from your favorite page, loop through your desktop continuously.

Folder Icons
You can chose a background, preview style or even replace the whole icon.

Backup/Restore
Export your settings and layout before a wipe to quickly get back up and running.

Widgets in dock
Add any 1x1 widget to the dock

Widget Overlapping
Overlap on resize or placement, long-press to send to back or bring to front

Bulk Add
Add multiple apps to the desktop or a folder at once

Activities shortcut
Select hidden activities from your favorite apps

*Nova Launcher Prime Features (Paid version)*

Nova Launcher Prime unlocks the following features in Nova Launcher:

Drawer Groups:
Folders in App Drawer
Unlimited custom tabs
Organize apps into tabs and folders in the app drawer

Gestures
Quickly start Nova Actions or Apps from gestures on the desktop, such as pinching, swiping or two-finger swiping.

Hide Apps
Keep a clutter free drawer by hidding never used apps.

Dock Swipes
Get more use out of your dock apps by setting swipe-actions

Unread Counts
Never miss an email. Unread count badges for SMS, Missed calls, Gmail, Email, Google Voice and more. Counts show in the dock, desktop, drawer and folders.

More Scroll Effects

Installation Instructions:
1. Take backup of your settings
2. Uninstall previous version of Nova Launcher. Clear cache.
3. Install Nova Launcher and the Tesla Unread plugin from my package (not from Google Play).
4. Restore your settings (should be of Nova Launcher 2.0+)
5. Enjoy!!

What's in this version:
2.1.1 Jun 10, 2013
Fix shortcuts installed from third party apps
Fix inconsistencies in drawer groups
Fix live wallpapers not showing on some devices
Misc fixes and optimizations
Changes since v2.1.1beta4
Minor fixes



More Info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.launcher 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.notifier