Former U.S. President David Palmer is assassinated in Los Angeles, California and Jack Bauer is framed for his murder. The assassins also plan to frame Jack for murders of Tony Almeida, Michelle Dessler and Chloe O'Brian, all of whom helped Jack fake his death. Michelle is killed and Tony is critically injured but Jack manages to save Chloe. After investigating David Palmer's death, Jack goes looking for further information at LA/Ontario International Airport which is subsequently attacked by terrorists.

The terrorists are Russian separatists in contact with an official named James Nathanson. They take 40 people hostage in attempt to dissuade President Logan from signing a landmark anti-terrorism treaty with Russian President Yuri Suvarov. Terrorists, led by Vladimir Bierko, use the plot as a diversion to steal 20 canisters of VX nerve gas. While searching for the nerve gas, Jack discovers the involvement of James Nathanson and White House Chief of Staff Walt Cummings. They plan to release nerve gas on Russian soil and to use that as an excuse to invoke the military clauses of the treaty, allowing Logan to secure American petroleum interests in Central Asia. David Palmer was killed because he was beginning to find out about their plan.

The nerve gas is deployed at Sunrise Hills Shopping Mall (resulting in 10-20 fatalities out of eight-nine hundred shoppers) and Tyler Memorial Hospital (unsuccessfully due to the actions of CTU and Curtis Manning). Jack questions a former co-worker of his, Christopher Henderson, whom he believes is willing to help. Instead Henderson locks Jack in a room with a bomb nearly killing him. Jack has Henderson brought to CTU and tortured where he refuses to reveal additional knowledge about the conspiracy. When terrorists break into CTU and release nerve gas there, Christopher Henderson, Tony Almeida, Jack Bauer, Kim Bauer, Chloe O'Brian, Audrey Raines and others are spared in sealed safe-rooms. 40% of the personnel including Edgar Stiles and Lynn McGill are killed. When CTU is decontaminated, Jack rushes to the medical room and sees that Henderson killed Tony and escaped.

The fallout from this attack convinces the Vice President to absorb CTU into Homeland Security (DHS). CTU and Homeland Security agents race to find the location of the remaining nerve gas canisters. This turns out to be Wilshire Gas Co. By incinerating the pipelines, Jack stops the nerve gas from being released and captures Vladimir Bierko. Through the assistance of Wayne Palmer (David Palmer's brother) and Evelyn Martin (Special Assistant to the First Lady), Jack discovers that President Logan is responsible for the attacks. He is at the center of a conspiracy involving Cummings, Henderson, Nathanson, a mysterious man known as Graem and a group of men who monitor and influence the actions of Logan from an undisclosed location.

Jack and Wayne retrieve a recording that implicates Logan from a bank vault and attempt to turn it over to U.S. Secretary of Defense James Heller. Things do not go as planned and Christopher Henderson uses Audrey as leverage to get the recording from Jack. Jack and Audrey recapture Henderson but they find that he has passed the recording on to a co-conspirator aboard a diplomatic flight. Jack boards the plane and reclaims the recording by taking the co-pilot hostage. This triggers a response from Charles Logan who tries to have the plane shot down, citing that it could be used against civilians. This causes others in Logan's inner circle to becomes suspicious of his motives. Jack Bauer lands the plane and delivers the recording to CTU only to have it destroyed by a traitor from DHS.

Bierko escapes CTU custody, and uses his last nerve gas container to take over a Russian submarine and gain control of twelve multiple-warhead non-nuclear missiles, each one capable of wiping out approximately seven city blocks. After cutting a deal with Christopher Henderson, Jack and Henderson together stop the attack from the submarine, and kill Bierko and his men. During a final standoff, Jack kills Henderson to get revenge for his friends. With the help of the First Lady, Mike Novick, Aaron Pierce, and Chloe, Jack is able to place a listening device on Logan which informs the U.S. Attorney General of his deception. At a memorial service for David Palmer, Charles Logan is taken away by U.S. Marshals. However, Jack Bauer is captured as well by Chinese agents. The season ends with a bound and tortured Jack on a ship headed for China.