The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.

The series is set in the fictional South-Midlands town of Denton, and is marked by a gritty tone. It is believed that Denton is in Oxfordshire, with many references to Reading, Oxford, and in particular, Swindon, especially in the earlier episodes, as the M4 and A417 are often seen, and the map of Swindon was seen in the control room, although a map of Reading was used occasionally. The programme is produced by ITV in Leeds, and most of the outdoor locations are shot in West Yorkshire. Several scenes are filmed in and around the city and district of Wakefield and neighbouring small towns of Pontefract and Castleford, West Yorkshire.[3] The role of Frost was notable in changing the public perception of David Jason from a predominantly comic actor to a dramatic actor.

Season 14

S14, Ep1 -May 31, 2008 - Mind Games
DI Frost must deal with a desperate mother and solve a 20 year old missing persons case following the discovery of a teenage girl's remains.
 
S14, Ep2 - Oct. 19, 2008 - Dead End
An old antagonist teams with frost to investigate the kidnapping of two bus drivers and the death of a clown.
 
S14, Ep3 - May 31, 2008 - In the Public Interest
The naked bodies of three young men are found, arranged in a triangle, in a grave at an old burial site and an American anthropologist insists to Frost that these are ritual killings. However the fact that she has a book to promote and reports of unrest among local Eastern European immigrant workers suggest that the murders are not mystical at all. Ever the maverick, Frost enjoys crossing swords with James Callum, an unpleasant local business man who is going to tear down the local youth club to make way for new offices. When Callum's fitness instructress mistress, ...

This torrent includes the .xml and .jpg files for the WDTV Live SMP media library feature.