Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO

Taking the Byte out of Malware

Malwarebytes technology takes the next step in the fight against malware. Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO detects and removes malware where even the best known anti-virus and anti-malware applications fail.

Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO monitors every process and stops malicious processes before they even start. The Proactive Protection Module keeps your system safe and secure with advanced heuristic scanning technology.

Detect and Protect with Byte

Malware is big and malware is bad. Your computer is constantly at risk from infection by malware including viruses, worms, trojans, rootkits, dialers and spyware. Malwarebytes specializes in fighting malware.

If viruses are mischief, malware is mayhem. Malware doesnΓÇÖt just want to disrupt your network, it wants your keystrokes, logins, passwords, address book, data, credit card information, favorite t-shirt and possibly your cat.

Malware is not going away any time soon. Malware is growing, developing, constantly evolving. Malware is becoming more difficult to detect, and even harder to remove.

Only the most sophisticated anti-malware techniques can detect and remove malicious programs from your computer. Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO combines powerful new technologies designed to seek out, destroy, and prevent malware.

Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO detects AND protects in an easy-to-use, straightforward, heavy-hitting but lightweight anti-malware application.

Malwarebytes Anti-Malware PRO Features include:

Flash - Lightning fast scan speeds
Thorough - Full scans for all drives
Works Well With Others - Cooperative functionality
Puts YOU first! - Priority database updates
Puts Malware in the Slammer - Quarantine function holds threats and lets you restore at your convenience
Talk to the hand - Ignore list for both the scanner and Protection Module
For Your Pleasure - Customizable settings enhance performance
Lock It Down - Password protect key program settings
Chameleon - Gets Malwarebytes running when blocked
Toolbox - Extra utilities to help remove malware manually
Nitty Gritty - Command line support for quick scanning
RPP, Yeah You Know Me - Realtime Proactive Protection Module
Hablamos Everything! - Multi-lingual support (Klingon still in beta)
Support for XP, Vista, 7, and 8 (32-bit and 64-bit)

Supported OS:

Windows XP, Vista, 7, and 8 (32-bit and 64-bit).

Homepage: http://www.malwarebytes.org/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Run Keygen to get valid key to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.