#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	04-09-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Stephan Schwartz, Marilu Henner

Futurist and researcher Stephan Schwartz talked about developments in the study of consciousness, and how more research is pointing toward its non-locality-- that is, that part of the mind is not limited by space or time. Consciousness could be thought of as primary, the perception of our self, but are we looking at an objective reality or a kind of matrix?, he pondered. A new discipline called neuro-theology studies brain imaging of people like nuns, Sikhs, and Buddhists who are meditating or having spiritual experiences. NDE research is yielding data that suggests there's an eternal aspect of us, and "we are fundamentally beings of consciousness and the physicality we take on...is not the source but the manifestation of that consciousness," he said.

Schwartz proposed that consciousness could be viewed as a matrix of information that we're embedded in, a subset of which is space-time. By using disciplines like remote viewing or healing techniques, we can open ourselves to typically inaccessible areas outside of space-time, he commented. Many don't sense what religion calls the "still small voice"-- the non-local, interconnected part of us, which can be accessed through meditation. Studies have shown that meditation can make the brain more powerful, and lead to greater control of the physical body, and may also reduce PTSD symptoms. In an article he wrote for Explore Journal, Schwartz outlines useful meditation practices.

Discussing his research into reincarnation cases, he noted that people who died unexpectedly seemed to be more likely to come back quickly, as though they were trying to finish something they had started in their abbreviated previous life. In cases where body transplant recipients take on characteristics of their donors, Schwartz speculated that it's not just the organ that passes traits on, but certain non-local information patterns linked to it.
In Studio: Marilu Henner

First hour guest, actress Marilu Henner appeared in studio to talk about memory, health, and her life & career. She discussed growing up in Chicago in a house that had a dance studio in the garage, and her years on the popular sitcom Taxi. After her parents died, she became interested in health and nutrition issues, which she wrote about in her book Total Health Makeover. She is also known for her phenomenal memory in which she can recall details from every day of her life, and in her newest book she shares tips on how to enhance memory. Currently, she is appearing on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, and has just started a new morning radio show.

News segment guests: Robert Young Pelton, Stan Deyo
Website(s):

    stephanaschwartz.com
    schwartzreport.net
    samueliinstitute.org
    marilu.com

Book(s):

    Opening to the Infinite
    The Alexandria Project
    The Secret Vaults of Time
    Total Memory Makeover

