Audrey Rose's very last published scene. Sadistic Rope, brutal deep throating, orgasm overload! | Audrey Rose | Matt Williams

May 22, 2013 


MP4 only. 
 
 
This is the end of an era. This will be the last new porn from Audrey Rose you will ever see. The final update from this beautiful, talented girl. She joins the vanilla world now, putting her education to good use in the 9-5 world. If you remember last time we told you it was her last scene filmed and it was, today is the last update we have to post and we are the last company she choose to work before her retirement.

We place Audrey in some tough Sadist Rope work. Elbows bound, strappado'd with a hair tie. Her huge mouth held open with a metal ring gag. She is on her knees at the perfect height for a serious throat fucking. Her natural breasts are cruelly tied, her engorged nipples threatening to explode from how tight her tits are bound, the pressure making Audrey wince every time we touch them. The first cock slides past her open mouth and hits the back of her throat, all air is cut off. Let the games begin. 

Audrey is run through a sexual gauntlet. Her pretty face is fucked and fucked deep, massive black cock reduces Audrey to a spit filled mess. We make her play with cock from behind as we fuck her mouth hole with reckless abandon. We push hard cock after hard cock balls deep down Audrey defenseless throat. We turn her mouth into a pussy and fuck it wet. Soon deep throat spit is drooling from her open mouth. We use that spit as lube, when we bring her to her feet and fuck her from both directions at the same time.

We overload Audrey with cock, pain and vibrators. The bondage is brutal as always, the cocks once again leave devastation in their wake. In the end we have Audrey against a beam strappado'd with her head upside down with the perfect view of 10-inch black cock pounding her her wet, shaved, helpless pussy. Audrey is fucked to several eyes-rolling-into-the-back-of-her-head orgasms. For the finale the vibrator makes Audrey scream, cum and beg. Her pussy is so sensitive, each orgasm we take from her is brutal, she begs and cries for us to stop making her cum. We do, we do.... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/05_22arose4/SexuallyBroken-Audrey-Rose-Matt-Williams-Audrey-Roses-very-last-published-scene-Sadistic-Rope-brutal-deep-throating-orgasm-overload.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

