Deep Creampies (Teen Fidelity) [DVDRip]

Actresses:
Karina White [Facial Creampie]
Kelly Madison
Presley Hart [Creampie]
Victoria Rae Black [Creampie]
Zoey Kush [Creampie]

Every girl gets 2 deep creampies! If you like them young and tight and full of cum then you've got the right video in your hand! Ryan and Kelly Madison have a taste for young ladies and Ryan just can't help himself but to fill their little holes full of his hot cum. After he cums deep inside their young holes he sticks his big cock back inside them and gives them another creampie! 2 Cumshots In Every Twat! 100% Hardcore Creampie Action!
--
"Cum In A Slut" - The film opens with Ryan Madison and Presley Hart going at it hot and heavy in the back of his van. He drops a load deep inside (it runs down her crack) and, afterwards, has her put her panties and dress back on. Later, the camera person (Ryan) follows Hart as she walks across an empty parking lot to a nearby store to purchase alcohol. With cum dripping through her panties and down her legs, she peruses the aisles as customers pass by blissfully unaware. "It’s like I have a secret that nobody knows about," she mutters to Ryan, when asked about walking around in public with a cum filled pussy. Back in the van, she plays with herself using a black vibrator. Arriving at his pad, they head inside where Hart blows him and they proceed to screw in cowgirl, standing cowgirl, mish, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, doggy and mish. After a lengthy turn, he drops his second load inside. It runs down her crack and onto the floor. Once again, he has her put her panties back on.
"Sleep Over Slut" - Ryan and Kelly are asleep in bed. Ryan wakes up with a raging hard-on and tries to initiate sex with Kelly, who wants no part of it. "I’m sleeping!" she barks. Frustrated and horny, Ryan slinks downstairs to make some coffee. No sooner does he reach the bottom stair that he realizes that they have a sleep-over guest, Karina White – whom they picked up from the bar earlier in the evening and had a threeway with. Anyway, Ryan being Ryan, he decides to molest her as she lay asleep on their couch. Karina wakes up and, with nary a word exchanged, the two go at it. Kelly eventually joins the duo. As they do, Kelly, with her gigantic water melons, and Ryan, with his huge cock, double up on (and absolutely destroy) the gorgeous, pale-skinned White, while taking time out to screw each other from time to time. Watch for Ryan swapping out fucking both girl’s pussies and later their tits leading to a hot double blowjob and, a little later, the first cream pie of the scene, deposited inside White’s pussy while standing up. It is replayed and slowed down to show the cum spilling out of Karina’s pussy and onto Kelly who is laying on the ground underneath them. Without any rest time, Ryan re-inserts and continues fucking away as if nothing had happened. He drops a second load across Karina’s chest and neck. He rubs his dick along her face and across Kelly’s. The cumshot is replayed and slowed down.
"Bangin' The Future" - Thanks to a pre-scene title card, we learn that Ryan, or a friend, has somehow discovered or invented a flux capacitor/time machine/Lamborghini and has zipped back into the past to bang a teenage version of Kelly Madison, something he has always wanted to do. Kelly is played by Victoria Rae Black who doesn’t really look much like her but, for the sake of art, I’m willing to suspend disbelief. Arriving in the 1980s dressed in hilarious Don Johnson circa Miami Vice attire (pastel shaded coat and shirt, pushed up sleeves, deck shoes etc.), Ryan discovers that his constant phone calls don’t seem to work as teenage Kelly assumes he’s a stalker. Arriving at her house with some wine one day seems to do the trick. She invites him in. Over a few glasses of the bubbly, Ryan informs her that he is from the future and shows her a picture of herself at 40-something. Victoria takes it all in stride even commenting on how good her boobs are gonna be. Sadly, the image begins to fade, so they determine that they have to have sex to save her. Okay. Before that, he agrees to take her back to the future so they can consummate the act. Why? Wouldn’t that just fuck things up even worse? Sigh. I’m just as confused as you. Thankfully Victoria is cute with a really sexy body and big natural titties, so watching her strip, masturbate and get fucked in a half dozen positions is fun. Ryan and Victoria have a nice chemistry, meaning lots of kissing and eye contact. Watch as Victoria peers on with lust-filled eyes as Ryan spurts off deep inside her hot box. With cum dripping down her crack, Ryan keeps going, getting off a second cumshot across her pussy mere seconds after the first. He re-inserts a few times. She pushes his semen out onto the bed. The segment simply ends with no further explanation of events. So what happened to Kelly?
"Big Cock Workout" - While Zoey Kush is having a quiet workout in her living-room her upstairs neighbour, Ryan Madison, seems to be in the early stages of a complete meltdown. As thrash metal blares through his speakers, Ryan alternates between punching walls, smoking pot, downing beer after beer and checking himself out in a mirror. Rushing downstairs, he barges into Zoey’s apartment where he drags her by the hair into her bedroom. Given how Zoey is smiling throughout the whole thing, we have to assume that they know each other and this rough play is part of some pre-sex ritual they have concocted. In the bedroom, the two oral each other, leading to Zoey holding a black vibrator to her clit while Ryan screws her in over a dozen joint stretching, acrobatic positions on the bed and off. She appears to orgasm for real multiple times, barely even paying attention to her partner throughout. While screwing in mish, Ryan announces that he is about to orgasm. As he ejaculates inside Zoey’s pussy, a sea of blood, not semen, starts spilling out. It’s a lot of blood. His cock turns crimson as Zoey, completely unaware, cheers him on. Yikes. What a nightmare. Realizing what is happening, the camera person briskly moves away from the icky visual to show Ryan, looking flustered, whispering something to Zoey. He appears somewhat concerned. Probably something about bloody cream pies or something. Seriously, WTF? Talk about mood killer. The scene cuts. After a quick edit, we see that Zoey has been cleaned up. Ryan, looking a little worse for wear, continues screwing her as the camera stays way away from the penetration focusing instead on their faces. Dude, you just came blood, call a fucki

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=sjm56cjd5v9q5a8gk0p7.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=xrwmzi5ectjo7tfo83jn.jpeg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=bvnswxqewmvd08boxaz7.jpeg