DVD Ripper Pro

Best DVD ripper helps you rip/convert DVD to AVI, MP4, WMV, MPEG, MKV, FLV etc on Windows 8.

Aneesoft DVD Ripper Pro is the best DVD ripper which helps you to rip and convert DVDs to AVI, MOV, MP4, WMV, XviD, DivX, FLV, RM, MKV, MPEG and more. Also it's easy to convert DVD movies to iPad 4, iPad mini, iPad 3, iPad 2, iPad, iPhone 4S, Kindle Fire, Galaxy Tab 10.1, PSP, Apple TV, BlackBerry, Zune, Xbox 360, HP TouchPad, Motorola Xoom, BlackBerry PlayBook, iRiver, NDS, Wii, iTunes, iMovie, iDVD, YouTube and more.

With this best DVD Ripper tool you may rip and convert DVD movies for playing back on all popular portable devices, as well as this smart DVD ripper can help you edit video by merging, trimming, cropping, watermarking, effecting, deinterlacing and more. With support for multi-core processing, multithreading and batch conversion, you can convert multiple files in fastest speed.

Rip/convert DVD to MP4, WMV, AVI, MOV, MPEG, 3GP, FLV and more
Extract DVD soundtrack to MP3, AAC, WMA etc.
Rip/convert DVDs for mobile devices: iPad 4, iPad mini, iPad 3, iPad 2, iPad, iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPhone4, iPod touch 5, Kindle Fire, Apple TV, PSP, Galaxy Tab, HP TouchPad, Motorola Xoom etc.
Edit DVD movies before conversion: merge, trim, crop, add watermark, deinterlace, apply effect, adjust contrast and brightness...
Select the subtitle and soundtrack for the movie

Key Features of Aneesoft DVD Ripper Pro

Powerful DVD ripper on Windows

Rip DVD to multiple different video formats
Rip DVD to MP4, AVI, MOV, 3GP, FLV, ASF, MKV, WMV, M4V, MPG, VOB, RM, TS, HD video etc. video files. 
Extract audio from DVD 
Rip DVD audio to AAC, M4A, AC3, MP3, OGG, WAV, AIFF, FLAC, MP2, AU audio files. 
Specific devices as output
The best DVD Ripper supports all popular portable devices, like the new iPad, iPad 2, iPhone 4S, Apple TV, Kindle Fire, iPod Touch, HP Touchpad, Galaxy Tab, Nokia Phones, BlackBerry Phones, PSP, PS3, Xbox 360, Zune etc.

Powerful customizable functions

Select DVD subtitle and soundtrack
If your DVD movie comes with multiple subtitles and soundtracks, you're allowed to set prefered subtitle and soundtrack for the output video in Aneesoft DVD Ripper Pro.
Merge multiple DVDs into one file
With several DVDs merged into one file for output, you'll enjoy a single long movie with a single click.
Trim video clips
Clip any segment of your video by setting the exact start and end time.
Crop the play region of video
Adjust the playing region of your video and aspect ratio to fit for your favor and player. 
Adjust video effect
Adjust video effect: Brightness, Contrast, apply for effect, such as Gray, 3DGrid, Gama etc. 
Add watermark to your video
Add picture or text watermark with customized transparency, size and position for the output videos. 
Advanced video audio settings
Set the Profile, Codec, Resolution, Bitrate, Frame Rate for the output video and Codec, Sample Rate, Bitrate, Channel for the output audio, which is totally up to you.

Best user experience

Fast converting speed
With Multi-Core processors and batch conversion supported in Aneesoft DVD Ripper Pro, DVD ripping is faster than ever! 
Easy to use
To rip DVD to video format, what you need to do is to load the DVD movie disk or add movies file from your hard disk, then set the Profile and start converting DVD movies.
Preview and compare
In the built-in video editing tool, you can preview and compare the original and edited movies at the same time.
Capture snapshots from DVD movies 
While you're playing back the DVD movie in Aneesoft DVD Ripper Pro, you can capture some screenshots from the DVD movies to be saved as .png format. 

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8.
512MB RAM (1G or above recommended)
20MB space for installation
Super VGA (1024×768) resolution, 32-bit graphics card or higher
2.4GHz Intel/AMD processor or above

Homepage: http://www.aneesoft.com/win-dvd-ripper.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given serial.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.