For the proper functioning of the computer is essential that all your hardware components are in perfect harmony. One way to achieve this harmony is to keep the drivers of these components always updated.

If you do not have the time or patience to dig for the websites of the manufacturers behind the latest versions of these software, the DriverPack Solution is an application that is very useful.

With this program, just click to download and install all the drivers for the machine to have any novelty. Thus, the user saves time, saves effort and, to boot, the computer keeps ringing.

Friendly interface

The visual aspect of DriverPack Solution is simple and modern. The functions of the software are distributed so well organized, and there are no hidden menus or tabs. All you need to operate the program is displayed on the first screen. This makes the user experience more practical and enjoyable.

The application configuration options are arranged in the left corner of the window can be hidden by clicking on the link "hide". In this section, the available power user mode, by which you can define the creation of logs each process, the display of the CPU temperature display and automatic installation of drivers, for example.



A button called "Device Manager" serves as a shortcut to the management tool of Windows devices. Through this mechanism it is possible to check whether the performance of DriverPack Solution succeeded.

Time to upgrade

It is worth noting that the use of this program you will be manipulating resources essential to the proper functioning of the PC. So before taking any action with DriverPack Solution, make a backup of your files and create a restore point of the operating system. You do not know how to do this? Then go to the articles that teach the process in Windows 7, Vista and XP.

At the time of installation of driver updates, you need to be careful because it is offered as standard implementation of other software and a toolbar. If you do not want to apply no program beyond DriverPack Solution, select the "Setting" and uncheck the box "Set Yandeks.Bar" - as in the image below.

When drivers enter the installation process, it is possible that Windows displays a security alert by blocking the action of the software. Confirm the installation by means of the menu displayed by the OS.

Hot Tip!

The DriverPack Solution can be run directly from the folder downloaded by download manager torrents. To do this, simply run the executable called "autorun.hta". In addition to this form of execution, you can save the downloaded folder to a DVD. Thus, you can run it on other machines.
