Natural Health - July/August 2013 (no ADS)
English | 100 pages | PDF | 30.1 mb

Cover stories
28 Alarming news about the fish you're eating
30 Daphne Oz: What you should be eating
36 A berry for flawless skin
42 Beach yoga basics
56 Chronic pain? Harness the healing power of meditation, biofeedback and breathing
62 Supercharge your summer
70 Shop smarter at the farmers market
76 What your dreams really mean
86 The surprising solution to your fatigue, weight gain & depression

Features
Health
62 Go Super Natural for Summer  - Here comes the sun! Be prepared with our guide to all things summertime—from a naturally cool house to a chilled-out body image and everything in between. » By Leslie Goldman
Nutrition
70 Ugly is Beautiful A - Japanese philosophy called wabi-sabi says there's beauty in imperfection. And in the produce world, that means the ugliest veggies are often the tastiest. » By Jesse Cool
Psych
76 While You Were Sleeping - What do your dreams tell you? Here's how to delve into your night visions and figure out what they really mean. » By Frances Lefkowitz
Beauty
80 Eternal Sunshine of the Prettiest Kind Nix makeup meltdowns with our experts' tips for a gorgeous, natural summer glow. » By Virginia I. Pelley

Departments
15 10 Ways to Go Natural - Save a tree ... green your water filter... nix negative Nancy... foster change with your flip-flops ... and more.
20 Naturally - Love Your Pets: Maintain control at the dog park ... Move More: Electronics-free hiking benefits ... Stay Healthy: Anxiety about your relationship can make you sick ... Eat Well: Drink green tea to improve heart health... Dish: Daphne Oz's Grilled Caesar Salad.
32 Vital Advice - How Can I Treat ADHD? Focus a fast-paced, wandering mind naturally. » By Cassie Tomlin
34 Beauty News-  Our favorite household cleaning brands now make beauty products ... A summer travel kit that's the bee's knees.
36 Natural Beauty - A Berry With Benefits: Want to keep summer skin supple and brittle hair at bay? Turn to super ingredient sea buckthorn. » By Ashlee Hillier
42 Mind Body Fitness - This Way to Namaste: Take your practice to the vast expanse of the great outdoors! Here are five yoga poses to do the next time you find your feet in the sand.
50 Healthy Appetites - From Garden to Glass: Fresh summer cocktails from The Drunken Botanist. » By Amy Stewart
56 Good Medicine  - Escape the Hurt: Mind-body techniques can relieve chronic pain without medication. » By Christina Boufis
86 Natural Healing - Hormonal Harmony: Our five-point plan will help you get your balance back. » By Marnell Jameson
90 Ask the Experts - Fly Right: Can I fight jet lag without drugs? And more.
96 Make One Change - #takeitoffline: Detox from your social media addiction. » By Cassie Tomlin

In every issue
4 naturalhealth.com
10 Editor's Letter
12 Speak Your Mind
92 Shopping Guide