Bigasoft FLV Converter

Convert FLV to PC, iPod, iPhone, PSP and Mobile for watching YouTube, MySpace videos anywhere.

Nowadays, Flash Video is becoming more and more popular, most of which are in the format of FLV. If you want to watch these videos on various portable playback devices, Bigasoft FLV Converter is your must-have.

Bigasoft FLV Converter is a great way to help you convert FLV and online videos like YouTube video, MySpace and so on to enjoy anywhere beyond web pages. The powerful FLV (Flash Video) converter is able to easily transform FLV videos to popular video formats such as AVI, Xvid, DivX, MP4, WMV, MOV, MPEG, MPG, etc. with excellent quality.

Moreover, it can exact audio from FLV movies to hear music only on PC, iPod, iPhone and diverse portable devices.

Furthermore, the FLV video conversion tool is customizable and it gives you full control over video editing and output settings. Offer easy way to trim, crop, merge video and add water mark to video.

Key Features:

Convert FLV to any format
Convert Flash Video (FLV, F4V, F4P, and HD FLV) to any popular video formats such as AVI, Xvid, DivX, MP4, WMV, MOV, MPEG, MPG, etc. with excellent quality for best fun. Bigasoft FLV Converter can be used as a YouTube converter, MySpace converter and so on.
Convert FLV to any devices
Convert FLV direct to your PC, iPod, iPhone, PSP and Mobile, such as convert FLV to AVI for Creative ZEN; convert FLV to MPEG for DVD or CD player; convert FLV to MP4 for iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Sony PSP; convert FLV to 3GP for cell phones; convert FLV to WMV for Zune and Pocket PC; convert FLV to MOV for iPhone, iPod, or Apple TV.
Hear FLV music only
It can extracts audio tracks from FLV videos like convert FLV to MP3 for listening on your portable devices.
Preview
You can watch movies before conversion due to the built-in FLV player.
Take photos
Preview videos before you convert and take a snapshot if you like some video screen images when previewing.
Excellent quality
Good quality of video and audio can be maintained.
Trim video
By set the start time of the segment and time length to convert, any segment from your video can be transcoded.
Powerful video editing
Have option to select video size, bit rate, frame rate, audio codec, sample rate etc
Zoom
It offers different zoom modes and video cropping for you to set. Help you get right dimension and aspect ratio as you like.
Pause conversion
When converting FLV files, you can pause, stop and continue at any moment.
Batch conversion
With the functionality of batch conversion, it will save your time on converting multiple FLV files with a task list.
Free risk free
Free download and try Bigasoft FLV Converter risk free.
Easy as 1-2-3
With the simple and clear interface, Bigasoft FLV Converter can help you complete conversion as easy as 1-2-3.
FLV conversion to H.264 video super fast
Now you can enjoy super conversion that Bigasoft FLV Converter brings you. Converting FLV to H.264 video will be maximally 10X faster if your PC is enhanced by NVIDIA CUDA.
Windows Vista supported
The FLV converter runs on all versions of Microsoft Windows including Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.
Multiple languages support
Bigasoft FLV Converter provides four language interfaces: German, French, Japanese, English and Chinese.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/flv-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
