Jagged Alliance: Crossfire *READNFO* (c) Kalypso Media
release date: June 2766
protection: Steam
# of discs: 1
languages: EN/FR/DE/IT/ES/RU

Job well done, soldier! The island of Arulco is
free; however, there are other countries under the
shadow of war that are ignored by the rest of the
world. Khanpaa, a peaceful and tranquil nation, is
being held in the terrifying iron grip of a group
of paid mercenaries... yet the United Nations looks
the other way. UN ambassador Behnam Atiqullah tries
to help his home country, but there is not much he
can do. Military intervention from a major world
power seems not to be an option and Khanpaa appears
all alone... That's where YOU come in! As the
strategic genius behind your own personal Private
Military Corporation, you've offed to help by
bringing in your team of skilled mercenaries to
retake the tormented nation of Khanpaa! Help the
oppressed people by hiring a team of hardened
guns-for-hire and prepare for battle in
treacherously frozen mountain badlands. Along the
way, discover why Khanpaa has been turned into a
bloody battlefield and who aims to truly profit
Jagged Alliance: Crossfire is a stand-alone
expansion to the hit tactical RPG Jagged
Alliance: Back in Action. Crossfire adds new
mercenaries, new environments and new weapons to
challenge the player's battlefield planning skills
while offering the combination of humorous dialog
and realistic combat fans have come to expect from
the series' decade-long history

1- burn or mount
2- Install the game
3- Copy the cracked content from PROPHET dir
4- Go To Hell!

READNFO:
POSTMORTEM Multi8 release should be nuked long time
ago. First of all it's not Multi8 - Polish and
Czech translations never existed for this addon
Parts of the game that are translated for thoes
languages come from Jagged Alliance Back in
Action game - mission notes, emails, etc are not
translated for Crossfire addon. In addition thier
language selector does not work properly as game
requires additional files for some languages. Also
the installer crashes when you try to install
Visual C++ Redistributable and the release seems to
be oversized somehow - its ~800mb more with same
content included
