The Training of an Anal Slut, Day Two

Mar 8, 2013 - Performers: Penny Pax and Owen Gray 


WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.        
        

My mind is made up to use this trainee's ass all week long. In fact, I am going to only punish that pussy, and reward her gaping asshole. But first, the lessons… 

I the Labor 
The former hogtied set is a mess of stinking hay leftover from some other shoot. Our sweet little slut is assigned the task of cleaning this dump. She has about 20 minutes per day to give the task, and I am up her ass all the way, every day. The guys in the Art Dept. are betting she cannot finish in time. She better. 

II the Conditioning 
I tie her down in a painful arch that presents her bad pussy to the camera, and to my crop. I kindly explain to her that the premise of this scene is simple: when I hear what I want to hear out of her yappie little fuck-hole, it gets the vibe. When I do not hear what I want to hear, it gets the crop. 

III Blowing the Gimp 
The gimp is always horny, always hungry. Especially for greedy little porn star trainees like this cock slut. I decide to make it more interesting, and tether her pretty tits to a punishing leash. Now she has a choice: take the thick gagging cock deep in her throat, or suffer the torment of those pretty tits getting pulled off. 

IV Ass Slut 
I build a simple contraption that fastens our little ass piggy down to the floor like a dog to be fucked. Her ass is pushed up, out and open in a lewd presentation of her goods. Before having her ass stuffed with cock, I decide a vibe blasting her dirty pussy will be more punishment than reward, and turn it on high. 

This update includes: erotic manual labor, slave training, blonde cock sucker, hot blonde fucked in the ass, nipple leash, nipple torment, predicament bondage, ass plug, slave orgasms

Screens   
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=28386

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

