Taken from

Queen + Adam Lambert - Live in Hammersmith 12 July 2012 (NTSC multicam)

This multicam is sourced from many different video's. Different video's with different quality. So don't expect the complete concert to look top notch.
But most of it turned out quite nice.

During the synchronisation of the video I realized sometimes the audio sounds a lot better, when taken from different sources.
So instead of just using my version 2 audio as soundtrack, I decided to make a new mix.
With some audio elements of the better sounding video's are mixed in. Some of them are lossy. So the LPCM track is not completely lossless.

There are two versions of the mix available. The 5.1 mix and the stereo mix. Both are made from the same elements, but mixed together differently.
For me the 5.1 mix is the preferable mix. Because it uses more speakers, it just sounds more natural.

Songs:
Introduction - Flash/The Hero
Seven Seas of Rhye
Keep Yourself Alive
We Will Rock You (fast)
Fat Bottomed Girls
Don't Stop Me Now
Under Pressure
I Want It All
Who Wants To Live Forever
A Kind Of Magic
Days Of Our Lives
Somebody to Love
Love of my Life
39
Dragon Attack
Drum Battle
Last Horizon
Brighton Rock Solo
I Want To Break Free
Another One Bites The Dust
Radio Ga Ga
Crazy Little Thing Called Love
The Show Must Go On
Bohemian Rhapsody

Tie Your Mother Down
We Will Rock You
We Are The Champions
God Save The Queen

Technical details:
Runtime: 2h 07m
Audio track 1: 24 bit LPCM stereo
Audio track 2 384 kbps 5.1 surround AC3

Used software:
Microsoft Windows 7
Microsoft Windows Xp
Ubuntu Linux 12.4
Adobe Audition
Sony Vegas
Virtualdub
Avisynth
HCenc
Aften AC3 encoder
DVDMaestro

Video sources (Youtube or Queenzone usernames):
adamlambertbe, Artistsupporter, FreddieFreak86, gavitana, Hollandfan3, Jack260988, jungpeter1958gmail, Sikkevanderveen, VampGirlPrague, Vanglam76 and Wer-Al_Zwowe.

Audio sources:
gavitana, jungpeter1958gmail, Kyo_jp, Sikkevanderveen, VampGirlPrague, Vanglam76 and Wer-Al_Zwowe

I want to thank all the people who allowed me to use their video's. Without your permission and support this was not possible.
I also want to thank Queen + Adam Lambert for this amazing concert. I hope to see more of them in the future. 