sQz&lt;SAC&gt;

Dynamic Auto Painter Pro x64 v3.2 (C) MediaChance

Disks: 26 x 5mb                               Date : February 12, 2013
OS   : Windows x64                            Type : Incl. Keygen

Release Description:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dynamic Auto-Painter (DAP) is a fun to use software to automatically
turn a photo or a 3D rendering into great looking painting inspired by
some of the most famous real world artists. 

This is not your ordinary photo-to-painting effect! Instead of changing
the pixels of the photo itself, DAP uses the input image only as a guide
to paint the scene with many different brushes and guided by real-world
artists inspired techniques. 

Looks like painting from a distance

One thing that puts DAP above others is that the output images will look
like a painting even in small size (for example resized on web or
looking from a distance when printed). This is normally a common
deal-breaker with all automatic filters which when resized down will
look simply like a processed photo. 

Looks like painting up-close

Looking at details you may think we are showing you a real canvas. An in
some sense it is actually true. There is an option in the software
called Real Canvas that simulates the way a real canvas or artistic
paper interact with the paint. There is enough details even for a
largest print. 

Never paints the same image twice

Not only you have different painter styles, you can choose different
impressions and palettes. However even with the same settings the brush
strokes will differ from one image to another as would do with a real
painter. 

We spent years of researching the technique of famous impressionist
painters in order to be able to closely mimic their style of painting,
something which has never been successfully done in an automatic
computer painting program before. 

This professional 64bit version adds additional tools and newly
developed HD presets for ultra realistic complex details and brushworks.
With the right subject it is capable of producing large multi-mega
pixel, highly detailed paintings that look real and organic even when
"pixel peeping" while still keeping a distinguishable style of a real
painter.

Installation:
"""""""""""""""

Just install. Use included keygen to make valid unlock code(s).

Greetz:
"""""""""""""""

Contact Us:
"""""""""""""""