clean version



 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleeper_(1973_film)


Sleeper is a 1973 futuristic science fiction comedy film, written by Woody Allen and Marshall Brickman, and directed by Allen. The plot involves the adventures of the owner (played by Woody Allen) of a health food store who is cryogenically frozen in 1973 and defrosted 200 years later in an inept totalitarian state. The film contains many elements which parody notable works of science fiction.
 

 Plot
 
Miles Monroe (Woody Allen), a jazz musician and owner of the 'Happy Carrot' Health-Food store in 1973, is made subject to Cryopreservation without his consent, and not revived for 200 years. The scientists who revive him are members of a rebellion: 22nd-century America seems to be a police state ruled by a dictator, about to implement a secret plan known as the "Aires Project". The rebels hope to use Miles as a spy to infiltrate the Aires Project, because he is the only member of this society without a known biometric identity.
 
The authorities discover the scientists' project, and arrest them; but Miles escapes by disguising himself as a robot, and goes to work as a butler in the house of socialite Luna Schlosser (Diane Keaton). When Luna decides to have his head replaced with something more "aesthetically pleasing," Miles reveals his true identity to her; whereupon Luna threatens to give Miles to the authorities. In response, he kidnaps her and goes on the run, searching for the Aires Project.
 
Miles and Luna fall in love; but Miles is captured and brainwashed, by which he becomes a complacent member of futuristic society, while Luna joins the rebellion. The rebels kidnap Miles and force reverse-brainwashing, whereupon he remembers his past and joins their efforts. Miles becomes jealous when he catches Luna kissing the rebel leader, Erno Windt (John Beck), and she tells him that she believes in free love.
 
Miles and Luna successfully infiltrate the Aires Project, wherein they learn that the national Leader was killed by a rebel bomb ten months previously, and all that survives is his nose. The nose has been kept alive, and the members of the Aires Project, mistaking Miles and Luna for doctors, ask them to clone the leader from this single remaining part; but Miles steals the nose and "assassinates" it by dropping it in the path of a steamroller.
 
After escaping, Miles and Luna debate their future together. He tells her that Erno will inevitably become as corrupt as the Leader. Miles and Luna confess their love for one another, but she claims that science has proven men and women cannot have meaningful relationships due to chemical incompatibilities. Miles dismisses this, saying that he does not believe in science, and Luna points out that he does not believe in God or political systems either. Luna asks Miles if there is anything he does believe in, and he responds with the famous line, "Sex and death. Two things that come once in a lifetime. But at least after death you're not nauseous."[2] The two embrace.
 
 Cast
 Woody Allen as Miles Monroe
 Diane Keaton as Luna Schlosser
 John Beck as Erno Windt
 Marya Small as Dr. Nero
 Susan Miller as Ellen Pogrebin
 Mary Gregory as Dr. Melik
 Don Keefer as Dr. Tyron
 Peter Hobbs as Dr. Dean
 John McLiam as Dr. Aragon
 Bartlett Robinson as Dr. Orva
 Chris Forbes as Rainer Krebs
 Brian Avery as Herald Cohen
 Jackie Mason (uncredited voice) as robot tailor
 Douglas Rain (uncredited voice) as Evil Computer / Various robot butlers
 
 Production
 
The film was shot in and around Denver, Colorado. The outdoor shots of the hospital were filmed at the Table Mesa Laboratory of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado. There is also a cameo appearance of the main building of the Denver Botanic Gardens and of the signature concrete lamp posts. The Sculptured House, designed by architect Charles Deaton, is a private home known locally as the "Sleeper House" located on Genesee Mountain near Genesee Park, west of Denver. The Mile Hi Church of Religious Science[3] in Lakewood, Colorado was turned into a futuristic McDonald's,[4] featuring a sign counting the number sold: The digit 1 followed by more than twenty zeroes.
 
The film contains several plot points which parody or spoof several well-known works of science-fiction, most notably H. G. Wells' The Sleeper Awakes and George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. Another direct homage/parody is the use of actor Douglas Rain (best known as the voice of HAL 9000 in 2001: A Space Odyssey) to voice the evil computer in Sleeper.
 
But Sleeper is mainly a comedic tribute to the comedians whom Woody Allen deeply admires: Benny Hill and Bob Hope.[5]
