About the game:

The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing open world video game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. 
Skyrim's main story revolves around the player character's efforts to defeat Alduin, a Dragon who is prophesied to destroy the world. 
Set two hundred years after Oblivion, the game takes place in the fictional province of Skyrim, upon the continent of Tamriel, and the planet of Nirn. 
The open world gameplay of The Elder Scrolls series returns in Skyrim; the player can explore the land at will and ignore or postpone the main quest indefinitely.
Following the Dragon attack on Helgen, the player character may choose to escape either with Hadvar, an Imperial soldier, or Ralof, a Stormcloak rebel. 
After the escape, the player travels to the town of Riverwood. The player is asked to journey to the city of Whiterun, and request aid from the Jarl against the Dragon threat. 
The Jarl agrees to send soldiers to Riverwood, but asks that the player retrieve a Dragonstone. 
The player discovers a Word Wall in the process, learning their first "Thu'um", one of the dragon shouts, in the process....



 System Requirements

    Minimum:
        OS: Windows 7 / Vista / XP PC (32 or 64 bit)
        Processor: Dual Core 2.0GHz or equivalent processor
        Memory: 2GB System RAM
        Hard Disk Space: 13 GB free HDD Space
        Video Card: Direct X 9.0c compliant video card with 512 MB of RAM
        Sound: DirectX compatible sound card


Notes:
This version of game is already cracked - just install and play.
Game version  v1.9.32.0
Included DLC:
 - Dawnguard
 - Dragonborn
 - Hearthfire
 - HD Textures 



How to install:
After download is done:
- open The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim+DLC-=AviaRa=-.exe (executable file) as Administrator ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=12825.0

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      


