Ep 01: During a raid against a gang of traffickers, the commissioner Marc-Antoine Rezzoni is gravely hurt. Some days later, in Roissy... The main commissioner Lydie Herzog receives certain Frank Riva disembarking from a flight of the Bahamas. It accepts its mission of Xavier Unger, the Directeur général de la Police: investigate the night of raid. Who is Frank Riva, where from does he come and why did they remind of it for this mission? No one knows it. But his methods are efficient and it takes back up the lane of the malefactors fast. Clinches also dive again into a painful past by finding Catherine, the woman of her life, left by the years before. Without a word. To protect it. Rezzoni succumbs to his wounds and the truth bursts finally: Clinches is his brother, François Rezzoni of his true name. This ex-police officer, specialist of seepage, must have escaped France having dismantled the clan mafioso of the Loggia. Twenty-five years passed and it is in the same Loggia which its inquiry brings back Clinched: old Norbert and his son Aphorism. More powerful than never. Epaulé by the captain Sebastian and the first lieutenants Roth and Buscema, Clinched discover that his brother was not perhaps white as snows and that a traitor hides himself in the team. Probably the man who killed Mark Antoine Rezzoni.

Ep 02: At the exit of a nightclub, ancient two gangsters are slaughtered by a killer with motorbike. The third succeeds in escaping. Clinches acknowledges the victims: men of hand of the Loggia. Events chain themselves. The unknown young person who rings one evening at Catherine and runs away at the sight of Clinched other is than Nina Rizzi, her daughter. Catherine is in charge of her since the death of her mother. Nina disappears and Clinched spear Sebastian to his research. The men of the clan Loggia fall in turn. Settlings of scores or blood feud? Francis Melfi, the survivor of killing off, helps Clinches to take back up the lane of the killer to motorbike. It is about a girl, Mary Forlo, haunted by the wish to avenge his father, carried out under the eyes on order of Norbert Loggia. Sebastian found Nina. Faced with am hard between Clinches and his daughter. Independent and wild, she waits for nothing of this father fallen of anywhere. It entrusts to Catherine that she is pregnant and refuses to name the father. Clinches wonder. If the enemy was Aphorism, hidden behind his facade of dignity? Who draws twines? Gives information Mary about the mafioso? He offers to Mary to go back up together until Norbert Loggia but, at the end of tracking, she slaughters the old mafioso and flees. As for Nina, it was kidnapped.

Ep 03: The team of Frank Riva is concentrated on the research of Nina. Kidnapped by Aphorism Loggia, Nina is locked up in a private hospital in Switzerland. He is the father of the child for whom she waits but ignores that she is the girl of Riva. Juliet, assistant of Riva, infiltrated the firm of Aphorism Loggia, claiming itself computer scientist. It discovers that heroine's load is going to arrive from Colombia. While Buscema leaves in Switzerland on Nina's lane, Clinched and Lydie Herzog take up a mousetrap to divert the delivery of narcotic. While Aphorism is going to have to explain with the Colombian traffickers the failure of its first big transaction, Clinched offers him a market: the heroine in exchange for Nina. Aphorism accepts but operation takes place badly. If Nina is safe and sound, Aphorism, injured man, manages to run away. Clinched discovers which draws twines, informs Mary Forlo, raises the gangsters some against the others and uses him since his return in France. Xavier Unger, the manager of the police. His oldest friend. Destroyed by the death of his wife, Unger acknowledges facts while swearing in Clinches that he made everything to protect it. As they protect his king in a game of chess. Ecoeuré, Clinched be going to leave again towards his distant islands, but the belly rounded up by Nina makes it change the mind...