Introducing Extra Credit!  Soon after the launch of Scam School, I frequently had requests to teach larger, more complicated tricks and feats on the show. The problem is, Scam School has always been about learning a simple concept that, even after a few beers, you could half-remember the episode and still have a decent chance at pulling it off.  Extra Credit is for those of you who want to give some extra time and effort to practicing a more advanced technique.  While you'll be devoting more time, man is it going to be worth it ΓÇô if what you've learned on Scam School has scored you a fair share of free cold ones, Extra Credit is going to do you wonders.  Give me $2 and 20 minutes and I'll go through all you need to know for these more advanced routines. 


In this premiere lesson, I take you through the steps to pull of the 3 Coin Trick.  You'll learn two advanced, yet easy-to-learn moves that will have you scamming even the most attentive of audiences.  The best part is, the 3 coin trick works with any objects:  bottle caps, paper clips... I've even performed it on the beach using some random rocks I found.  Once you get the simple progression down, you'll have a surefire, solid, adaptable routine that you can do anytime, anywhere.

***Thank you for watching Extra Credit, even if it is a free copy you torrented ;) ΓÇª  To directly support this show, please consider purchasing a copy for only $1.99.  These videos are 100% produced independently and your monetary support will directly benefit the quality and number of episodes for this project.  Extra Credit is a part of ScamStuff.com, an online shop dedicated to helping you easily gather the right props to pull off a variety of bar scams and tricks to score free drinks.  This copy of Extra Credit was not paid for, but hey don't feel bad ΓÇô we've all been in this boat before.  Maybe you just wanted to give the series a shot before paying for it or maybe you don't have the cash right now.  We do encourage you to consider purchasing this and other episodes of Extra Credit if you like the content and would like to see more.  Viewer support is the only way this show will survive, so we thank you for considering supporting us in the future.  This studio?  It's inside Brian's house.  That little girl?  Unpaid labor from Brian's own daughter.  Jon?  Well, that's just Jon, but he deserves something, too...  The point is that we're not some mega-corporation that's trying to squeeze blood out of a stone.  We're just Brian and a couple of assistants trying to teach some more advanced tricks than we can get away with on Scam School.  So if Brian ever won you a free drink, why not return the favor by giving him two lousy dollars.  That's *literally* less than the cost of a coke at the airport... and there isn't even any liquor in there.***