Violeta De Outono Seventh Brings Return A Tribute To Syd Barrett DVD

Musicians :
Fabio Golfetti - guitars, vocals
Gabriel Costa - bass
Claudio Souza - drums
Fernando Cardoso - keyboards
Треклист:
01. - Astronomy Domine
02. - Arnold Layne
03. - See Emily Play
04. - Lucifer Sam
05. - Matilda Mother
06. - Flaming
07. - Interstellar Overdrive
08. - The Gnome
09. - Chapter 24
10. - Scarecrow
11. - Bike
12. - Jugband Blues
13. - No Good Trying
Доп. информация: Violeta De Outono biography:
Sporadic meetings in a basement in the district of Pinheiros, Sao Paulo/Brazil, originated the band formed by Fabio Golfetti, Claudio Souza (ex-members of the first formation of the band Zero) and Angelo Pastorello. The sound, a result of the integration of psychedelic/progressive rock and elements of contemporary art such as architecture and visual arts influenced by bands like PINK FLOYD, BEATLES, GONG and many others.Psychedelic rock band lined-up in 1984 in Sao Paulo, they started making a reputation in the underground scene in the next year, when they recorded a demo tape with the songs "Outono", "Dia Eterno", "Declinio de Maio" and "Reflexos da Noite". The tape got heavy rotation on alternative radio stations in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. In 1986, they recorded a three-track EP on Wop Bop Discos and signed up to RCA (currently BMG) in 1987, releasing the debut album "Violeta de Outono". After the package named "The Early Years" (comprised of a cassette tape, a EP and a libretto), the follow-up album, "Em Toda Parte", came about in 1989. In 1991, vocalist and guitarist Fabio Golfetti left the band to
dedicate to the instrumental project Opera Invisivel, releasing a solo album, "Glissando Spirit", two years later on the label Low Life. VIOLETA made a comeback in 1994, recording new demo tapes and a new album, but they ended up releasing "Eclipse", with live recordings from 1986. The album with new songs, "Mulher na Montanha", was released in 1999 on the English label Voiceprint, featuring recordings made four years before.The Early Years collects material recorded in April and May 1988, before Brazilian progressive rock outfit VIOLETA DE OUTONO released its first album. The five tracks on this CD are covers of psychedelic/prog songs. Included are the ROLLING STONES, PINK FLOYD, GONG," George Harrison and a medley of FLOYD and LED ZEPPELIN. Interpretations are also quite average and stay close to the originals. This CD is clearly for the fan or the collector of South American prog/psych music.
Разбивка на главы по трекам: есть
Качество : DVD5
Формат: DVD video
Видео кодек: MPEG2
Аудио кодек: PCM
Видео: NTSC 4:3 (720x480) VBR
Аудио: Not specified, LPCM, Delay = 0 mSec 