Supernatural Season 8 Episode 14

"Trial and Error"

Sam and Dean have moved into MOL site, Dean finally having his own room and cooking while Sam dives inoto the library. After weeks of work, Kevin Tran (guest star Osric Chau) finally cracks the instructions on how to close the gates of Hell and calls Sam and Dean. Kevin has learned that in order to do this, someone must complete three trials. The first of which is killing a hellhound, bathing in its blood, and reciting a spell (the spell is recited after the completion of each trial). Deciding to track down a hellhoud, Sam identifies the Cassity family in Idaho who struck oil where there should be none ten years ago, indicating they made a deal with a Crossroads Demon. At the Cassity farm, Sam and Dean take jobs in order to keep an eye on the family and kill the hellhound that will be sent to collect the person's soul. Believing it to be the owner, Alice, Sam and Dean miss the hellhound killing her husband Carl who they learn made a deal for Alice to fall in love with him. Realizing that there is still someone else who made a crossroads deal, Sam and Dean remain so that they don't have to start over. Kevin calls and tells them that only the damned, or an item "scorched" by holy fire can see a hellhound, leading Dean to find glasses he can wave in a fire made with holy oil. The whole Cassity family arrives to comfort Alice and while Dean tries to find the hellhound, Sam focuses on finding which one of the bickering family members made the deal. Along the way, he learns that the deal was made with Crowley himself. Eventually, while trying to hunt what she believes is a wolf that killed Carl, Margo, the youngest family member is killed by the hellhound and it is learned that she believed her family would be happy if they struck oil. The hellhound remains continues to hunt around the house, indicating that someone else made a deal as well. Dean learns that the ranch manager Ellie (Danay García) made a deal to save her mother from Parkinson's disease when she was 15. Dean battles the hellhound when it goes after Ellie, but when he fails, Sam kills it and is coated in its blood, making him the one to complete the trials. Sam and Dean give Ellie a hexbag and send her on the run from Crowley, believing that if she keeps hidden, Crowley won't be able to send another hellhound to kill her. After convincing Dean that there is hope for life to continue after Hell is closed instead of it being a suicide mission like he believes, Sam casts the spell needed to start closing the gates.