Meals That Heal Inflammation: Embrace Healthy Living and Eliminate Pain, One Meal at at Time 
by Julie Daniluk
Hay House | June 2012 | ISBN-10: 140194034X | ePUB/PDF | 14.5/8.4 mb

PDF conversion is mine.

Did you know that virtually every health condition from asthma to irritable bowel syndrome is linked to inflammation? When inflammation gets out of control, the result is pain and discomfort—and it’s a phenomenon that’s on the rise. If you’re one of the millions of people who have been affected by allergies, diabetes, skin disorders, heart disease, arthritis, or any other condition ending in “-itis,” then you know firsthand what havoc inflammation can cause. In Meals That Heal Inflammation, television personality and registered holistic nutritionist Julie Daniluk shows you how to conquer these health conditions with foods that will make you feel fantastic.
     This comprehensive book is packed with meals that can assist the body’s healing process—all while treating your taste buds to new and delicious flavors. The recipes, from healing teas to balanced meals and tempting desserts, are simple to make. Whether it’s the savory cranberry quinoa salad or the sumptuous key lime pie, every recipe in this book contains foods that naturally heal inflammation.
     Extensively researched and full of reference charts, diagnostic quizzes, food comparison lists, and the latest information about the healing properties of everyday foods, Meals That Heal Inflammation is an essential addition to every kitchen.

About the Author
Julie Daniluk, R.H.N., is a leading nutritionist and the co-host of Healthy Gourmet, a reality cooking show that airs on OWN (the Oprah Winfrey Network) in Canada. Julie has appeared on The Dr. Oz Show, The Right Fit, and The Marilyn Denis Show. For 12 years, she was the cooperative owner and the Chief In-Store Nutritionist for one of Canada’s largest health-food stores, The Big Carrot Natural Food Market. She lives in Toronto.

Youtube video
