Race radio-controlled cars through the neighborhood and beyond in the classic arcade racer RE-VOLT! Fast paced, exciting driving, with explosive weapons and unique track designs deliver a larger than life racing experience like no other.

RE-VOLT Classic brings the original PC and Dreamcast kart racer back to life with retina visuals, control methods tailored for touch devices and all the great gameplay that made the title such a fan favorite when it was originally released.

14 RACE TRACKS
Drive your car through a wide range of tracks, including suburban streets and through gardens and houses, over rooftops under the stars, through museums and cruise ships, and even a Wild West ghost town!

42 CARS 
Every kind of r/c car you can imagine is available to unlock in RE-VOLT, electric and gas-powered, fast and slow, heavy and light! Advanced physics makes every car feel different to control ΓÇô which will be your favorite?

5 WAYS TO PLAY
Up to 12 car races in Championship and Single Race modes; Arcade style Time Trials against the clock as it counts down to zero; search for the hidden stars in each trackΓÇÖs Practice mode; and collect all the stars in the Stunt Arena for a very special surpriseΓÇª

TOUCH CONTROLS DESIGNED FOR RACING
Three set-ups to cater for all tastes and experience, designed for fast paced twitch racing and ultimate control over your vehicle.

CLASSIC SOUNDTRACK
Tunes that will stick in your head long after you stop playing, the timeless upbeat soundtrack pumps along with the action driving you forward to every finish line.

Global Ranking System
Each track has global ranking system. Compete against world-wide players with high performance cars.

MORE GREAT FEATURES COMING SOON
Support development of this game to help bring more game modes and ways to play to future updates.

Basic Control Tip:
Reverse way in Touch Control mode
Touch the left/right key at the same time
Car relocation!
shake the device 3~4 times
Speed up the car!
Raise the difficulty in game setting (Option&gt;Game Setting&gt;Mode : Easy/Medium/Arcade/Simulation)
What's in this version: (Updated : Apr 26, 2013)
Some bugs related to the Championship have been Fixed.
Required Android O/S : 2.3+