
  Polaroids - I Still Have Dreams (2013) [FLAC]

  Released: 2013
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Melodic Hardcore, Punk-pop, Emo, Skate Punk
  Source: WEB
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 1,000 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz

  01 Fort Knight
  02 Red Herring
  03 Soul Mates
  04 Kickflip McTwist
  05 Immigrant Song Pt. II
  06 Blue Period
  07 Stubborn
  08 Rain Castle
  09 Fortune Teller
  10 Rearview
  11 Somnia

  "I Still Have Dreams is the debut album of New Jersey hardcore band, Polaroids. This LP will be a follow-up to their somewhat predictable first EP, Reference Tracks which was released back in August of 2012. For only a couple months later, Polaroids have really stepped up big time for the discipline that comes with making a full-length record. I Still Have Dreams is fast, but long enough to keep you satisfied, heavy, but appropriately melodic, and a welcome and innovative album to the genre of hardcore.

  Polaroids rightfully sets the mood for the album with a sample of a sorrowful monologue from the character Brooks of the film Shawshank Redemption. It fits right in with Polaroids emotional approach on this record. This approach that Polaroids has taken really adds to their versatility as a band. With lyrics of abandonment, passionate vocals, and melodic melodies, this album could fit into a bunch of different molds. I could see wide range of fans from emo scenes to cheesey pop-punk kids being into this, though I wouldn’t classify Polaroids as a band of either of those genres.

  The use of multiple vocalists on I Still Have Dreams is something that really keeps the album from monotony. Drummer Christopher Postlewaite’s angry and throaty vocals, and bassist Mike Quiray’s soft and harmonious singing, is impressively foiled by the often unorthodox vocal stylings of guitarist Thomas Fett. Fett seems to be a nice balance of both vocal styles, and even adds some strange, yet interesting, styles of his own.

  All in all, Polaroids’ I Still Have Dreams is a highly original, and enjoyable hardcore LP. It is by far the most classically artistic punk record I’ve ever heard before. It takes hardcore in a direction that I didn’t even know it was missing. Many may try to imitate, but not anyone can pull off what Polaroid’s has done with their first full-length record." 