


S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Tomb Raider (c) Square Enix

04-03-2013......Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s).................1 BLURAY

RELEASE NOTES

Tomb Raider explores the intense and gritty origin story of Lara Croft
and her ascent from a young woman to a hardened survivor. Armed only
with raw instincts and the ability to push beyond the limits of human
endurance, Lara must fight to unravel the dark history of a forgotten
island to escape its relentless hold. Download the Turning Point
trailer to see the beginning of Lara's epic adventure

Features:

Smart / Resourceful Lara Lara must use her brawn and her brains to
overcome an impossible situation. The player must guide Lara through
physics puzzles, challenging environments, and a high-octane story to
overcome a harrowing situation and make it off of the island alive

Combat - Tomb Raider is pushing the action genre forward with visceral
third-person combat and a deep weapon and gear upgrade system that Lara
will have to strategically employ to overcome increasingly difficult
enemies and environments, all with a unique Survival Action twist

Dynamic Traversal it wouldn t be Tomb Raider without certain
signature elements. In addition to platforming, Lara will have to
explore large areas to earn experience points that will upgrade her
weapons and gear. One of the key elements of dynamic traversal is the
gear gating gameplay loop: over the course of the game, Lara will
continually improve her gear and will be able to reach previously
inaccessible locations that will allow her to upgrade her gear and
weapons even further

Installation 

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
install folder and overwrite
5. Block the game in your firewall if needed
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Minimum system requirements


Core 2 Duo E6300 1.86GHz	
Athlon 64 X2 Dual Core 4000+	
GD CPU hardware score: 4	

GeForce 8600 GS	
Radeon HD 2600 Pro	
GD GPU hardware score: 3	

1 GB	
GD RAM hardware score: 2	
Win Xp 32	
DX 9	
12 GB	

Recommended system requirements


Core i5-750s Quad 2.4GHz	
Phenom II X2 565	
GD CPU hardware score: 6	

GeForce GTX 480	
Radeon HD 4870	
GD GPU hardware score: 7	

4 GB	
GD RAM hardware score: 6	
Win 7 64	
DX 11	
12 GB	

