Extraordinary Powers in Humans 
by Pane Andov
Trafford Publishing | June 2007 | ISBN-10: 1425130178 | PDF | 346 pages | 68.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Extraordinary-Powers-Humans-Pane-Andov/dp/1425130178

Extraordinary Powers in Humans is a powerful manual for development of psychic abilities.
Basically, the book is not limited in time since it stretches from the ancient Yoga systems to the advanced and modern UFO phenomenon. Figuring out the purpose of existence, the human is somewhere in the middle.
Thus, to achieve all that, the book is written in a form of a special manual that leads one from the basics of the spiritual science to the point of discovering the most hidden spiritual secrets, which at the end leads to self-realization. The book is divided in six major sections that contain a huge amount of theoretical and practical data concerning meditation, Kundalini energy, astral projection, remote viewing, telepathy, aura, clairvoyance and psychokinesis.
Also, the book offers the reader 18 of the author's astral trips describing his contacts with alien species as dominant subject. He claims most of them have come from the Zeta Reticuli star system in the time when Atlantis and Lemuria were in full glory, and stayed ever since.
The book clearly points that this bio-computer we call a physical body, is only a tiny part of realities we are connected to. A human being is thus an infinite consciousness connected to different layers of cosmic energy. Once read and fully understood, it can change one's perception of reality and offer direct path to human evolution. Anyway, the book is in elite of its kind and worthy to every human being in the process of awakening.

About the author 
http://paneandov2012.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/pane-andov_250x2501.jpg
 He was born in Skopje, Macedonia in 1973. His formal education is in computer sciences (Power Supply Systems) and for more than a decade he worked as a computer specialist in MacedoniaΓÇÖs largest telecommunication company.  He left the company after realizing that computer science and advancement of power supply systems were not his life objectives. His means of creating public conscious awareness was via a monthly publication of my own magazine, The Sixth Sense, to document information regarding many topics:  from ancient civilizations, UFO phenomena, extraterrestrial influences over humanity, Top Secret projects and experiments, hidden agendas of the Elite to ancient esoteric arts such as meditation, kundalini energy, astral projection, remote viewing, telepathy, auras, clairvoyance, psychometrics, psychokinesisΓÇª and much more.