MICROSOFT WINDOWS OPERATING SYSTEM ESSENTIALS

BOOK DETAILS:

Publisher: Sybex (February 2012) Language: English ISBN-10: 1118195523 ISBN-13: 978-1118195529 Pages: 400 Format: EPUB

BOOK DESCRIPTION:

A full-color guide to key Windows 7 administration concepts and topics Windows 7 is the leading desktop software, yet it can be a difficult concept to grasp, especially for those new to the field of IT. Microsoft Windows Operating System Essentials is an ideal resource for anyone new to computer administration and looking for a career in computers. Delving into areas such as fundamental Windows 7 administration concepts and various desktop OS topics, this full-color book addresses the skills necessary for individuals looking to break into a career in IT. Each chapter begins with a list of topic areas to be discussed, followed by a clear and concise discussion of the core Windows 7 administration concepts and skills necessary so you can gain a strong understanding of the chapter topic areas. The chapters conclude with review questions and suggested labs, so you can gauge your understanding of the chapters contents. 

Offers in-depth coverage of operating system configurations 
Explains how to install and upgrade client systems 
Addresses managing applications and devices 
Helps you understand operating system maintenance 
Covers the topics you need to know for the MTA 98-349 exam 

The full-color Microsoft Windows 7 Essentials proves itself to be an invaluable resource on Windows 7 and features additional learning tutorials and tools. 

From the Back Cover:

Learn Windows Quickly and Easily. This full-color guide covers the basics of the Microsoft Windows 7 operating system and prepares you to take the Microsoft Technology Associate Exam 98-349, Windows Operating System Fundamentals. The book starts with a practical overview, before walking you through such essentials as clean installs versus upgrades, configuration, security, file and device management, Group Policy, and more. Whether you are preparing for the exam or just brushing up, this is the solid grounding you need to be successful managing Windows Desktop environments. 

Learn these Windows networking essentialsΓÇöand more: 

Windows OS basicsΓÇöhistory, architecture, installation 
Using the desktop, gadgets, shortcuts, and the Aero interface 
Viewing configuration settings and managing the Control Panel 
Working with PowerShell navigation and cmdlets 
Using Group Policy and understanding virtualization 
Setting up devices, file sharing, security, and storage 
Handling troubleshooting, backup and recovery, and updates 
Preparing for MTA Exam 98-349

Windows Operating System Fundamentals View full-color images of key Windows 7 features Practical illustrations help reinforce learning objectives.

This striking Essentials book features: 

Chapter-opening learning objectives 
Full coverage of all exam topics 
Full-color screenshots and illustrations 
Essentials and BeyondΓÇösummaries and additional suggested exercises 
Chapter review questions 
