Igor Ledochowski (Hypnosis Masters Series) - #1 (Jeff Stephens) - Putting People Into The Deepest Trances Fast And Then Changing Them In 15 Minutes Or Less
 
http://masterhypnotistseminars.com/

The attitude adjustment you must make to succeed at hypnosis! (This takes all the pressure off so hypnosis becomes fun and enjoyable... instead of... a frustrating struggle!)
A big mistake most budding hypnotists tend to make and how to avoid it! (Jeff tells the story of a client he hypnotized to beat insomnia... and... how his client kept falling asleep in public. Here's the silly blunder Jeff made and how to make sure you don't this too!)
What it really takes to master hypnosis -- which allows anyone to become successful at the craft -- that 95% of people simply don't accept!
A certain group of people more than willing to let you practice hypnosis on them according to Jeff's experience! (If you don't have friends or family willing to let you hypnotize them... then... just get in this crowd -- it's easy -- and you'll never lack for willing subjects!)
How Jeff turned one of his friends into a literal flesh-eating zombie! (And how Jeff made sure his friend didn't actually take a bite out of anyone... even though... he wanted to! Incredible... but true!)
How to set the correct "safeties" when giving hypnotic instructions! Get this wrong and you can seriously harm someone! Get it right and the session will be productive!
 	


How Jeff comes up with neat ways to experiment with different hypnotic processes! (Here's how to teach yourself new "gags" that are fun and entertaining... while at the same time... honing your hypnotic chops to the point of perfection!)
How to tell -- beyond a shadow of a doubt -- if you're a good hypnotist or not! (The "litmus test" all of Jeff's students must pass before hanging out their shingle!)
Why the most effective hypnotists in the world never rely on scripts! 
What happened to one of Jeff's students in a Steak 'N Shake restaurant that almost guarantees he'll become an expert at hypnosis in no time! (Follow his example and shortcut the time it takes you to master hypnosis by at least half!)
The simple reason it takes most hypnotists hours, days or weeks to help their clients... while... it takes Jeff only 15 minutes or so to make lasting positive changes in people! (Want to take the drudgery out of helping others improve their lives? Then you need the secret to Jeff's almost 100% success rate. He's helped hundreds of people lose weight, stop smoking, beat insomnia and overcome other problems in about 15 short minutes of hypnosis! And you can do the same!)
