PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 31 - Biblical Collection - Volume 03 - Icons Jacob and Joseph


POtHS says: This is good for all ages. These films are of a much higher Quality than The History Channels portrayal of The Bible.

Description:

David:

This 2-part story begins with his legendary battle with the giant, Goliath and ends with his romance with Bathsheba and his struggle to preserve Israel.

The story of David is a legendary saga of a man after God's own heart.

Starring Academy Award┬« nominee, Anthony Quayle with Timothy Bottoms, Jane Seymour and Keith Michell.

Includes entire original 1976 Mini-series.


David and Goliath:

This epic version of the classic biblical tale features Orson Welles as King Saul.

A dark cloud hangs over Saul as the Philistines declare war on his Kingdom. Looking for help, he seeks the advice of the prophets on how to defeat his enemies.

Saul is told about a young shepherd called David who will defeat the mighty giant Goliath and also will be the new King of the Israelites.


The Story of David:

See the classic story of Israel's greatest King.

Here is one of the greatest sagas in all human history-the story of IsraelΓÇÖs greatest king. He became a nationally known hero while still a teenager in his battle with the giant Goliath. Thereupon his life was caught up in the whirlwind of his peopleΓÇÖs life and destiny. Never far from danger, political intrigue, the jealousy of opponents, and the problems caused by his own surging passions, David, nevertheless, emerged as a "man after GodΓÇÖs own heart."
--------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
