1) Men are inclined to evil rather than good.
2) Preach Liberalism.
3) Use ideals of freedom to bring about class wars.
4) Any and all means necessary should be used to reach their goals as they are justified.
5) Believe their rights lie in force.
6) The power of their resources must remain invisible until the very moment that they have gained the strength so that no group or force can undermine it.
7) Advocates a mob psychology to obtain control of the masses
8) Promotes the use of alcohol, drugs, moral corruption, and all forms of vice to systematically corrupt the youth of the nation.
9) Seize citizens' private property by any means necessary.
10) The use of slogans such as equity, liberty, and fraternity are used on the masses as psychological warfare.
11) War should be directed so that the nations on both sides are placed further in debt and peace conferences are designed so that neither combatant retain territory rights.
12) Members must use their wealth to have candidates chosen to public office who would be obedient to their demands, and would be used as pawns in the game by the men behind the scenes. The advisors will have been bred, reared, and trained from childhood to rule the affairs of the world.
13) Control the press, and hence most of the information the public receives.
14) Agents and provocateurs will come forward after creating traumatic situations, and appear to be the saviors of the masses, when they are actually interested in just the opposite, the reduction of the population.
15) Create industrial depression and financial panic, unemployment, hunger, shortage of food, use these events to control the masses and mobs. and use them to wipe out those who stand in the way.
16) Infiltrate Freemasonry which is to be used to conceal and further objectives.
17) Expound the value of systematic deception, use high sounding slogans and phrases, advocate lavish sounding promises to the masses even though they can't be kept. Video by Rifleman0007
18) The art of street fighting is necessary to bring the population into subjection.
19) Use agents as provocateurs and advisers behind the scenes, and after wars use secret diplomacy talks to gain control.
20) Establish huge monopolies towards world government control.
21) Use high taxes and unfair competition to bring about economic ruin by controlling raw materials, organized agitation among the workers, and subsidizing competitors.
22) Build up armaments with police and soldiers who can protect and further Illuminati interests.
23) Members and leaders of the one world government will be appointed by the director of the Illuminati.
24) Infiltrate into all classes and levels of society and government for the purpose of teaching the youth in the schools theories and principles known to be false.
25) Create and use national and international laws to destroy civilization.