Bigasoft Audio Converter

Bigasoft Audio Converter is an easy-to-use audio conversion tool provides a speedy way to convert favorite songs between almost all formats including MP3, WMA, M4A, AAC, AC3, WAV, OGG, AIFF, ALAC, FLAC, CAF, etc. The digital to audio converter can be used as MP3 converter, WMA converter, M4A converter, and so on.

Moreover, the MP3 audio converter supports batch conversion, thus you can process multiple conversions at the same time and set the start point and duration to hear your fantastic music clips.

Additionally, the video to audio converter can also fast extract soundtracks from all popular movies or music videos, such as AVI, MPEG, MP4, MPG, 3GP, DivX, Xvid, ASF, VOB, MKV, WMV, H.264, etc. with perfect sound quality.

Key Features:

Hear songs anywhere
Bigasoft Audio Converter provides a fast way to convert music formats to take your fantastic music anywhere and hear superb songs when you want. You can listen to your favorite songs on iPod, iPhone, BlackBerry, PSP, PS3, Zune, MP4 player, and so on.
Convert music files
The audio converter can help you easily convert audio between almost all formats including MP3, WMA, M4A, AAC, AC3, WAV, OGG, etc. The digital audio converter can be used as MP3 converter, WMA converter, M4A converter, and so on.
Convert MP3 audio
The MP3 audio converter makes it easy to convert MP3 to audio format WMA, M4A, AAC, and so on. The audio to mp3 converter is an all-in-one and super powerful MP3 audio conversion software.
Audio splitter
The smart audio splitter tool can easily trim an audio file into numerous individual sound tracks by as you will. It also fully supports splitting audio files seamlessly based on chapter markers or based on .cue files.
Enjoy music from music video
The video to audio converter allows you to extract audio tracks from all popular movies or music videos, such as AVI, MPEG, MP4, MPG, VOB, MKV, WMV, etc.
Batch conversion
Now with batch audio conversion, the professional video audio converter supports converting massive amount of music or movies at a time. Moreover, it can shut down your computer automatically after the conversion had been done.
Pause and resume conversion
During the conversion, you can pause, resume converting or stop the conversion as you will.
Hear before conversion
Listen to music clips before audio conversion can save your time.
Easy to use
With the user-friendly interface, the audio converting tool is suited for both veterans and beginners you can complete your conversion as easy as 1-2-3.
Support multi-language
Support multi-language like English, German, French, Chinese, and Japanese now.
Support Windows 8, Windows 7
Support all Windows including Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/audio-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.