GOD'S REVOLUTION

by Don Taylor

Directed by Shaun McLoughlin and Ronald Mason



First broadcast on Radio 4 in 1988 (weekly on Fridays, 10th October - 30th December)

This recording taken from the 2010 and 2013 repeats on Radio 7 / Radio 4Ex


Coded at 128/44.1
12 episodes of approx. 1 hour each.

Don Taylor's magnificent twelve part drama series set in the pivotal years 1647 to 1649.



There was a remarkable moment in English history when for a few brief years all things seemed possible. The power of the king was set aside and for a moment the ordinary people of England seemed to hold their future in their own hands. With Charles 1st dispossessed it was uncertain whether control would move to Parliament or the people themselves as Cromwell's New Model Army showed signs of relishing its new freedoms.


Episode 1 The Fruits of Victory - 1647 - unrest mounts as the Presbyterian government decides to disband the army.

Episode 2 The Soldiers' Voice - Parliament gets tough on army dissenters - but how will Cromwell react?

Episode 3 Insurrection - Provoked by Parliament - the resolute army aim to get higher ranks on their side.

Episode 4 Summer Manoeuvres - A spontaneous revolution in army ranks sees troops heading towards London.

Episode 5 The Power of the Sword - The Model Army easily reaches London, but with sinking confidence in Cromwell.

Episode 6 Discussions at Putney - The Model Army attempt to bring Cromwell round to their way of thinking.

Episode 7 The Logic of Events - Major Francis White seeks peace with his father before heading into battle.

Episode 8 The Disciplines of the War - Reynolds and Church see some unexpected faces in the midst of battle.

Episode 9 The Man of Blood - Opposition mounts against the King - but is there enough support to depose him?

Episode 10 England's New Chains - Will the execution of King Charles I bring the army its longed for freedom?

Episode 11 The Sea-Green Banner - The soldiers' discontent with their leaders rises - and London women get marching.

Episode 12 For the Agreement of the People - 1649 - Cromwell is determined to foil the soldiers' rebellion.

An abbreviated Cast List:

Cromwell - Bernard Hepton
Fairfax - Nigel Anthony
White - Graham Blockey
John Church - Eric Allen
Penelope - Deborah Makepeace
Reynolds - Kim Wall
Barrie - Paul Soeur
Scroop - Cornelius Garratt
James Thompson - Simon Cough
William Thompson - Anthony Jackson
Stephen White - David March
Martha - June Barrie
Ireton - Bill Wallis
Whalley - John Hartock
Hatton - Alan Coveney
Everard - Jonathan Knibbs
Perkins, and Winstanley - Steve Hodson
Den - William Eedle
Sindercomb - John Baddeley
Betty - Zela Clarke 


Enjoy and Seed!!