Might and Magic 7: For Blood and Honor is a first-person perspective cRPG and is considered by many to be the best installment of the series.
A deep, involving storyline with memorable characters and many endings is to be expected of a game with such a strong pedigree, and there's enough of it to keep you busy for weeks. The story comes packed with great presentation, especially its absolutely phenomenal musical score.
What's more, if you're a fan of Heroes of Might and Magic, you're in for a treat, as you'll no doubt recognize many of the monsters from the third part of the series.
Finally, Might and Magic 7 features its very own trading card game, called Acromage. Its rules are simple, but it's a full game in its own right and you might end up playing the RPG just to feed your Arcomage addiction!
What's cool about it:

    * Arguably the best installment of the Might and Magic series.
    * Over a hundred hours of great adventure in the Might and Magic universe.
    * A great soundtrack, an epic story, memorable locations and an addictive card game: Arcomage!

Overview:

To experience great adventures, you ll have to take a step back in time. Might and Magic VII - For Blood and Honor brings back the fantasy role-playing genre with an enhanced game engine and thrilling gameplay. It brings to life a fantasy world replete with fearsome dragons, horrifying monsters and exotic races. This game has everything the experienced role-player desires, including new character classes, skills, spells, magic items and a compelling story that will keep you absorbed for hours on end. Might and Magic VII - For Blood and Honor brings to life the most fantastic, engrossing and intense role-playing experience ever created.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Animated Violence, Animated Blood.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 8 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 4GB HDD, CD/DVD drive (or drive emulation utility), Mouse, Keyboard.
Install and play!