---------- CRISTOUX ------------


PLEASE SEED


Longman Dictionary of English 5th - Pearson Education Ltd for Android apk by Cristoux

Longman Dictionary of English 5th
Pearson Education Ltd

Play Store link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobifusion.android.ldoce5


Longman's flagship learner’s dictionary, fully updated and now with integrated Thesaurus and Collocations Dictionary. This Audio Edition includes headword pronunciations in both British and American English and recorded example sentences.
----------------

Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English (5th Edition)
- For Advanced Learners (LDOCE5) © 2009
Longman's flagship learner’s dictionary is now available as an Android application. Improve your fluency in English with the most up-to-date learner's dictionary at your fingertips.
Now with integrated Thesaurus and Collocations Dictionary.
Dictionary details:
● 230,000 words, phrases and meanings - more than any other learner's dictionary
● 165,000 examples based on real, natural English from the Longman Corpus Network show how English is really used
● Clear definitions written using only 2,000 common words.
● Most frequent 3,000 words in spoken & written English, highlighted to show which are the most important to know
● Register Notes focus on the differences between spoken and written English.
● The Academic Word List is highlighted to help you improve your essays and presentations.
● Grammar and warning notes ensure that you avoid the most common errors. 
● Integrated Collocations Dictionary. Over 80,000 collocations will improve your fluency.
● Integrated Thesaurus. Over 20,000 synonyms, antonyms and related words will improve your vocabulary range.
● 400 images
♪ 77,000 audio pronunciations for all headwords in both British and American English.
♪ 86,000 recorded example sentences 
(All audio available via external links due to size; Internet access required)
-----------------

Application Features:
● a native, dedicated dictionary app written specifically for the Android platform
● full content of the print dictionary
- PLUS additional collocations, synonyms & word histories
● complete front matter and additional resources
● hyperlinked cross-references
● real-time progressing look-up
● wildcard pattern searches with * ?
● bookmark your favourite entries
● automatic history listing
● integrated entry menus for quick navigation
● offline use (except for audio and images)

Please note, due to Android Market's app size limits (50Mb) it's not possible to embed the audio and images into the app for offline use.