Yes - Then [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Then" is a song from Time and a Word, the second album by progressive rock band Yes, released in mid-1970 in the UK and November 1970 in the US. This was the last Yes album to feature the group's original line-up, as Peter Banks was fired before the album's release. 

Time and a Word reached #45 in the UK. The North American release of the album did not chart. 

With Jon Anderson's decision to use a live orchestra on most of the album's songs (as Anderson reported in the YesYears video), Peter Banks was very much at odds with the decision. Tensions within the band increased, and just after the album's recording was completed in early 1970, Banks was asked to leave. Steve Howe would join the line-up that March, replacing Banks. The album includes two songs Jon Anderson wrote with David Foster, a former band mate in The Warriors. 

Time and a Word's use of a studio orchestra seemed intrusive to some critics, and the album was received in a lukewarm fashion (UK #45, Yes' first chart entry at home). The opening track contains an orchestral intro to Richie Havens' song "No Opportunity Needed, No Experience Necessary", featuring a main theme from the 1958 film The Big Country by Jerome Moross. Also, the track "Everydays" borrows from Gustav Holst's "Jupiter" from the Planets Suite. 

Yes are an English rock band who achieved success with their progressive, art and symphonic style of music. They are distinguished by their use of mystical and cosmic lyrics, live stage sets and lengthy compositions, often with complex instrumental and vocal arrangements. Seventeen musicians have been a part of the band's line-up in its history, which has consisted of singer Jon Davison, guitarist Steve Howe, bass guitarist Chris Squire, keyboardist Geoff Downes, and drummer Alan White since February 2012. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_and_a_Word 
      
http://bayimg.com/eaJLiAaeN 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 7700kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 256kbps
   Duration: 00:05:53




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	