Too Much Anal (2013)

Description: Too Much Anal ... Is Never Enough! All New Scenes! All Anal! POV +! How much anal sex is too much? Ask a truly ass-obsessed pervert like director Mike Adriano, and you'll find out! Mike's latest two-disc butt fucking epic, 'Too Much Anal,' delivers megatons of surplus sodomy with a bevy of the most beautiful butt sluts in the adult industry. For an excessive amount of high-quality gaping, ass-to-mouth cocksucking and other rectal hijinks, these backdoor cuties are overqualified! Adorable Remy LaCroix and blonde sweetie-pie Bailey Blue are a pair of gorgeous young ladies who interrupt their Sapphic ass rimming session to deep-throat the director's big cock, submit to a nasty tag-team ass reaming, and share a creamy cum load. Mike licks the puckered bunghole of stunning Jessie Rogers, spreads her big, fleshy behind and plunges his thick shaft deep inside. The exquisite model worships his prick and gets her asshole expanded to its limit with Mike's trademark speculum. Bouncy-bootied slut-next-door Mischa Brooks takes an anal ride on his raging dick. Fishnet-clad super-whore Sarah Vandella accepts Mike's pole all the way down her gullet in an eye-watering BJ followed by a ferocious ass fuck. Heather Starlet and Alexis Ford are sexy, anything-goes blonde party girls who can't get enough of the flavor of ass. Their sphincter stretching three-way results in a messy mouthful of gooey sperm. There's even a bonus scene of hard-core rectal revelry starring feisty Gia DiMarco. In 'Too Much Anal,' too much of a good thing is better than ever!

Title: Too Much Anal
Release year: 2013
Genre: Anal, P.O.V. - Point of View
Cast: Jessie Rogers, Sarah Vandella, Remy LaCroix, Alexis Ford, Heather Starlet, Mischa Brooks, Bailey Blue
Studio: Evil Angel Ea-Productions
Duration: 3:04:10 +01:43:29

Format: MPEG-4
Quality: DVDRip 400p
Video: MPEG4, 720x400 at 29.970 fps, AVC, 1454 Kbps
Audio: English 48.0 KHz, AAC, 2 ch, 96.0 Kbps
Size: 2089.62 MB +1284.45 MB
