EZ CD Audio Converter is the most comprehensive multi format audio converter and is extremely easy to use. Rips audio CDs, converts audio files, allows editing of metadata, and burns discs. It has efficient error-detective CD-ripping, very fast parallel audio conversion, and reliable disc burning. All combined to user friendly, beautiful interface.

Unique features of EZ CD Audio Converter:
- Multiple services for retrieving high-quality metadata
- Intuitive and easy-to-use interface
- Best audio codecs out of the box for best audio quality
- Exact and reliable CD ripping with error detection and two-pass verification of audio
- Extremely high-performance ripping and converting that takes advantage of the multimedia features of processors
- Multi-core audio converter that allows parallel audio conversion with up to 8 parallel converters
- ReplayGain for automatic loudness leveling on playback

EZ CD Audio Converter is a complete audio suite that features CD ripping, audio converting, and disc burning. EZ CD Audio Converter is designed to provide best user experience with its excellent user interface and ultimate audio quality. It includes only the audio components and codecs that provide the best audio quality.

EZ CD Audio Converter is designed to take advantage of the performance of the modern computers. It is optimized to utilize the power of the multi-core and multimedia features of the processors. It can run up to 8 parallel conversions and it is optimized to take advantage of multimedia features of processors, whenever there is a performance benefit.

EZ CD Audio Converter includes Dolby Pulse AAC / HE AAC encoder. Dolby Pulse combines all the benefits of AAC and HE AAC v1/v2 efficiency and further improves on the audio performance by adding exclusive Dolby features.

EZ CD Audio Converter uses ReplayGain to calculate the loudness of audio files. It allows automatic loudness leveling of music on playback.

Audio CD Ripper accurately rips Audio CDs with error detection and two-pass verification using its AccurateCDDA┬« CD-ripping engine. Reads CD-Text, and fetches metadata from GD3, freedb, MusicBrainz, and Amazon services. Allows addition and editing of metadata that is automatically written to the audio files. Includes DSPs that allows to normalize audio, to add fade in/out, and to delete leading/trailing silence. Bypasses copy-protections that exists on some audio CDs.

Audio Converter converts audio files from one audio format to another with best audio quality. Boosts the performance with multi-core processors by allowing 8 parallel conversions. Supports metadata-editing and includes ReplayGain loudness calculation. Includes DSPs that allows to normalize audio, to add fade in/out, and to delete leading/trailing silence.

Metadata Editor allows editing the metadata of existing audio files. Can be used to rename the files based on metadata.

Disc Burner burns audio CDs, MP3 discs, and Data discs. Can be used to make 1:1 copies of discs (including DVD Video) via its Make/Burn Disc Image feature.

DSPs: Audio is processed in 24-bit accuracy for best results

ReplayGain: Uses ITU-R BS.1770 loudness calculation algorithm for best accuracy

CD/DVD Burning: Supports CD-Text, ISO-9660/Joliet, and UDF filesystems

Supported operating systems: Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8

Supported platforms: 32-bit and 64-bit

Hardware features: Supports multi-core processors and SSE, SSE2, SSE3, SSSE3, SSE4 enhanced instruction sets for maximum performance

Supported audio formats include: Dolby Pulse AAC / HE AAC, Apple Lossless, AIFF, Monkey's Audio, FLAC, MP3, Ogg Vorbis, Opus, WAV, Windows Media Audio, and WavPack.

Changes in Version 1.0.8 :

Fixed the problem where freedb query not populating Artist/Album field correctly
Updated shell extensions
Updated shell browser components

Installation :

Install and Exit the program.

Paste the crack in Program Directory.

Done.

