Tiny 4'11 Jessi Palmer submits to 10 1/2" of black cock! Brutal skull fucking and orgasms! | Jessi Palmer | Matt Williams

March 22, 2013 
 
 
MP4 only.   
 
 
Sexually Broken is pleased to have the sexy, tiny Jessi Palmer in our studio. Jessi is always underused on bondage sites. Most sites just tie her up, hit her with something over and over and put a vibrator on her pussy until she pretends to cum. Not here, oh no. This girl loves huge cocks, so we deliver. Check it out to see why Sexually Broken is the best and most realistic bondage and rough sex site in the world without all that unnecessary pain.

Completely helpless and trapped in a tiny box, Jessi's sexy, perfect, tiny ass is sticking out one end, and her beautifully modified face is trapped and sticking out the other. We oil up that cute little kitten butt (a butt so tiny and cute it can fit in one hand) and add face hooks to give our cutie a bondage makeover. We pull the entire box off the ground so her pussy and mouth are at perfect cock height.

We spin the box and get Jessi all dazed and dizzy, then 10 1/2 inches of hard black cock slides into her tight little white pussy and the brutal fucking commences. It doesn't take long for the first orgasm to be fucked out of our helpless, boxed oiled up play toy. We jam another hard cock down Jessi's throat and it is on.

We spin her, and the speed at which we can spin her is stagering. When we know she is dazed again we stop and roughly fuck her from both ends. Rince, repeat we never give Jessi a chance. Orgasm after orgasm is fucked out of her tiny little tight pussy. The cock slide down her throat as the other bangs against her cervix. She is fucked air tight and cumming like a common whore.

She takes it all and cums over and over, in the end the vibrator makes her squeal, as the black cock is jammed down her throat, one last brutal orgasm that leaves some form of liquid dripping out of her every hole. One final spin and she is completely Sexually Broken; a shell, deep in subspace, cum drunk to a Category 5 level.  
 
Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/03_22jpalmer2/SexuallyBroken-Jessi-Palmer-Matt-Williams-Tiny-4-foot-11-inch-Jessi-Palmer-submits-to-10-one-half-inche-of-black-cock-Brutal-deep-throating-fucking-and-orgasms.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  


