Defiance S01E08 XviD [JKS]
.
Video
XviD
Length: 00:42:54
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 404
Data rate: 1151kbps
Total bitrate: 1279kbps
Frame rate: 29 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 128kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034303/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defiance_(TV_series) 
Official Site: http://www.defiance.com/en/
.
Defiance is an American science fiction television series developed for television by Rockne S. O'Bannon, Kevin Murphy, and Michael Taylor. The series is produced by Universal Cable Productions, in transmedia collaboration with Trion Worlds, who are producing an MMORPG video game of the same name which will be tied into the series. Defiance stars Grant Bowler as Joshua Nolan, the local lawman in a border town known as Defiance, as well as Julie Benz, who plays the newly appointed mayor of Defiance, Amanda Rosewater. Also starring are Stephanie Leonidas, Jaime Murray, Tony Curran, and Graham Greene.
---
Defiance Season 01 Episode 08
Title: I Just Wasn't Made for These Times  Directed by: Allan Kroeker  Written by: Clark Perry  Original air date: June 10, 2013
.
Nolan and Lasalle investigate the Arkfall object, and discover a human in hypersleep; they awaken him and discover he is Gordon McClintock, an American astronaut whose space station was supposedly destroyed in 2013. They return with him to Defiance, where Yewell examines him and pronounces him normal; however McClintock suffers a vision incorporating Indogenes and reacts with some discomfort. Amanda and the new Earth Republic representative meet again; he offers her a position with the Earth Government in New York and it is revealed that they had a previous relationship. Stahma and Kenya continue their relationship; Kenya tries to avoid Datak as a client, but Stahma counsels her not to refuse him. Nolan, Amanda and McClintock visit Rafe McCawley, attempting to acclimate the astronaut to the terraformed Earth; McClintock suffers another vision and attacks Amanda. While locked in the cell at the Lawkeeper's station, he begins to harm himself and bleeds silver; Nolan realizes something is wrong and confronts Yewell, who reveals that McClintock is actually an Indogene modified to appear human and implanted with the original McClintock's memories, intended to serve as a spy and an assassin by the Votans before their arrival. The McClintock Indogene seizes Nolan's gun and escapes; he meets McCawley in the mines and apparently commits suicide, although it is later revealed that he leaves Defiance to reunite with McClintock's widow. The Earth Representative warns Amanda that she is in danger; the Earth Republic wants her out of Defiance and will use any means necessary to remove her. Nolan confronts Yewell about his involvement in the Indogene spy program, but they are interrupted by the arrival of multiple humans suffering from a hemorrhagic fever.
