Integrative Medicine: Expert Consult Premium Edition (3rd Ed). 
by Dr. David Rakel, MD
Saunders | May 2012 | ISBN-10: 1437717934 | PDF | 1072 pages | 56.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Integrative-Medicine-Consult-Enhanced-Features/dp/1437717934/

Integrative Medicine, by Dr. David Rakel, provides the practical, evidence-based guidance you need to safely and effectively integrate complementary and alternative medical treatments into your practice. This medical reference book lays the framework for making the best use of these therapeutic modalities and understanding the mechanisms by which these interventions work, keeping you at the forefront of the trend toward integrative health care.

-    Incorporate therapeutic integrative medicine modalities into clinical practice through the "Tools for Your Practice" section that offers how-to application for recommending mediation, prescribing probiotics, and how to do an elimination diet.
-    Apply integrative treatments for a full range of diseases and conditions including autism, stroke, chronic fatigue syndrome, and various forms of cancer...see how to advise patients on health maintenance and wellness...and get valuable advice on topics such as meditation, diet, and exercises for back pain.
-    Avoid potential complications with recommended dosages and precautions.
-    Enhance patient care with therapy-based guidance and printable patient education guides.
-    Implement proven integrative treatments for various diseases thanks to an evidence-based therapeutic approach.
-    Weigh the likely effectiveness of various treatments vs. their potential harm with helpful icons based on the SORT (Strength of Recommendation Taxonomy) method.
-    Validate potential interventions through the latest research in genomics and advanced imaging technologies, such as MRI.
-    Access the full text, image bank, downloadable Patient Education Guides, and video collections online at www.expertconsult.com.

Rakel provides evidence-based guidance to apply integrative medicine in clinical care.

About the Author 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/d9/ed/7283e72326840ad8976f5a.L._V397801840_SX200_.jpg
David Rakel, MD serves as Director and Founder of the University of Wisconsin Integrative Medicine program and Associate Professor with tenure in the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Wisconsin Medical School and Public Health in Madison. He is board certified by both the American Board of Family Medicine and the American Board of Integrative Holistic Medicine, and is certified in interactive guided imagery. He is co-editor of the eighth edition of Textbook of Family Medicine and author of Integrative Medicine.
Prior to his time in academia, Dr. Rakel served in rural practice in Driggs, Idaho, and as medical director of Grand Targhee Ski resort. He completed a residential fellowship in Integrative Medicine at University of Arizona and joined University of Wisconsin in 2001. Dr. Rakel has received several teaching awards including the Baldwin E. Lloyd clinical teacher award, the University of Wisconsin Department of Family Medicine faculty excellence award, the Marc Hansen lecture award and the resident teacher-of-the-year award.