His Submissive Series (1-9) by Ava Claire in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 

The Billionaire's Contract (His Submissive #1) by Ava Claire (July 21st 2012)

Recent college grad Leila Montgomery has her sights set on Whitmore and Creighton, a PR agency for the rich and famous. While she's interviewing for a position she's overqualified for, she's determined to get her foot in the door by any means necessary--but she didn't count on accidentally mouthing off to the enigmatic billionaire at the helm of the company, Jacob Whitmore. 

After a hot tryst in the stairwell, he makes Leila a proposition--be his personal assistant and private submissive. Saying no could cost her dream job and a place among the wealthy and elite. But saying yes could cost so much more...

The Billionaire's Touch (His Submissive #2) by Ava Claire (May 5th 2013)

When Leila Montgomery said yes to being billionaire Jacob Whitmore's assistant and submissive, she had no idea she was in for a whole new wardrobe worth thousands of dollars, private jets, and a first assignment in Venice, Italy.

She barely has time to catch her breath, especially when he's near, making her heart race and her temperature rise. Still, she can't help but think about his track record and wonder if he'll tire of her like all the rest.

But when an old flame of Jacob's comes back into the picture, Leila will have to face the fact that she's fallen hard for her dominating boss.

The Billionaire's Passion (His Submissive #3) by Ava Claire (October 5th 2012) 

Leila must decide if Jacob's passion and their undeniable attraction is worth it when tested outside the bedroom--and if she's ready to truly submit to his dark desires...

Venice, a closet full of designer clothing, and a handsome billionaire in her bed: Leila Montgomery can hardly believe her life isn't a dream. But being attached to Jacob Whitmore doesn't come without its risks--like making powerful enemies intent on ensuring Jacob and Leila's arrangement is a short lived one.

Leila must decide if Jacob's passion and their undeniable attraction is worth it when tested outside the bedroom--and if she's ready to truly submit to his dark desires...

The Billionaire's Heart (His Submissive #4) by Ava Claire (November 19th 2012)

Leila Montgomery is finally ready to admit that she loves Jacob Whitmore, just in time for his ex, actress Rachel Laraby, to slither back onto the scene. When Rachel reveals that she knows about the contracts, Leila makes a deal with her to protect Jacob.

When Jacob learns about Leila's deception, he fires her, putting an end to their blossoming romance. But Leila won't give up his heart without a fight...

The Billionaire's Girlfriend (His Submissive #5) by Ava Claire (January 24th 2013)

As far as Leila Montgomery is concerned, nothing compares to being billionaire Jacob Whitmore's girlfriend. But her new life is filled with more than glitz, glamour, and the love of a man that leaves her breathless in and out of the bedroom. Leila can barely do everyday things without being stalked by men with cameras and blogs and articles are filled with comments along the lines of, "Why her?"
When a new star client reminds Leila that all that glitters is not gold and the heavy price of fame, will Jacob and Leila's new love survive?

The Billionaire's Secret (His Submissive #6) by Ava Claire (March 1st 2013) 

Leila Montgomery is in trouble.

When she comes clean about her secret meeting with action star Cade Wallace, her boyfriend, billionaire Jacob Whitmore, is furious. After finally getting past Jacob's walls, Leila must regain his trust while thwarting Cade's efforts to woo her.

But Jacob has a secret that will shake the very foundation of their relationship and define their future...

The Billionaire's Lust (His Submissive #7) by Ava Claire (March 22nd 2013)

When Leila Montgomery signed the contract, she had no idea she'd fall head over heels in love with billionaire Jacob Whitmore--or betray his trust three times in a row.

The fear of losing Jacob, of losing everything is making Leila do things that could very well lead to her worst nightmare: ending up alone.

But while Jacob is hurt by her recent actions, he still sees the woman he loves and lusts for and will help her see it too...in and out of the bedroom.

The Billionaire's Promise (His Submissive #8) by Ava Claire (April 19th 2013)

Leila Montgomery wasn't expecting Alicia Whitmore to whip out the champagne at the thought of her billionaire son marrying his personal assistant, but her offer to pay Leila to break up with Jacob is devastating.

Alicia's adamant disapproval of Leila and Jacob's relationship and knowledge of the contract means that someone's been busy. Someone they thought they hoped they'd never have to deal with again.

Rachel Laraby is back--and she has no intention of letting Leila and Jacob live happily ever after.

The Billionaire's Desire (His Submissive #9) by Ava Claire (May 17th 2013)

When billionaire Jacob Whitmore asks Leila Montgomery to marry him, her reply is a resounding yes. On cloud nine, Leila can't believe it's happening.

She's engaged to the man of her dreams.

But Rachel Laraby has a question of her own: where's the ring?

The answer reveals a dark chapter of Jacob's life and why it's so important that Leila wears his grandmother's ring. His story breaks her heart...and brings them even closer. 

There's only one problem. 

Alicia Whitmore has the ring--and has no interest in supporting Jacob and Leila's union by handing it over.

Seed and Enjoy!