97 mins -  Action | War  -  26 February 2013 (USA)
IMDB rating: 5.1


American soldiers lost behind enemy lines during the WWII make a horrific discovery: Hitler has a super bomb in development. Against all odds, they set out to find the scientist in charge of the program who is looking to defect.

Director: Don Michael Paul
Writers: Danny Bilson (story), Paul De Meo (story)

Tom Sizemore ... Dean Ranson
Chad Michael Collins ... Nate
Vinnie Jones ... Brent Willoughby
Dimitri Diatchenko ... Ivan Puzharski
Neal McDonough ... Lt. Joe Conti
Jürgen Prochnow ... Luca Gruenewald
Melia Kreiling ... Kestrel
Richard Sammel ... Beimier
Philip Rham ... Lt.Schott
Alastair Mackenzie ... Chambliss
Peter Ladjev ... Ricky Rizzo
Ivo Arakov ... Johnny Lewis
Atanas Srebrev ... O.S.S Officer
Zara Dimitrova ... Coat Check Girl
Hristo Balabanov ... Nazi Guard 

Region 2 Retail DVD
Includes: Full Untouched Folder( Special Features)
#Deleted Scenes
#In The Trenches:Filming Company Of Heroes
#Fabricating World War 2

Main Movie Folder Included, Consisting of the following:
#Languages=English, German, Italian and Spanish Ac3 5.1

#Subtitles :English(Hard Of Hearing)-Movie only

#Danish, English, Finnish,German,Hindi,Italian, Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish and Turkish

Aspect ratio 1.78.1 Anamorphic widescreen
Feature run time 1hr 36mins approx

IMDB link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2555426/


Company of Heroes is an entertaining WWII movie. Nothing about the movie will jump out at you, but even though the acting, directing and script are all average--it still is a good film to watch.

Is this movie a historical view of WWII? No. The movie is based on a video game and not on the actual events that happened during the war. Why people are bashing it on that basis confuses me because the same folks liked Inglorious Bastards which is a far fetched fantasy movie with absolutely less accuracy than Company of Heroes. Personally I prefer this movie over the foul mouthed Inglorious Bastards because you have more likable characters and a few who are actually rounded out to create a connection to them.

Tom Sizemore is good in this movie. He raises it above what it would have been with a lesser actor in the role and he makes the rest of the cast serviceable.

Entertaining for entertainment purposes and not for a history lesson. 