    genre     action / tpp / platformer
    download size     1.4 GB
    release date     December 16, 2003
    compatible with     Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
    languages     English
    developer / publisher     Crystal Dynamics / Square Enix
    game modes     single-player

    Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    manual
    5 wallpapers
    13 avatars
    81 artworks

What's cool about it:

    Take control of both Kain and Raziel for the first time in the series.
    Utilize powerful telekinetic abilities and brutal martial techniques to devastate your foes.
    Challenge yourself with devious puzzles, furious combat, and huge 3D levels.

Overview:

Swords, sorcery, souls, and buckets of blood await you in Legacy of Kain: Defiance.

Return to the corrupt world of Nosgoth, where the disfigured wraith Raziel pursues his creator, the vampire overlord Kain. Separated by their common enemies and time itself, the two anti-heroes must wage their own personal battles to discover what lies behind their destinies and defeat the vicious forces that seek to condemn their world to eternal damnation. While their foes plot and scheme, Kain and Raziel embark on a dark and twisted odyssey. In the end, only one of them may be left standing.

The final chapter in the epic Legacy of Kain series is a time-bending, dimension-crossing, action-adventure game featuring more fast-paced combat than ever before. Take control of two mighty and highly-evolved vampires, each with a vast arsenal of combat moves and elaborate combos to unlock during their journey. A world filled to the brim with gruesome monsters, conflict and intrigue lies before them.

Can you handle the combined power of this demonic duo?

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: MATURE with Blood and Gore, Intense Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.

ACCEPTANCE OF END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT REQUIRED TO PLAY

Install and Play.