All praise and thanks are due to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. We cannot find
words to praise Him, AS He only sees fit how laudation should be addressed to
Him. We seek refuge in Allah from the evils within ourselves and the evils of our
bad deeds. Whosoever Allah guides will never be led astray, and whosoever He
leads astray will never find guidance. We bear witness that there is no god but
Allah, the One without any associate, and We bear witness that Muhammad is
His Messenger and bondman, peace and blessings be upon him, his kith and kin,
his Companions and all those who follow their guidance until the Day of
Judgment.


Address: Islamic Applications Collection for iPhone
Language: English
Short Description: Islamic Applications Collection for iPhone Consists of:
1- alQuran v1.1
2- iPray v2.102
3- iAzkar v2.0
4- iQuranPro v2.3
5- iZakah v1.0
6. Islam House v1.1
7. The Key To Understanding Islam v1.0


                                                      alQuran v1.1

Introducing a highly optimized and searchable Holy Quran application for iPhone. 
alQuran enables users to read entire Holy Quran as well as translations and commentary in various languages.
 Listen to verse by verse recitation of the Quran and recitations of many other famous reciters. 
Search the Holy Quran text and translations easily and quickly.


                                                      iPray v2.102

Get daily prayer/salat timings for your local city along with Qibla direction and athan now on iPhone and iPod Touch. 
Version 2.102 has fixed duplicate date issue on timings screen.


                                                      iAzkar v2.0

iAzkar is an Arabic (Soon Other Languages) Islamic App that displays Muslims Daily Athkar (Islamic Reminder) 
in very easy to use App.
 iAzkar divided daily Thekr into five different sections...
 1-Morning Azkar 2-Evening Azkar 3-Everyday Prayers Azkar 4-Selected Azkar 5-Zekr Benefits 
God said in his book the Quran Your Lord has decreed: "The more you thank Me, the more I give you" [14:7]


                                                      iQuranPro v2.3

Application description iQuran Pro offers its users the Complete Quran in Arabic along with its various translations.
 Richly featured and fully interactive! Specially designed to allow easy reading with easy scrolling, iPhone style.
 With excellent built-in audio capabilities, iQuran utilizes these to provide a very satisfying recitation 
playback experience, excellent navigation and fast scrolling support with verse for verse recitation along
 with auto-scrolling and verse highlighting.


                                                      iZakah v1.0

Zakah is perhaps one of the most misunderstood pillars of Islam, yet the easiest to follow.
 If only there was a simple way of calculating it. Enter iZakah: An easy to use application that 
helps you overcome the so called complexities and fears around calculating Zakah. iZakah offers a vertical-flow
 interface that updates 'Total Zakah Due' as you enter values and also helps you keep a log of all Zakah 
paid over the years.


                                                      Islam House

Are you a new muslim and want to learn about Islam? Do you want to discover the fastest growing religion?
 Do you want to read about Islam in your native language? Do you want to watch videos about Islam? 
Do you want to gift a new muslim? This app is for you.

Features
 Read more than 4000+ PDF books about Islam

 Watch videos about Islam

 Share viaTwitter, Email and Messages

 80+ languages for books and videos

 Stream videos to watch immediately and save space on device

 Download full books and videos in the background to read/watch them offline

 New content continuously added, refresh to get more

 Books are organized into chapters for easier access

 Most of the books are free

 Renowned Islamic scholars: Bilal Philips, Yusuf Estes, Ahmed Deedat, Zakir Naik

 Among titles: Did God Become Man?

 Among titles: The True Religion of God

 Among titles: A Brief Illustrated Guide Understanding Islam

 Books from Islamhouse.com, Islamreligion.com, Islamland.com and more

 Videos from Islamlecture.com, Tubeislam.com, Guideus.tv and more...


                                                   The Key To Understanding Islam

The app is made to help the None Muslims to recieve a correct massage about Islam based on the true understanding
 of the Holly Quran and Prophet Mohammad (peace be upon him) narrations, and try to remove the misconception comes
 from wrong understanding of the pillars and bases of Islam. The application is formed of five books tackling five 
subjects :

1- Understanding Islam

2- The Message of Islam

3- Woman in Islam

4- Prophet Mohammad (peace be upon him ) the messenger of God

5- My First Step In Islam




       Check Out Our Website For More E-Books, Videos, Holy Quran Recites, Programs And Many More...
         http://www.guidance4yoursoul.net














