MP3 version wins!
Courtesy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
Show description:

Date:
06-16-13
Host:
George Knapp
Guests:
Bobcat  Goldthwait,                   Don  Ecker
In the first half, George Knapp was joined by comedian, actor, writer, and filmmaker, Bobcat Goldthwait, for a discussion of his new film which delves into the world of Bigfoot. The film, called Willow Creek, follows a couple (a documentary maker and his girlfriend), who are trying to find the location where Patterson & Gimlin shot their famous Bigfoot film in 1967. Using a found footage technique, the film portrays a lot of the elements and evidence that have been cited in Bigfoot cases, and mixes a 'mockumentary' style using both real people and actors, with some genuine scares, and suspense.  
Shooting in the Trinity National Forest in Northern California, Goldthwait was amazed at how large and dense the area was. "You really get this idea of how many millions of acres are completely unexplored-- we lose planes in these areas-- and they don't find the planes," he remarked. The film employs chilling Bigfoot vocalizations similar to what actual witnesses have reported. Goldthwait also talked about some of the other films he directed, including the dark satire God Bless America, World's Greatest Dad, and Shakes the Clown, which Martin Scorsese called "the Citizen Kane of alcoholic clown movies." 
--------------------------------------
In the latter half, researcher and radio host Don Ecker opined on various intriguing UFO cases and related mysteries. One of which, the Bob Lazar tale, still remains in his "gray basket" after all these years, particularly because of Lazar's missing academic records. Regarding Steven Greer's assertion that ETs are benign, Ecker said there is much evidence to the contrary. People who've had encounters have been severely injured, and researcher Leonard Stringfield documented that hundreds of people (primarily military) died in aircraft/UFO chases and incidents, he detailed. Ecker said he eventually grew disenchanted with ufology and the paranormal because "he got tired of dealing with frauds, flakes, and BS artists," as well as delusional thinking-- factors that seem to have increased in recent years. "This field is crying for serious and credible research," he added. 
Back in the 1990s, when he was working at UFO Magazine, he believed that just the right UFO case or investigation would cause the scientific community to sit up and take notice. But when he broke stories nationally on the Larry King Show on CNN such as the Phobos 2 Soviet Probe being destroyed by a huge UFO (1991), and the STS 48 Space Shuttle encounter with UFOs (1992), there was little or no reaction in the mainstream media. Ecker also reacted to recent revelations about NSA spying. 
Website(s):
 darkmattersradio.com
 cyberstationlive.com
