S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier Raven Strike DLC

21-01-2013......Release Date &lt;-&gt; Protection...........Ubisoft DRM
FPS/TPS............Game Type &lt;-&gt; Disk(s)......................DLC

RELEASE NOTES

The second downloadable content pack for Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon
Future Soldier , Raven Strike is a throwback to traditional Ghost Recon
gameplay. It features larger maps, complex missions, and an increased
level of difficulty. There are three campaign missions and a new
Guerilla mode map, each playable with up to four players

Features:

Three new missions in Campaign Mode

Secure Dawn: a foggy marsh in Kazakhstan where the Ghosts will not be
allowed access to advanced technology (no optical camouflage, drone
or sensor grenade)
Cold Walker: a train depot on the Russian countryside
Argent Thunder: a nighttime urban setting in Moscow

1 new map in Guerrilla Mode

Sawmill: face 50 waves of enemies on a foggy Russian countryside

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install our Tom.Clancys.Ghost.Recon.Future.Soldier-SKIDROW release
2. Unpack this release
3. Install every update in chronological version order - if you haven't
updated your game to v1.6 yet. All updates are included in UPDATES
folder with this release
4. Run GRFS_DLC2_installer.exe
5. Install
6. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
install folder and overwrite
7. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
8. Start game from Future Soldier.exe
9. Play the game
10. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This DLC package requires v1.6 Update!

We decided to implent and emulate the latest version of the Ubisofts
orbit launcher, to enable every offline function, that their orbit
service gives users who actually owns the original. Simply to offer
emulated functions that noone else in the scene currently offers

You'll notice it when you see it!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/HtQ3Ioc.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/VIWH90r.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/oH5u6Tq.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/oeu0TuT.jpg


SEED AND ENJOY!