Body for Life-12 Weeks to Mental and Physical Strength [Team Nanban]

Bill Phillips, Michael D'Orso | 1999 | ISBN: 0060193395 | PDF | 201 pages | 39 MB

DESCRIPTION:

Mention the name Bill Phillips to any of the people he's helped transform and you will see their faces light up with appreciation and respect. These people include: 
Hundreds of thousands of men and women who read his magazine for guidance and straightforward information about exercise, nutrition, and living with strength.
Elite professional athletes, among them John Elway, Karl Malone, Mike Piazza, and Terrell Davis ?ho have turned to Phillips for clear–cut information to enhance their energy and performance. 
...
People once plagued by obesity, alcoholism, and life–threatening ailments who accepted a personal challenge from Bill Phillips and, with his help, have regained control of their bodies and their lives. 
When you begin to apply the information in this book, you will be proving to yourself that astounding changes are within your grasp too. And, you will discover Body–for–LIFE is much more than a book about physical fitness ?t's a gateway to a new and better life, a life of rewarding and fulfilling moments, perhaps more spectacular than you've ever dared to dream before. 
Within 12 weeks, you too are going to know ?ot believe, but know : that the transformation you've created with your body is merely an example of the power you have to transform everything else in your world. 
In language that is vivid and down–to–earth, Bill Phillips guides you, step by step, through the integrated Body–for–LIFE Program, which reveals: 
How to lose fat and increase your strength by exercising less, not more;
How to tap into an endless source of energy by living with the Power MindsetTM;
How to create more time for everything meaningful in your life;
How to trade hours of aerobics for minutes of weight training ?ith dramatic results;
How to make continual progress by using the High–Point TechniqueTM;
How to feed your muscles while starving fat with the Nutrition–for–LIFE MethodTM;
How thousands of ordinary people have now become extraordinary and how you can, too;
How to gain control of your body and life, once and for all. 


PLZ SEED WHILE AND AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"

visit me on facebook -  google TEAM NANBAN