Welter Weight Semi-final match La Diabla vs The Annihilator V2.0

May 3, 2013 - Performers: Bella Rossi  and  Izamar Gutierrez 
 

WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.
 

Bella Rossi

"The Annihilator" 
Height:  5'5" 
Weight:  140lbs 
Season W/L:  (1 - 1)  
Lifetime W/L:  (8 - 3)  


Izamar Gutierrez

"La Diabla" 
Height:  5'3" 
Weight:  130lbs 
Season W/L:  (2 - 1)  
Lifetime W/L:  (4 - 2)  


Welcome to the the First EVER ultimate surrender Welter weight Mini Tournament. We gathered the top five girls of each weight class and they are battling it out to see who the toughest of tough is. Today we have a rematch long in the waiting. Back in 2011, Izamar ( La Diabla) waltzed on to the U/S mats for the first time as a rookie and destroyed Bella Rossi. This was devastating for Bella. This loss stays on her permanent record. Her record is forever tarnished and she is humiliated after losing to a "rookie". Today Bella is out for Redemption. She knows that if she wins she gets a chance to go against Mistress Kara. Both Izamar and Bella have losses to M. Kara this season. Both want nothing more than the chance to meet Kara in the finals and show dominance once and for all and get their records straight.

Bella Rossi 

"The Annihilator" ranked 3rd
HT:5'5
WT:145
Season Record ( 2-1) 
Lifetime Record (9-3)

Izamar Gutierrez

"La Diabla" Ranked 2nd
HT:5'3
WT:145 
Season Record (1-1) Lifetime Record (3-2)

Both girls want this win bad. But one wants it just a little more. Even though this match puts 2nd against 3rd, it's almost like we put a rookie with a vet again. This is basically a squash match. One wrestler dominates so much the ref gives the losing wrestler "shame" points. The loser loses sooooo badly that the Ref decides she doesn't even want to see the loser get fucked. She decided the loser gets to sit and watch her fuck the winner while the loser sits and watches the whole thing. Poor fucking loser. Loser get's turned into a cuckold for the first part of the prize round. Poor bastard!

Screens 
http://www.ultimatesurrender.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=29531

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  


