SEXUALLY BROKEN Apr 22, 2013 - Mia Gold, Matt Williams

Sexually BrokenGirl next door is fisted, deep throated, fucked by THE MACHINE, hard orgasms, massive squirting  Mia Gold  Matt Williams


size: 510mb | time: 24min | resolution: 1280x720 | format: mp4  

size: 1,21gb | time: 24min | resolution: 1280x720 | format: mp4

pics: included


We have the Beautiful Isis Love and Mia Gold today on the pages of Sexually Broken. Mia is one of the hottest new talents in the industry and Isis Love, bar none, is the best female Dominatrix in the industry today, period. 

Mia is strapped down to a wooden custom bondage device. Her legs are spread wide and her head is just leaning off the back edge. We add suction cups to Mia's sensitive nipples, with the goal to make them 3 times larger then normal. 

Isis is slowly working her fist into Mia's helpless shaved pussy, at the same time Mia's is getting skull fucked deep and hard. Mia is getting impaled from both directions. The fist slips in and the cock is balls deep down Mia's throat, she is completely packed air tight. Isis uses her fist like a battering ram, blasting orgasm after orgasm out of Mia. Mia tries to scream out but that cock down her throat keeps her very quiet. All Mia can do is spasm as we rip orgasms out of her at will.

 The fist is replaced by "THE MACHINE" the newest most powerful fucking machine around. It vibrates, oscillates, and penetrates. Within seconds Mia is having a completely new set of brutal orgasms. Mia's Nipples are now severely clamped and pulled, while the cock fucks her face with reckless abandonment, and THE MACHINE fucks her to subspace and deeper. Mia's brain is just gone, so many catastrophic orgasms has left her a sexual zombie, just cumming over and over and over...



Screens  
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/04_22mgold5/SexuallyBroken-Mia-Gold-Isis-Love-Matt-Williams-Girl-next-door-is-fisted-deep-throated-fucked-by-THE-MACHINE-brutal-orgasms-sexual-destruction-massive-squirting.php


10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

		