#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	04-16-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Alex Jones, Dr. Peter Breggin

Documentary filmmaker and alternative media activist Alex Jones spoke about the forces controlling world events, and the dark path laid out by the 'Globalists' including transhumanism, drones, surveillance, GMOs, and vaccines. He also discussed the recent bombing at the Boston Marathon. There were over 2,000 different types of security people including National Guard and law enforcement from various jurisdictions searching bags and running checkpoints at the Marathon, but it didn't stop what happened, he said. Yet, the Dept. of Defense is floating the idea of putting increased troops across America, to have checkpoints at places like malls, Jones continued. He argued that this kind of control, trading liberty for protection, is doomed to fail. "Having troops on the street is to control the general public, it's not to catch someone who's willing to die in an attack," he remarked.

While Congress is in the midst of considering a large amnesty program for immigrants, increasing powers of Homeland Security, and passing massive gun restrictions, the Boston bombing acts as a diversion, and rallies people behind the Obama administration, he contended, adding "that the whole thing is very suspicious." Jones suggested that the media is opportunistic after events like the Boston bombing, replaying disturbing footage over and over again. They only tell us to care and have empathy for the victims, "because they're selling an agenda on their backs, on their pain, to get rid of our republic and due process, and bring in tyranny," he exclaimed.

A plan to launch 30,000 autonomous drones in the US for surveillance of citizens is afoot, but Jones is even more concerned about surveillance that can be done from cell phones, computers, and smart meters. "Why is the Elite wedded to this idea of putting this digital skin, this smart dust into place?" he asked. It's because they want to track and trace people, socially engineer them to become pliable and submissive, so they can ultimately be exterminated, he explained. Jones warned of a coming technocratic conversion to a "post-human" state where people could merge with machines via nanotechnology and genetic engineering, "and those of us who don't accept the augmentation will basically be stepped on like a cockroach." He also addressed his controversial appearance on the Piers Morgan show discussing gun control.
Analyzing Hatred

First hour guest, Dr. Peter Breggin talked about the emotion of hatred and what's behind it. Hate comes from feeling helpless, envious or wounded by another human being, and when we place blame on this person, we derive power by focusing our hatred, he explained. Though this is built into human nature, hatred is corrosive and destructive, and eats away at people and their well being, he continued. Regarding incidents like the Boston bombing, if the perpetrator is acting out of hatred, they may be deriving a sense of power and meaning by striking out against others, he said.

News segment guests: Jim Berkland, Christian Wilde
Website(s):

   
    prisonplanet.com

Video(s):

    Endgame

Book(s):

    9-11: Descent into Tryanny
    Heart of Being Helpful: Empathy and the Creation of a Healing Presence

