



About 7877 Downloads
Version: 2.2.3
Size: 7.3 MB
Required: Android 2.1 and up
Release time: 2012-08-11
Developers: Aldiko Limited
 
http://auctions.eliteturnkey.com/jan/89/description.gif

Read and download thousands of eBooks right on your Android phone or tablet.
★The leading eBook application for the Android platform
★Pre-installed in 20+ different Smartphones and Tablets
★7+ million users from over 200 countries

Features:

✔ Support EPUB, PDF formats as well as Adobe DRM encrypted eBooks.

✔ Support eBooks from public libraries.

✔ Fully-customizable reading experience: adjust font size, font type, font and background colors, margin, alignment, line spacing as well as brightness to best suit your preference. The Aldiko Book Reader also supports night-time reading.

✔ User-friendly interface: the Aldiko Book Reader supports both Android phones and tablets. You can create your own bookmarks, notes and highlight anywhere in the book, rapidly jump to a different section of the book through the table of content.

✔ Advanced library management system: import your own EPUB and PDF files into the app to read them on the go; organize your eBooks by tags and collections; create a home widget of your currently reading books to make resume reading easier and faster. Aldiko will also remember your reading position automatically, bring you back to where you left off.

✔ In-app shopping experience: browse huge catalogs of eBooks, including best-sellers, new releases and classics (lots of them are FREE)

✔ Other cool features not to miss: global-text search in a book, dictionary, add your own favorite catalogs and many more

✔ Language localization: Aldiko Book Reader app supports English, 中文(简体) 中文(繁體), Deutsch, Française, Español, Italiano, 한국의, Nederlands, Danske, ελληνικά, Bahasa Indonesia, Polski, Português, Finnish, Hungarian and Svenska.

Differences between the Aldiko Book Reader Premium and the Aldiko Book Reader are: the Aldiko Book Reader Premium doesn't have advertisement and gets faster update for now, and more features than the Aldiko Book Reader in the future.

Screens:
 
https://lh4.ggpht.com/i6b-5iVcbmGOiX6rzuvsRLzVUB4FPRR3XvWYLpm7-tzFIotC_kVlJ-YsGqOZk_vBuiAM 
https://lh4.ggpht.com/bByLw5cZHAkduwoN-y8HL2VDGbKoNhCl30pORMyKBKRpDfHObdDf4ZJxjx3LXUPDdRM 
https://lh6.ggpht.com/NoOoo0vgsAN3nJJ54479XjEAsFQWI3Racyut15CDAIdvaoFVerrxDwAVii9Cgw9IzScC 
https://lh4.ggpht.com/2pl1xhbUeyQgi8Kajp5Na8Gu0aH2-j2RgvXWw72drJegGTiI3qHxlth4AVXZ7ooLEmM
