Star Trek Starfleet Command 3 is a space combat game based in the Star Trek universe.  This torrent includes the following:

Star Trek Starfleet Command 3 ISO*
Star Trek Starfleet Command 3 Patch 534_b
The Original Series (TOS) Final Frontier 2.0 Full install mod
TOS Final Frontier 2.1 Mod UPDATE (Not the full mod)

*Please note:  The autorun on the ISO does not run due to direct x compatibility issues.  It may run on windows 2000 SP2 or earlier.


TOS: Final Frontier mod replaces the Borg with tholian and gets rid of all stock ship and replaces them with TOS style ships for federation, klingon and romulan. Check the pictures below for ships sizes and images.

Install Order:
Mount/Burn SFC3.iso with daemon tools lite (or alcohol 120%) or burn with nero
Open disk folder and run setup (NOT autorun or launch)
Use CD Key 0000-0000-0000-k28k
Run 534_b patch
run TOS Final Frontier 2.0 mod
run TOS Final Frontier 2.1 update

DO NOT CRACK the exe file.  Just use the mounted iso (or burned disk) anytime you want to play this game.  Cracking the exe file will revert the exe file back to 1.00 not 1.01 version 534_b.

Alternatively you can just do the following if you don't want the mod:

Mount or burn the ISO image
Open Folder and run setup (NOT autorun or launch)
use cd key 0000-0000-0000-k28k
after install run 534_b patch.

The 534_b patch rebalances the game out, and fixes various bugs including a bug with Direct X 8.1 or later that would cause the game to crash, and it adds the Scimitar to the Romulans (not included in the TOS Final Frontier Mod), also adds Borg campaign.


If you do decide to install the mod, DO NOT PLAY SINGLE PLAYER.  It will crash because the ships are not there, or it will stick the borg player out in the middle of nowhere with no bases, ships or anyway to get them.  Instead play the Conquest campaigns.  Multi-player works with all 32-bit versions of Windows even Windows 8.  I have never tried multiplayer on 64-bit windows.

This game also runs on Parallels for Mac, or Wine for Linux.

The TOS Final Frontier Mod is really meant for hard core trekkies that loved the original series.  It also uses high resolution models instead of the low resolution models that the game came with.


As with all of my torrents, this is done on a laptop and when I am at work, the laptop is shut off and put in the closet.  I will seed as much as I can when I am off work.