Google Earth Pro

Geographic tools for professionals
Google Earth Pro offers a rich feature set in addition to the familiar imagery and friendly interface of Google Earth

Distance Measurements

Calculate distance in feet, miles, kilometers, acres, and more. Plan the length of a new runway, the distance between wind turbines, or the circumference of a new commercial retail center.

Area Measurements

Get quick area and radius measurements to determine the buffer zone for an energy plant or the cement needed for a new parking lot.
3D Measurements

Determine the height of a building, measure view sheds from a new residential high-rise to the nearest park, or line-of-sight to the ocean.

Movie maker

Record and export compelling movies in Google Earth Pro to embed on your website, email internally, or share with your business partners and customers.

High Resolution Printing

Print high resolution views (up to 4,800 pixels) for use in your presentations, posters, and reports.

Data Export

Export styled and regionated KMLs for internal distribution, marketing and presentations.

Polygons, lines & paths

Import ESRI Shape (SHP), MapInfo (TAB), Keyhole Markup Language (KML) files and more, and let Vector Data Regionation automatically optimize and hierarchically load points to improve performance.

Images

Import large image files that are automatically optimized for intelligent viewing. Super Image Overlays allow your images to be split into tiles and scaled according to your zoom level.

Geocoded data

Map thousands of addresses in the time it takes to find a single address on a map with an easy-to-use CSV spreadsheet import tool.

Data Styling

Create thematic maps of your data with only a few clicks of the mouse. Change the color, title and height of an entire data set in minutes.

Parcel data

Research properties with ease by zooming in to view parcel boundaries for millions of locations in the United States. Click on an icon to see last price sold, zoning, square feet and more. Additional parcel reports can be obtained from Dataquick .

Demographic data

Easy-to-read thematic maps show demographic data fields provided by Nielsen Claritas . Make informed business decisions using median age, income, education level and more for your state, county, census tract or block group.

Traffic count data

Understand historic traffic trends using easy-to-read, mapped icons. Make sense of large data sets by visualizing them on the globe. The Traffic Count layer gives you access to over 30 years of traffic count data, courtesy of Market Planning Solutions Inc .
Faster Performance

Google Earth Pro provides optimal performance in addition to added features like Image and Vector Regionation, which process large data files and render images faster and more effectively.

Optional Ads

Once youΓÇÖve purchased Google Earth Pro, youΓÇÖll have the option to turn off advertisements in the product. Get your work done without any distractions.

Email Support

Unlike the free version of Google Earth, purchasing Google Earth Pro grants you access to one-on-one help from our technical specialists.

Supported OS:

Windows 7/vista/xp

Homepage: http://www.google.com/earth/index.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program and do not run.
2. Activation instructions given in crack folder.
3. Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.