Pasa Malar (1961) Tamil_Xvid 2cd_Eng Subs [DDR]

TRIVIA NOTES:- 
- Paasa Malar aka Pasa Malar  (Also known in English as: The Flower of Love) is a 1961 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savitri. 
- The film was directed by A. Bhimsingh. 
- One of the songs, "Vaarayen Thozhi Vaarayo", is still played in many Tamil weddings. 
- This film was remade in Hindi in 1986 as Asia Pyar Kaha with Jeetendra, Padmini Kolhapure, Jaya Prada and Mithun Chakraborty.
- The movie was produced by Sivaji's own company Rajamani pictures. 
- The producers were M. R. Santhanam and K. Mohan of Mohan Arts. 
- The dialogues were written by Aroor Das. The movie was predominantly shot in Neptune Studios.

- The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil - Certificate of Merit for the Second Best Feature Film in 1962
- One of the biggest box office hit in the year 1962, Paasamalar went on to complete 182 days
- Kannadasan wrote the lyrics while duo Viswanathan Ramamoorthy composed the music.

    CAST:-
    Sivaji Ganesan
    Gemini Ganesan
    Savitri
    KA Thangavelu
    AM Rajam
    M. N. Nambiar
    MR Santhanam
    KD Santhanam
    SA Kannan
    M Saroja
    MR Santhanam
    Baby Kanchana
    Baby Malathi

Directed by A. Bhimsingh
Music by Vishwanathan amamoorthy
Lyrics by Kannadasan
Playback Singers:- T. M. Soundararajan, P. Susheela, Jamuna Rani, L.R. Eswari

Songs are included in MP3s
Paasa Malar (1961) 00. Title Music and Screen Credits_Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 01. Malargalai Pool Thangai - T. M. Soundararajan, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 02. Engalukkum Kaalam Varum - T.M. Soundararajan, P. Susheela, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 03.Yaar Yaar Avar Yaar O - P. B. Sreenivas, P. Susheela, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 04. Paatondru Ketten Paravasam Aaanen - Jamuna Rani, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 05.Vaarayen Thozhi Vaarayo - L. R. Eswari, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 06. Mayangugiral, Susheela, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 07. Short Song .. Unknown
Paasa Malar (1961) 08. Malarnthum malaradha paathimalar pola - T.M. Soundararajan, P. Susheela, Kannadasan, Vishwanathan Ramamoorthy
Paasa Malar (1961) 09. Vaarayenthozhi, END SONG 

MOVIE REVIEW:- Paasa Malar (1961)
The film follows the life and travails of Raju (Sivaji Ganesan), Radha (Savitri) and Anandan (Gemini Ganesan). Raju and Radha are orphans who lose their mother at a very young age. Raju loves his sister very much and raises her very dearly. Raju and Anandan work in the local mill and become fast friends when Anandan bails Raju out of trouble with the Mill foreman. Anandan and Radha fall in love and their love affair continues unknown to Raju.
Anandan who is a union leader makes Raju join the union much against his wishes. The workers call a strike at the mill and this leads to Raju losing his job. Raju is very worried as to how he is going to support the family when Radha comes up with 1000 rupees that she has saved. Raju is amazed and overcomes his initial anger at Radha for having worked without his knowledge. Radha convinces Raju that they can earn more if they start their own business making dolls and toys for children. Raju and Radha make it big in the toy business, the local mill owner who is unable to run the mill offers the mill to raju and asks him to buy him out. Raju reluctantly agrees to take over the mill and becomes its owner. Raju is shown receiving education from a teacher and becomes much more sophisticated.
Meanwhile Anandan and Radha are married, and her in-laws are very greedy towards Raju's wealth. They treat Radha badly, which culminates with Raju giving his entire wealth to them. Finally, Raju gets bedridden and he dies in poverty. Radha comes to see his dead-body on funeral, and cries hugging him, and dies in the same position.

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Bitrate: 1295 kbps
Video Resolution: 640x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: Tamil
RunTime: 2:48:01
Subtitles: None
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]   
Duration: 2:48:01