Comfy Partition Recovery

Efficient recovery of deleted data

Looking for a way to recover a deleted partition or logical drive? Need a program for recovering deleted partitions or disks? Have you created new partitions without saving your data? Need to recover data lost after formatting an NTFS or FAT partition? Are you seeing a “Disk is not formatted. Format it now?” error message all the time?

Comfy Partition Recovery is intended for recovering data from hard drives, memory cards and USB drives after any events that caused their loss or deletion. The program does not require that a damaged disk be accessible via Windows Explorer. The tool recovers data lost after quick or full formatting, deletion of logical partitions on hard drives, flash drives and memory cards. The software will recover the structure of your disk after file system errors and corruption of the boot sector.

You can download a disk recovery program to recover your deleted files. The program enables you to view the list of files that you can recover after registering the program.

Program features:

Data recovery from any devices. Recovers data from digital cameras, mobile phones, portable MP3 players, any devices connected to a desktop or laptop computer via USB;

Data recovery from files of all types:

Recovers pptx, ppt, pptm, potx, potm, pot, thmx, pps, ppsx, ppam, ppa, odp, otp files with Microsoft Power Point and Open Impress presentations;

Recovers xps, doc, docx, docm, dot, dotm, pdf, wpd, wps, odt, ott, odm, oth files with Microsoft Word, Adobe PDF, Open and Star Writer text documents;

Recovers txt, asp, aspx, chm, cue, def, inc, inf, lnk, o, php, pro, rc, rsc, s, set, sql, sub, sys, 1st, cal, css, ctt, dic, es, fil, gadget, xhtml, xhtm, htm, html, ics, log, part, pf, swp files with various text documents, settings, logs and source code;

Recovers xl, xlsx, xlsm, xlsb, xlam, xltx, xltm, xls, xlt, xlm, xlw, ods, ots files with Microsoft Excel and Open Calc spreadsheets;

Recovers digital images and photos taken with professional and mainstream cameras, mobile phones, PDA’s and tablets;

Recovers avi, dat, mkv, mov, mpg, vob, wmv, m4p, mp3, wav, wma files with music, audio tracks and videos;

Recovers rar, zip, 7z, ace, arj, bz2, cab, gz, iso, jar, lzh, tar, uue, z files with compressed archives;

Recovery of files deleted from the “Recycle Bin”. Recovers files after the Windows Recycle Bin is emptied, recovers files deleted with the “Shift”+ ”Del” combination;

Data recovery after disk formatting. Recovers data from formatted, damaged and deleted logical partitions preserving the original folder structure. Recovery of deleted volumes after the creation of new disk partitions. Recovers data after full and quick disk formatting;

Recovery of FAT (VFAT, FAT16, FAT32) and NTFS (NTFS3, 4, 5, 6) file systems. Recovers file systems after serious errors, corruption of the partition table, Master Boot Record and other system data. Support of compressed and encrypted NTFS partitions, alternative data streams;

Recovery of data from any media. Recovers data from external hard drives (IDE, SATA), USB flash drives and all types of memory cards, including SD, microSD, SDHC, SDXC, CompactFlash, SONY MemoryStick and others;

Saving of recovered data. Saves recovered data to any logical partition, burns it to CD/DVD disks, creates ISO images with your files or uploads your data to an FTP server;

Safe data recovery. When searching for and recovering files, the program only reads data. The program can create a virtual copy of your disk that is used for data recovery;

Windows support. The program supports all MS Windows operating systems: 95 / 98 / Me / NT / 2000 / XP / 2003 / Vista / 7;

Familiar Windows Explorer interface style. The main program window that displays recoverable files in their original locations makes the recovery process easy and intuitive.

Supported OS:

Wndows 95 / 98 / Me / NT / 2000 / XP / 2003 / Vista / 7.

Homepage: http://www.my-data-recovery.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
