PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

End Times

Volume 031

Mark Biltz
Are We in the Time of Messiah


POtHS - End Times - 31 - Mark Biltz - Are We in the Time of Messiah


POtHS Comment:    The test is coming for all of us.

Description
Introduction to New Torah Treasures Revealed Series:
Monday July 16_ 2012, Pastor Mark Biltz

Series Introduction

Isaiah 46:10 Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:


Torah Treasures Revealed - Monday October 25, 2012:
Dan & Brenda Cathcart
The Sign of Jonah in the Plagues: Exodus and Revelation


Revelation & the Feast of Purim:
Wow... this is a must for all who want to hear the incredible intricities found within the Bible, its prophecies and godly judgements and expectations for future events.  Please sit tight and watch Pastor Blitz present fabulous biblical interpretations hidden within scriptures for the first time.  The flock should to hear this.


Exodus & Revelation:
Monday, Jan 14,2013 - "Are we in the times of Messiah?"

Exodus 7:20 And Moses and Aaron did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to blood.


Revelation and the Deity of Yeshua:
Monday February 4, 2013, Pastor Mark Biltz

Revelation 1:5-7 And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen. Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which 

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  