This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - Pool It! (1987)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51C0ZCF52GL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

All Music Album Review (by Rob Theakston):

Given the context of the MTV revivalism of their show, a reunion performance on the MTV music awards, a stellar best-of compilation, a top video on Dial MTV with "That Was Then...This is Now," and a new series based on the original (the New Monkees? Anyone?), one would think that 1986 was the year that the Monkees could do no wrong. For the most part, this was true; but then they dropped Pool It! and it was a bit like watching a prized race horse's legs give midway through a race. Unquestionably their worst output of all time, Pool It! was an obvious attempt to cash in on the revitalized success of the group, which falls flat within 30 seconds of the album's solitary notable song "Heart and Soul." This is normally the part of a review where the reviewer would advise this release for die-hard fans only, but I can't even suggest that, as no one should be subjected to such poor quality unless they're a collector or completist -- and even then it's best to keep Pool It! in its original packing, if anything to increase the resale value.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/pool-it-r74931

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000033MT

Track List:

01. Heart And Soul
02. (I'd Go The) Whole Wide World
03. Long Way Home
04. Secret Heart
05. Gettin' In
06. (I'll) Love You Forever
07. Every Step Of The Way
08. Don't Bring Me Down
09. Midnight
10. She's Movin' In With Rico
11. Since You Went Away
12. Counting On You
