Beginning Ubuntu Linux: Natty Narwhal Edition, 6th Edition

Book Details: 656 pages | Publisher: Apress; 6th Edition (October 2011) | ISBN-10: 1430236264 ISBN-13: 978-1430236269 | Format: PDF w/many full-color illustrations


Book Description: This sixth edition of Beginning Ubuntu Linux introduces all of us newbies, power users and system administrators to the Natty Narwhal Ubuntu release. Based on the bestselling fifth edition, this edition introduces the new Unity interface while not neglecting the finely-tuned administration techniques for new users present in previous editions. Whether you aim to use it in the home or in the office, you will be introduced to the complete world of Ubuntu Linux, from simple word processing to using cloud services. You will learn how to control the Ubuntu system which you just installed as you are guided through common tasks, such as configuring the systems graphical user interface, listening to audio CDs and MP3s, producing documents, using VoIP and chat, and of course, general system maintenance. Emilio also introduces the improved software center and Ubuntus multitouch capabilities. This book supplies a series of comprehensive tutorials on Ubuntu administration and securityΓÇöessential for any Ubuntu user, while not neglecting matters pertaining to office applications and the Cloud. 

What you will learn: Use Ubuntu as a daily desktop on your laptop or PC. Complete office tasks, such as creating Microsoft Office-compatible documents and spreadsheets, using e-mail, and managing contacts. Listen to MP3s, manage pictures and CDs, and watch movies using a user-friendly Linux desktop. Configure Ubuntus printer- and file-sharing features to share resources seamlessly with other computers on your network. Configure and use Ubuntus multitouch capabilities. Administer and secure your Ubuntu machine. 

Who this book is for: Everyone interested in or already using UbuntuΓÇöno exceptions. 

Table of Contents: Meet Ubuntu Linux GNU slash Linux. Pre-installation steps. Installing Ubuntu. Solving installation problems. Booting Ubuntu for the first time. Getting everything up and running. How to secure your computer. 

Personalizing Ubuntu: Getting everything just right. Managing your data. A world of applications. Working with text files. Making the move to OpenOffice.org. Communicating with others. Social networks and cloud computing. Digital audio movies and multimedia. Digital photos. Playing games. Installing and removing software. Understanding Linux users and file permissions. Optimizing your system. Backing up data. Scheduling tasks. Accessing computers remotely. Taking control of the system. 

Appendix 1: Introducing the BASH shell Appendix 2: Glossary of Linux terms Appendix 3: Getting further help Appendix 4: Exploring the digital download and other Ubuntu versions .
