MP3 version wins!

Courtesy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
Show description:
Date:
06-04-13
Host:
George Noory
Guests:
Penney   Peirce,                   Tina  Sacchi
In the first half, pioneer in the field of intuition development, Penney Peirce, discussed the transformative power of attention. With so much information coming at us, we can no longer process it all, and our attention has become shallow and fragmented. But now, we're on the verge of shifting from the Information Age into what she calls the "Intuition Age." This involves a shift from mind into spirit, from logic and left brain thinking, into the right brain, and "direct knowing," she explained. "I think what's going to happen is that we're going to discover that we have within us, these powers of perception that so surpass what can be done with computers and gadgets," she added.  
Attention can be focused narrowly or broadly, and whatever you put your attention on comes alive, and becomes a powerful force or leap into the Intuition Age, she noted. As we start to move away from linear perception into a more holistic mentality, we see ourselves differently, and our reality actually evolves, Peirce remarked. She envisions that we're going to be a different kind of human-- "the circuitry within our bodies may function differently, not so much along lines but more in spirals of energy coming out of the center point of the cells, or points of light within the body." Toward that end, she suggests various practices to develop attention and perception-- one is a meditation working with the image of diamond light, in which the tactile quality of the light energy can tune you up and raise your vibration. 
---------------------------------------
In the latter half, author, speaker and hypnotherapist, Tina Sacchi, spoke about ways people can lead a heartfelt, spiritual life, and overcome emotional obstacles, guilt, and shame that sometimes occur when they move away from the organized religion they grew up with. People should feel open to express and nurture their connection to the higher source however they want, she argued. "Spirituality is about connecting with a higher consciousness; it doesn't matter how you get there," she continued. After a strict Catholic upbringing, she came out of her "metaphysical closet" about 17 years ago, and while some friends and family members turned away from her, she formed her own spiritual community with other like-minded people. It's important to live your own life, and not someone else's dream, she added.  
Sacchi talked about her work as an energy healer-- she works with clients' energy fields and helps to transform them back to their original source. However, not all people want to be fixed-- they may want to hang on to their "stories" or narrative regarding negative situations. She also stressed the importance of meditation, and suggested one could get started by listening to guided imagery recordings. By taking the conscious mind out of the way, one can go within and discover wisdom, she shared. 
News segment guests: Gerald Celente, Jeff Nelken 
Website(s):
 penneypeirce.com
 tinasacchi.com
Book(s):
 Leap of Perception
 Frequency: The Power of Personal Vibration
 The Intuitive Way
 My Spirit Is Not Religious
