Everyone says they need to do more stretching for all sorts of
reasons, but the most important reason is too-rarely mentioned:
stretching the right way simply feels great to do and leaves you
feeling wonderful.

Questions remain, though, like: which stretches, done what way, and
how often? In Stretching & Flexibility, you will find effective
exercises for all the usual places people want to stretch: hips,
hamstrings and legs-apart movements.

In addition, however, you will find hand, wrist and forearm exercises,
a full range of neck and shoulder exercises (including the
hard-to-stretch rotator cuff pairs) and a variety of ankle and feet
exercises. There are even exercises to help you spread your toes and
strengthen your arches!

As well, you will find rotation and backward-bending exercises,
sideways-bending movements and a large number of unique warm-ups
too. There is an exercise for every muscle of the body, and the
associated tendons, ligaments and fascia.

The book is organised into 16 lessons and begins with very easy-to-do
movements. Gradually, the subsequent lessons build on these basic
'functional units of flexibility', and in time you will find yourself
being able to do the more difficult stretches.

The Posture & Flexibility system is a combination of three elements:
we use the Contract-Relax (C-R) approach in a framework of partial and
complete poses, many of which are partner-based. It is a rapidly
evolving form being constantly tested and reassessed against two
criteria: is it safe? and does it work? The book features:

* 96 stretching exercises, plus warm-up movements
* exercises presented from very easy to hard
* exercises for athletes, grouped by sport
* exercises for the whole body, including hands and feet
* exercises shown in partner and solo versions
* over 700 photographs, showing all the essential details
* full explanations, including what to do in the exercise and how to get in and out of the positions
* 20 detailed illustrations of key anatomical points
