
                                        nERv


               DmC: Devil May Cry Update 1 incl. DLCs (c) Capcom

           02/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
                 - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action


  Included DLCs:
  ==============
  DmC Devil May Cry: Bloody Palace Mode
  DmC Devil May Cry: Weapon Bundle

  Check the included .txt file for a list of what's updated in the game. We
  won't make a habit out of releasing huge updates with only minor changes, so
  we added this DLC content as well. Enjoy!

  --

  Detailing Dante's early years and set against a contemporary backdrop,
  DmC Devil May Cry will retain the stylish action, fluid combat and
  self-assured protagonist that have defined the iconic series but
  inject a more brutal and visceral edge.

  The Dante of DmC is a young man who has no respect for authority or
  society in general. Dante knows that he is not human, but also that he
  is not like the demons that have tormented him throughout his life.
  Caught between worlds, he feels like an outcast.

  He is now discovering and coming to terms with what it means to be the
  child of a demon and an angel. This split personality has a real impact
  on gameplay with Dante being able to call upon angel and demon abilities
  at will, transforming his Rebellion sword on the fly to dramatically
  affect both combat and movement.

  - Do it with style - Utilize Dante's Angel and Demon powers to chain
    together ground-based and aerial combos to achieve the best style
    ranking.

  - Who is Dante? - Explore Dante's early years in a gripping narrative
    featuring familiar faces from the series alongside all new characters.

  - Unbridled action - The intense and iconic sword and gun based combat
    returns with the addition of new weapons all designed to dispatch
	the demonic spawn back to hell with style and panache.

  - Retaining the Devil May Cry DNA - Capcom staff, including team members
    from previous Devil May Cry titles, have been assigned to the project
    from the outset to ensure DmC is a true addition to the Devil May Cry
	franchise.

  - Unrivalled production values - Ninja Theory will take advantage of the
    latest performance capture technology to deliver a level of character
    design, story-telling and cinematics that perfectly complements DmC's
	high-octane combat.


   1. Unrar.
   2. Install this update and DLC pack. Be sure to install it into the correct
      path.
   3. Play the game.
   4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]