Coast to Coast AM for April 19, 2013. Imperfect Spirituality

Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
This is  a full rip of the stream (WMA) that Coast to Coast AM provides to such loyal members to their shows. It has been converted and merged together into mp3 files, however, to give you the experience you should be getting through the show mp3 archives. Instead, originally you get all bumper music erased, and a quality which takes out all bass (making George Noory sound as though he's coming through a crappy radio speaker)
This is what the Coast experience should be. And you can get it... absolutely free. Enjoy!

Show for: April 19, 2013
Show description:


Host:
George Noory
Guests:
Polly Campbell, Open Lines
In the first half, motivational speaker and author Polly Campbell talked about synchronicity, intuition, and spirituality. Campbell said she had been diagnosed with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis early in her life and turned to developing her mind/spirit as a way to deal with the physical adversity. The concept that one's thoughts actually create reality was especially fascinating, she added. Expanding on this idea, Campbell discussed what she calls the 'perfect trap,' a collective vision we share about not being good enough. "We have a real sense that we have to be different than we are to be worthyΓÇöworthy of abundance, worthy of love, worthy of the good stuff in life," she explained. People caught in this mindset spend their existence trying to become 'good enough' instead of pushing through and expanding into universal wisdom and knowledge, she remarked. 
Campbell referred to synchronicity as a meaningful coincidence which is deeply personal to the individual experiencing it. "I don't think two random things colliding together, your internal and your external coming together in the form of a coincidence, is a synchronicity unless it moves you to a different place," she suggested. According to Campbell, an individual's energetic presence is impacted by receiving synchronicities and they are key in creating the next moment. She spoke about intuition as an internal awareness that sometimes manifests itself as a sensation or vision. Intuition is a personal source of information from the higher self which can be accessed at any moment when one has the open and flexible mindset of a child, she revealed. Intuition often results in synchronicity, she noted. 
Campbell acknowledged the stress that many Americans feel these days, especially in light of the recent tragic Boston Marathon bombing. "We are a country of stressed out people," she observed, pointing to the need for things to make analytical sense as the root cause. Some things simply cannot be reasoned through, she added. What then can people do to free themselves from stress and constricted states of consciousness? Campbell recommended exercising creativity to make something as well as deep belly breathing, which affects physiology and reduces the stress response. Pause long enough in the day to take two or three big breaths, she proposed. There is no right or wrong way of practicing spiritual things; what matters is the energetic exchange of these practices and one's connection to others, she instructed. 
The remainder of the program featured Open Lines.
News segment guests: Douglas Hagmann / Capt. Kelly Sweeney 
Website(s):
imperfectspirituality.com
Book(s):
Imperfect Spirituality
How to Reach Enlightenment 
Related Articles
