Release year: 2013
Genre: action (shooter), 3D, 1st Person,
Developer: City Interactive
Publisher: City Interactive
Publication Type: Repack
Language: English
Sound language: English
Crack: enclosing "SKiDROW"

System Requirements:
Operating system: Windows  XP / Vista / 7
Processor: Intel Pentium Core 2 Duo 2 GHz / AMD Athlon  64 X2
RAM: 2 GB / 3 GB
HDD: 9 GB
Video: 512 MB, Nvidia 8800GT / ATI 3850HD

Description:
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2 is a continuation of the Sniper: Ghost Warrior, in which you once again to play the role of the silent killer and to go into enemy territory to destroy the specified targets.
Unlike Sniper: Ghost Warrior, the second part of players waiting for more complex missions, new locations, detailed plot, enhanced graphics and artificial intelligence opponents, expanded arsenal of weapons, as well as the use of different vehicles.
Features:
Mix of waiting, the accuracy and secrecy inherent sniper skills, with spectacular action scenes.
Gaming operations - in a series of new "Sniper".
Various locations: impenetrable jungles, mountains and city ruins.
Realistic ballistics, taking into account the location, speed and direction of the wind, the distance to the target, the respiratory rate.
Full authentic game real action sniper. Consultants were snipers specials. U.S. units and Poland.
The rich arsenal of weapons detailed recreations 6 sniper rifles, three assault rifles, machine guns and more.
Several multiplayer modes designed specifically for sniper duels.

Features Special Edition:
SOUNDTRACK - An official Soundtrack from the game's musical score
FOUR EXCLUSIVE PLAYABLE CHARACTERS FOR MULTIPLAYER:
MARINE TEAM LEADER - US Army Ranger, an elite member of the United States Army. Tough, capable, deadly. As their motto goes, 'Rangers lead the way!'
MERINOV - All-around hustler and opportunist who will jump at every chance to come out prosperous. Has no moral spine and is not to be taken lightly.
DIAZ - Liaison for Langley on Operation Archangel in Sarajevo and Anderson's partner. Though he can be haphazardly labeled as a desk jockey, he has had extensive field training and is certainly more than meets the eye.
MADDOX - Former US Delta Operator decorated for impeccable performance during 1991 Operation Desert Storm. A loose cannon who often compensates not having a sound game plan with an all-out adrenaline rush.



Features RePack:
Audio quality: 100%
Video quality: 100%
Version: 3.4.1.4621
Installation time: 10 minutes (depending on computer)
By RePack'a: Freeleech
Present DLC:
Digital Extras
Exclusive MK 14 EBR Rifle
Multiplayer Character Pack
Soundtrack

Installation:
1. Download
2. Install
2. Play 