Tara Lynn Foxx is INSATIABLE

May 9, 2013 - Performers: Tara Lynn Foxx 
 

WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.


This hot honey pot fox comes on set with all the experience a pro porn star has. She knows how to suck, fuck, take it like a champ, and give all her service with a smile. That is all nice and good, but we want to see this bitch put on edge, that smile off her face, and orgasms that blow her little brain out... so lets play.

Tara is quite a tough cunt. We start of with caning one of the most sensitive regions on a woman - her pussy. Tara at first takes it, breathes through the pain, and tries to maintain her composure. The situation quickly decomposes however into a moist eyed, heavy breathing, trying to escape from the pain hot cunt. They seem so much sexier when they try and shy away from something that is inescapable and brutal. With all the squirming, she does not seem to need the bench anymore, so its taken away and she is fully suspended in an intense back arch. My hand easily fits into her cunt and in the beginning she is immediately fisted, suspended, and vibrated into very intense orgasms. Game on, Tara.

Second, our blonde beauty is bound in an upright chair position against a beam. Her breasts are cruelly secured with twine and her hair pulled up, so she can't move away from the activities in store for her. Tara has a big mouth and can suck cock like a champ, but i'd like to push it, watch the drool and terror from cock choking breath play rush with anxiety from lack of hair wash across her face. Face punching, slapping, orgasm control... the amount of orgasms she has are intense and profuse. Unable to close her legs, the blonde whore has no choice but to submit to the experience.

Finally, Tara is on her back, like all good whores should be. She gets a nice thick slippery anal plug in her ass that gets secured with a crotch rope. Her ass and clit are pretty unhappy. Add nipple clamps, and a vibrator, and she doesn't know whether she is feeling pain or pleasure. The intense orgasms she is made to release tell the true story of whats going on. The crotch/anal predicament is released and her holes are up for grabs. Pummeling her, squeezing every bit of cum from her body, we end the day with a thoroughly used whore will all holes wet and dripping.

Screens 
http://www.hogtied.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=30068

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

