Stereolab
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Stereolab are an alternative music band formed in 1990 in London, England. The band originally comprised songwriting team Tim Gane (guitar/keyboards) and Lætitia Sadier (vocals/keyboards/guitar), both of whom remained at the helm across many lineup changes. Other long-time members include Mary Hansen (backing vocals/keyboards/guitar), who played with the group from 1992 until her accidental death in 2002, and Andy Ramsay (drums), who joined in 1993, and who is still in the official line-up.

Called "one of the most fiercely independent and original groups of the Nineties",[1] Stereolab were one of the first bands to be termed "post-rock"[by whom?]. Their primary musical influence was 1970s krautrock, which they combined with lounge, 1960s pop, and experimental pop music. They were noted for their heavy use of vintage electronic keyboards, and their sound often overlays a repetitive "motorik" beat with female vocals sung in English or French. Stereolab often incorporates socio-political themes into their lyrics. Some critics [2] say the group's lyrics carry a strong Marxist message, and both Gane and Sadier admit to being influenced by the Surrealist and Situationist cultural and political movements. Gane is skeptical of labels such as "Marxist pop", and defends the band against accusations of "sloganeering".
Although many of the band's albums have been underground hits, they never found larger commercial success. The band were released from their recording contract with Warner Bros. Records when Warner's imprint Elektra Records folded. The release was reportedly due to poor record sales, and since then Stereolab's self-owned label, Duophonic Records, has signed a distribution deal with Too Pure. Duophonic holds the copyrights to the band's recordings, and on this label the band has released many limited-edition records. In 2009, Stereolab announced via their website that they were going on indefinite hiatus.

This torrent includes:

Peng! (1992), Too Pure/American
Space Age Bachelor Pad Music (1993), Too Pure/American 
Transient Random-Noise Bursts with Announcements (1993), Duophonic/Elektra
Mars Audiac Quintet (1994), Duophonic/Elektra
Emperor Tomato Ketchup (1996), Duophonic/Elektra
Dots and Loops (1997), Duophonic/Elektra
Cobra and Phases Group Play Voltage in the Milky Night (1999), Duophonic/Elektra
The First of the Microbe Hunters (2000, EP), Duophonic/Elektra	
Sound-Dust (2001), Duophonic/Elektra
Margerine Eclipse (2004), Duophonic/Elektra
Oscillons from the Anti-Sun (2005), Duophonic/Too Pure
Fab Four Suture (2006), Duophonic/Too Pure
Chemical Chords (2008), Duophonic/4AD


Mary Hansen RIP