Book Description

Publication Date: December 31, 2009 | ISBN-10: 1416061274 | ISBN-13: 978-1416061274 | Edition: 5

Acclaimed for its unsurpassed readability and manageable scope, Ashcraft's Pediatric Surgery presents authoritative, practical guidance on treating the entire range of surgical problems in infants, children, and adolescents. The new 5th Edition continues this excellent legacy with its thoroughly updated coverage of today's hot topics including the increased use of minimally invasive surgery (MIS) for pediatric patients, urology, bariatric surgery in adolescents, and evidence-based treatments and outcomes in children. Expert Consult functionality-new to this edition-offers convenient access to the complete contents of the book, along with bonus surgical videos that demonstrate many of the new techniques and procedures from the text to help you refine your skills.

Covers the complete range of surgical problems in infants, children, and adolescents, for comprehensive guidance in one convenient resource.
Offers coverage of minimally invasive surgery, including laparoscopy and thoracoscopy, outlining the pros and cons of each approach.
Discusses timely topics such as bariatric surgery in adolescents and evidence-based treatments and outcomes in children.
Includes surgical videos-many new to this edition-which demonstrate how to perform key techniques.
Emphasizes a clinical focus for a broad spectrum of pediatric surgical disorders, for coverage that targets the material most important to you.
Features a user-friendly format that makes review easy for certification and recertification exams.
Places an increased emphasis on minimally invasive surgery, reflecting the shift from open to closed procedures that allow for faster recovery and better outcomes.
Presents a new focus on evidence-based treatments and outcomes, equipping you with today's best practices.
Offers the complete text online, fully searchable, along with all of the illustrations downloadable for your personal presentations, and access to surgical videos at expertconsult.com.
Includes over 900 illustrations-more than half new to this edition-that depict today's best surgical practice.
Provides online references linked to PubMed for easy access to abstracts and full text articles.

Your purchase entitles you to access the web site until the next edition is published, or until the current edition is no longer offered for sale by Elsevier, whichever occurs first. Elsevier reserves the right to offer a suitable replacement product (such as a downloadable or CD-ROM-based electronic version) should access to the web site be discontinued.