Bailey Blue: Destroyed by Electrosex

Jan 11, 2013 - Performers: Maitresse Madeline , Mark Wood and Bailey Blue 


MP4 + Pics.

WMV can be found here: 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/8008141/Electrosluts---ES-27899_Bailey_Blue__Maitresse_Madeline_and_Mark


Welcome the fresh faced and tight bodied newest recruit for Electrosluts, Bailey Blue. Bailey is a unique type of model, ones like this don't come along everyday. I had to think of something very special for this budding slave to electricity. Something awesomely intense, something incredibly hot, something outrageously hardcore, something you members of Electrosluts have never seen here before!! Lucky for me I got Maitresse Madeline to help me in with the task of breaking in this fresh and tender piece of meat. 

Bailey starts out bound standing tall with conductive rubber tightly cinched around her nipples, which is wired to sticky pads and two copper pipes that are just gracing her tender skin allowing for the most intense shock. Madeline warms her flesh up, both figuratively (with the hot electricity running through her body) and literally (with the whip the wields) However, this is just a warm up for the arrival of the secret and very special guest. Madeline has called a very special friend to come by and breakdown this sluts holes because we all know by now that it's not just about taking a good electro-beating if you want to be a true Electroslut. It's about getting fucked and having a body that's built for it! 

The time has come to call in a real COCK! Madeline shows Bailey how to truly submit and how to properly suck cock. She uses her friend to show Bailey what will happen if you obey and are a good slut and what happens if you disobey. Madeline does not like it when her subs imbarrase her so Bailey quickly learns to be ready for anything. Madeline lets her friend use Bailey's mouth, pussy and ass. She gets worked over hard and rough and is left knowing that she truly desires to be an Electroslut! 

Screens  
http://www.electrosluts.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=27899

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

