Man Dies, Comes Back, Slammed for Saying No Religion in Heaven

One week after publishing the condensed eBook about his experience in Heaven, the non-churchgoing man was slammed by his Christian community for saying there was no religion in Heaven. The typical "died and went to Heaven" book is geared toward the Christian belief and written in the way Christians view Heaven. Anything outside of this is considered heresy; a mere hallucination. This book was considered heresy. At the end of his book, the author revealed the deception of religion stating people from all religions and from all time were there. No sugar-coating for any religion. The author subtly injected the misconceptions of concepts taught by churches concerning marriage, family, and ethnicity putting some in an uproar - a few wanting to ban his book. In efforts to counteract the snuffing out of sales from his community, the author launched a book trailer on YouTube utilizing some of the community's very words used against him, "Don't be fooled." Watch the one-minute video on youtube: Man Dies, Comes Back, Slammed for Saying No Religion in Heaven.


These are the first 2 chapters of the controversial eBook "Imagine There's a Heaven"

BOOK DESCRIPTION:

"Heaven. It's there. It's real. It's the same as on earth, but different."

These are some of the first words the sixty-one year old slowly whispered after coming out of a twelve day coma following cardiac arrest and triple-by-pass surgery.

You may have read Proof of Heaven, Heaven is for Real, To Heaven and Back and saw a glimpse of Heaven. Imagine There's a Heaven is more than a glimpse. It's an abstract, personal account of a non-churchgoing man who journeyed to Heaven - no filler, no fluff. He is a non-published author who documented his journey of what he saw, heard, felt, and did in the vast dimension of Heaven.

AUTHOR: Jim Austerman
BOOK TITLE: Imagine There's a Heaven
FORMAT: PDF
ABRIDGED: Yes
LANGUAGE: English

AMAZON LINK:  http://www.amazon.com/Imagine-Theres-a-Heaven-ebook/dp/B00C54V2BK/ 

RELEASE DATE: April 1, 2013
BOOK COVER: Yes

