Ron Spencer Band - 2009 - Roller Coaster Blues

For over 25 years Ron Spencer has been a mainstay of the CNY blues scene. He has lent his fiery blend of blues, and roots-based guitar playing to some of the area’s premier bands including Grammy nominated Joe Whiting, The Kingsnake’s Pete McMahon, Tom Townsley and blues diva, Kim Lembo. In 1996 Ron brought his four piece combo to national attention with their CD, Ron Spencer & The Nite Crew - Burnin' Desire. In May of '98 Blues Revue declared them "the best-unsigned act" He has shared the stage with dozens of national recording acts such as Rod Piazza, Charlie Musslewhite, Johnny Copeland, Kenny Neal, Son Seals and Little Charlie & The Nitecats. He has been invited on stage to engage in head to head guitar duels with such heavyweights as Duke Robillard, Anson Funderburgh, Bob Margolin and Rick Holmstrom. He has also toured with Chicago's queen of the blues, Big Time Sarah and Blue Wave Records diva, Kim Lembo.Formed in 2000, the seven piece Ron Spencer & Jumpstart featured a swingin’ horn section, poundin’ keyboards and a blues shoutin’ frontman. In 2002 the band paired up with rock & roll and r&b legend, Jimmy Cavallo. Their CD, "Jimmy Cavallo - The Houserocker with Ron Spencer & Jumpstart" on Blue Wave Records was nominated in 2003 for the ultimate recognition in the blues field...a W.C. Handy Award! In 2006 their Blue Wave Records CD “Livin’ Low” won a SAMMY Award for best blues recording. Jumpstart’s next Blue Wave collaboration with Jimmy Cavallo, “You’d Better Believe It!” won them a second SAMMY Award in 2007. Ron and Jimmy have performed together three times to sold out shows at England's premier r&b festivals as well as the largest festival of it‘s kind in the world, Wisconsin‘s Rockin’ ‘50‘s Fest.
Ron Spencer has been a crowd pleaser and featured act for the past seven years at the NYS Rhythm & Blues Festival & The Blues in the Bay Blues Fest and played the Chenango County Blues Fest three times. Blueswax online magazine had this to say about their latest release, “Roller Coaster Blues can hang with the toughest Blues albums coming out today.”The Ron Spencer Band is Ron Spencer -guitar & vocals, Mark Gibson - vocals, Jay Gould - bass & vocals & Ross Moe on drums. (cdbaby)

Track list:
1. 20 Second Boogie Woogie
2. Losin' End
3. Feel So Bad
4. That Door
5. Roller Coaster Blues
6. Brand New Way Of Hurtin'
7. What I Wouldn't Do
8. Such A Fool
9. Lover's Plea
10. Your Kiss
11. Oh, Baby Doll
12. Devil Baby
13. Into The Fire

Personnel:
Ron Spencer - Guitar
Mark Gibson - Vocals
Jay Gould - Bass
Ross Moe – Drums 

Enjoy and share!