Rocco Puppet Master 9 (Evil Angel) [DVDRip]

CAST
Asa Akira, Cristian Devil, Darryl Hanah, George UHL, Lara, Marsha, Mia, Rocco Siffredi, Sofia Valentine, Viki, Yohane Yohansson

Rocco Puppet Master 9: Director Rocco Siffredi likes putting his nastiest, most twisted scenarios in his Puppet Master series, with special emphasis on dominance and discipline. Rocco: Puppet Master 9 contains four such scenes, each a kinky tableau of depravity. The disc includes behind-the-scenes footage, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies, and trailers.Scene 1: Blonde Darryl Hanah, a stylish, longhaired blonde who resembles a nameless Hollywood actress, has long been a fan of Rocco Siffredi, so she has a present for him: Asian beauty Asa Akira, who exhibits Tai Chi moves and a Samurai sword under bright sunlight. It seems you have the Chi of sex, she tells Rocco. Indeed. Rocco cranks Darryls legs behind her head and eats her pussy, fingers and licks her asshole, and gets his cock and balls sucked. Enter Asa, whose sword comes a little too close to Roccos cock before she joins in the cocksucking. Soon hes carrying her pretty form in 69 position. She sits on his face, then his meat, grinding her cunt and bouncing her buns. The girls kiss and share dick. Rocco grips Asa by the ankles to crank her legs up behind her head, forcefully fucking her, choking her, and at her urgent request, pulling her hair. This womans body looks like it was designed to look pretty while fucking... she makes Rocco sweat profusely. He cock-whips her lovely face and sits on it for a rim job. Rocco nails dirty Darryls ass and she sucks his meat ass-to-mouth. She takes a toy-and-cock double-penetration, and finally Rocco ejaculates his Chi onto both faces.Scene 2: Yohane Yohansson is a blue-eyed, fair-skinned girl whose pussy, Rocco Siffredi tells her, looks like a rose. The Russian girl has taken lessons and dressed in silky blue to be Roccos geisha. Holding her over a window with a scenic European view, he dominantly chokes and slaps her. Roccos friend George arrives with Mia, a natural bodied Slovak girl who could be Yohanes blonde sister. Surprised to have guests, Yohane loyally pledges to stay as Roccos geisha, and she entertains the guests with posing, pussy eating and her talent for hiding a chrome dildo in her ass. The girls blow George and the good geisha rims his asshole. George fucks Yohanes ass, with her legs elegantly pulled back behind her head, and Mia sucks her ass flavor from his cock. When Mia gets fucked, her titties bounce, and sucking Georges dick, Yohane gets to taste Mia pussy-to-mouth. George gets to pork geisha Yohanes butt, and when he jacks off into her mouth, she sucks his cock clean, then shares a cum kiss with Mia.Scene 3: Short, blonde hair, natural tits and thick, blow job lips make Lara cute; tarted up in fishnets and high-heel boots, she turns Rocco Siffredi on. They make out on his pond-side patio, but a blow job cant make him stop wondering about Sofia Valentine, who was also expected. Lara wont say where the missing girl is, only that she hates that bitch Sofia. Rocco rips open Laras fishnets and eats her pussy, but keeps asking about Sofia till Lara leads him to where shes chained Sofia to a bondage cross with a menacing metal contraption holding her mouth open. Rocco is thrilled! He removes the metal but applies clothespins to Sofias thick, heavily painted red lips and her tongue. With that he stuffs his cock in the mouth of the restrained, kneeling girl. The resulting blow job makes Sofias face contort like a sex clown. Rocco stacks the girls ass-on-ass and gives rim jobs, and together the girls suck his cock and lap his balls. Lara fucks Sofia with a large, black, handled dildo. As she eats Lara, Sofia takes a rough doggie-style fuck, then a rough ass reaming, and Lara sucks Roccos cock fresh from hated Sofias ass. Rocco teabags Lara, both girls rim Roccos asshole, and Sofias butthole gapes for Laras tongue. The scene continues with nasty ass-to-mouth BJs, vigorous ass pounding, graphic ass gapes of both girls, plus choking, slapping and cum sprayed onto both girls tongues.Scene 4: On his pond-side patio, Rocco Siffredi encounters Viki, a dark haired, dark eyed beauty with a shy smile and natural tits. They make out and he eats her pussy, but she gets squeamish when he squeezes her nipples, so he declares her unsexy and their tryst a mistake. He promises he can find a more willing partner, and sure enough, a fan is hiding in the closet. Shes Marsha, a petite, dirty blonde with natural tits, hot lips and a pink crop-top that reads, Rocco (heart) Me. So Rocco dismisses Viki, and Marsha goes about sucking his cock. He fingers her asshole and fucks her doggie-style, bringing out Vikis competitiveness. Together the girls suck his cock and lick his scrotum. To see if Viki can truly prove herself sexy, Rocco sets her up with his very nasty friend Cristian Devil. Ornery Viki decides she prefers Cristian to Rocco, but Cristian wants both girls. Viki sucks his big boner and both girls lap his cock and balls. He rims their asses side-by-side. Over a pinball table in Roccos game room, Cristian plows Viki doggie-style and chokes her out; she arches her back, really into the rough fucking. Marsha gets the advanced, anal pinball treatment, and sucks Cristians cock fresh from each of her holes. Marshas little ass can barely cover Cristians monster dong, and as her pussy rides his prick, her distended anus glows purple! After a quick smoking break, Viki returns for more fucking and to share Cristians cum with Marsha.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=2qk1x2vbvo6ur34mfyqo.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=pyl9gxr5e5gwzgrtvu1d.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qzqzcx5mndqd4hazqdgn.jpg