
DuckTales is a half-hour animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. Based on Carl Barks' Uncle Scrooge comic book series, it premiered on September 18, 1987 and ended on November 28, 1990 with a total of four seasons and 100 episodes.[1] An animated theatrical spin-off film based on the series, DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp, was released widely in the United States on August 3, 1990. The voice cast from the series reprised their roles for the film.

The viewer follows the adventures of Scrooge McDuck and his three grandnephews, Huey, Dewey, and Louie. Important secondary characters, that often take part in the adventures, include Donald Duck, Scrooge's pilot Launchpad McQuack and butler Duckworth, the inventor Gyro Gearloose, and the nanny Mrs. Beakley and her granddaughter Webby. The most notable antagonists in the series are the Beagle Boys, the witch Magica De Spell, and the industrialist Flintheart Glomgold. In a typical story, the villains are after McDuck's fortune or his Number One Dime; another common theme is a race after some sort of treasure. Although some stories are original or based on Barks' comic book series, others are pastiches on classical stories or legends, including characters based on either fictional or historical persons. The series is known for its many references to popular culture, including Shakespeare, Jack the Ripper, Greek mythology, James Bond and Sherlock Holmes.

The series aired in India on Doordarshan, dubbed in Hindi. In many countries, the

 
DuckTales song was performed by well-known singers.Amit Kumar son of the Indian 

singer and actor Kishore Kumar  sang the title tracks for the Hindi-dubbed version

 of Disney's animated series Duck Tales 


TITLE

"Don't Give Up the Ship"
"Treasure of the Golden Suns (Part 1)"

PLOT

The introduction of the series, as Donald Duck joins the Navy and sends Huey, Dewey, and Louie off to live with their uncle Scrooge McDuck. Meanwhile, a mysterious man named El Capitán busts the Beagle Boys out of jail in order for them to help him steal an awkward treasure map in Scrooge's possession. 






screens 
http://img197.imageshack.us/img197/9609/tgiveuptheshipsvprasad.jpg