    genre    action / combat / fantasy
    download size    475 MB
    release date    February 21, 2001
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
    languages    English, French, Italian, Spanish
    developer / publisher    Rebel Act Studios / Codemasters
    game modes    single-player, multi-player

  Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    manual
    5 avatars
    10 concept arts

    Brutal blood and gore! Hack off an enemyΓÇÖs limb and beat him to death with it!
    Four unique Champions of Ianna that boast unique movesets for maximum slaying efficiency!
    Over 100 deadly weapons, each with individual attacks to be learned!

Overview:

The Lord created Chaos, and divided it in two parts, the Light and the Darkness. He gave to them life and thought, and so were born the Spirit of Light and the Prince of Darkness. But the Prince held the unspoken desire of supplanting his Father. He learnt in secret the language of Creation and tried to create a new being. But the new born would not accept the commands of the Prince of Darkness, and growing stronger, took part of his own essence and created terrible monsters and demons. The Lord and the Prince of Light tried to stop it, and they waged a great war. Gradually the being was weakened and finally defeated, but after this the Father was exhausted, and withdrew into the depths of the Universe. But all that was long ago... Now, something strange is happening. The signals are clear. Foul creatures are awakening from their dormancy, and spreading terror and destruction... The Darkness has returned, and the end is near. A new hero is needed, a chosen one who will wield the Sword, and destroy the Enemy forever...

If you have a craving for a bloodbath, then Blade of Darkness is for you! Chop off the limbs of your enemies and beat them to death with their own arm or leg! Wield a wonderful variety of weapons--from swords, axes, clubs to awe-inspiring great hammers--and lay waste to the foul demons that stand between you and your goal: to destroy the Darkness once and for all! Blade of Darkness is a third-person perspective combat adventure with four unique champions--the barbarian Tukaram, the dwarf Naglfar, the knight Sargon, and the Amazon Zoe--each with their own unique movesets and style. Time's a wastin' and the forces of Darkness draw ever closer. Pick up your sword and become a Champion of Ianna today!

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: MATURE with Animated Blood and Gore, Animated Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 9.0c, sound card compatible with DirectX 9.0c, 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.

Install and Play.