Best ebook reader for Android. Supports EPUB 2, PDF and OPDS formats and the Adobe 

DRM.

For eager readers, students and pros. Highlight and annotate excerpts, share quotes 

and annotations with friends, revise your lessons, prepare reports, make 

bibliographical research or annotate contracts, lookup words in local and remote 

dictionaries, go on reading while running thanks to the text-to-speech function, 

download thousands of ebooks from famous OPDS catalogs or add your own OPDS 

catalogs...

ΓÇ£Best on the market. I've tried every ereader app on the market and this is by far 

the fastest, most feature rich one. Very well done, you're head and shoulders above 

the competition.ΓÇ¥

Main features :

Reader

. Advanced support of PDF including : Pan and Zoom, one column display with a 

double-click, word selection with a double-click.

. Support of Adobe DRM including the management of ID and password protected files.

. Theme support for ePub files : change the default font, line height, colors, etc.

. Text to speech on a book, a page or a text selection.

. Textual and graphical note taking, related to a page, a highlight or independent.

. Tree structured table of content.

. Quick access to annotations, highlights and bookmarks.

. Word search in a dictionary to be choosen among a list (local dictionary or 

online)

Library

. Tag management.

. Filters by author, tags, publisher and formats.

. Sort by title, author, date on which it was added, last access date.

. List and thumbnail views.

. Word search in the personal lexicon.

Bookfinder

. Search of a book in several online catalogs simultaneously, together with Google 

books.

. Opening of the downloaded book in the reader.

. Filter by category, language, bookstore.

. Review posting from the book description page.

. Book search in fulltext or multi-criterion mode.



Other reader applications :

. Supporting Adobe DRM: Aldiko, Moon+ Reader, Kobo.

. Not Supporting Adobe DRM: RepliGo, Laputa, Cool Reader, EzPDF.

What's in this version:

2.3.18

New: Edit bookmark title

Improved:

- Generation of book covers

- Text selection easier for partial lines

- Some highlights not correctly displayed when changing font size

- Magnifier for text selection is more comfortable

- Nightmode in EPUB when zooming on an image

- Themes selection and theme edition

Fixed:

- Dictionary crash after using online dictionaries several times

- Crashes in some EPUB files with large TOC, when navigating through it

- Crashes and white pages in some PDF files