Mirolit Software Halotea

It is created for those people who have nervous and intense work, who have small children, who want inner balance, who want to sleep peacefully, as well as for home and office PC users. With the help of sounds we can either provoke person's nervous system or calm it down. Children are not exceptions. In fact, according to the tests, small children behave calmly while the application is used.

Halotea is an excellent application for relaxation and rest.
It is enough to choose and turn on a sound theme and enjoy relaxing sounds of the nature and pleasant noises; to create the very sound surrounding, which matches your mood or can help tune in to a definite rhythm of work or rest. You can also create your own presets and sound themes.

There is no need to buy CDs with nature sounds any more.
The generation of the unique sound themes in the application based on random repetitions with random parameters of individual sounds reproducing from the huge high-quality samples collection, is performed. This allows creation of realistic and unique sound. All the presets are divided into groups, so that it is easy to find required presets as well as add them easily to the chosen sound theme.

Intuitive interface allows a quick creation of your own preset from the application sounds or from your own sounds.

Halotea is recommended for usage at offices, homes, children's rooms or kindergartens, as well as in any other places, where pleasant sound atmosphere is needed. The application was tested at offices - and the results are astonishing. After a while office workers calmed down and could not talk in a loud voice. And what else is necessary for efficient work? Calm nerves and pure conscious without irritation!

Halotea will become your assistant.

You may use this application for meditation and concentration.
Got crazy of all fuss and noise at your workplace? Got tired of noisy games of your children or need to concentrate and make a rational decision? This application is for you!

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://mirolit.com/products/halotea/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use keygen to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.