Young MC - Principal's Office [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "" is a song from Stone Cold Rhymin',  the debut album by rapper Young MC. It was originally released in 1989 on Delicious Vinyl and was later re-issued by Rhino Records. The third track, "Bust a Move", was Young MC's biggest hit and is his most well known song. 

Marvin Young (born May 10, 1967), better known by his stage name Young MC, is an English-born American singer, rapper and actor. His debut album Stone Cold Rhymin' found international acclaim; however, subsequent albums have not reached the same level of success. Young has also appeared in film in acting roles and cameo appearances and has appeared in several television programs. His family left England and moved to Queens, New York when he was eight years old. 

Young attended Hunter College High School in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. He went on to earn a degree in economics from the University of Southern California (USC). At USC he met Michael Ross and Matt Dike from the record company Delicious Vinyl. Young rapped over the phone for Ross and Dike, who ended up delivering a record contract to his USC dorm room. In 1989, Young collaborated with Tone Loc on the songs "Wild Thing" and "Funky Cold Medina". Young gained fame with the release of his single "Bust a Move", which reached No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100, topped the charts in Australia and won a Grammy for Best Rap Performance. The single helped Young's debut album, Stone Cold Rhymin', to reach No. 9 on the Billboard 200 and attain platinum status in the US. The follow-up single, "Principal's Office", reached No. 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was nominated for Best Rap Video at the 1990 MTV Video Music Awards.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stone_Cold_Rhymin%27 
      
http://bayimg.com/FALDEaAee 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 23.976fps 8420kbps
   Audio: LPCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:04:02




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.6


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	