Release year: 2013
Genre: Action / Shooter, Action. Adventure / Action. Adventure
Developer: Crystal Dynamics
Publisher: 1C-SoftKlab, Square Enix
Code disc: BLES01780
Completeness: FULL
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Labor: internal / external HDD
Type of publication / localization: license
Firmware: 3.55 all files have been replaced

Description:
The legendary hero returns in a new guise - the studio Crystal Dynamics, which returned the name of the game Tomb Raider Olympus decided to restart the series. Of the game started in 2008 in total secrecy, and only recently discovered the developers all the cards of his ambitious project.

The most important difference from the previous adventures of "Tomb Raider" lays the foundation of the game: Lara Croft has not yet become a legend among the hunters of old treasures. Instead, she just was qualified archaeologist and goes on his first expedition to the islands off the coast of Japan. Storm gust sends the ship to the bottom, and Lara, along with the remains of the crew miraculously manages to escape and reach the shore.

The island is a very uncomfortable place, and the heroine is only one thing - to learn how to survive and protect his life. Tomb Raider (2013) makes it possible to go from a shipwreck victim to bandits and thunderstorms most dexterous Treasure Seeker.

Start a career archaeologist Croft gets tough: no food, no fire, no weapons - the developers aim to create a deep dramatic stories filled with distress and turmoil. Meet the new Lara, frightened, but determined to overcome all the difficulties and trials.

It turns out that this island is located in the local version of the "Bermuda Triangle" - hundreds of years ships are broken, and the local people believe that this is the plan of the ancient Japanese goddess. It is these sects and become the main obstacle in the way of a brave adventurer.

Order to create a rich and fascinating history of the developers completely revised image of the heroine and the familiar structure of games in the series. Instead related story missions - the illusion of an open world in which Lara can move between sections, returning to the puzzles with new abilities and skills. Hunting for animals in search of food, and only then - the treasure hunt. The island will be very rich in finds, and each of them not only take pride of place in the museum, but also will bring invaluable experience. The one that will stand up in a fight with wildlife and no less wild inhabitants of the island.

Serious processed all the usual elements of the game. Reliable physical model was the basis for the majority of puzzles to solve which will become even more interesting. The combat system is closer to the simulations of survival - fight enemies have less, but every battle will be a major test.

Special attention is paid to developers of multiplayer. Three modes, from classic shootout between two teams to search for drugs to wounded comrades - another good reason to buy Tomb Raider (2013).
Features of Tomb Raider (2013):
A fresh look at the legend of video games: the history of formation of Lara, shown with a flourish worthy of a movie!
Open to research a world full of mystery, danger and adventure. Interesting battles, puzzles and traps, organically woven into the plot of the game.
Role-playing elements: you go from weak defenseless girl to skilled treasure hunter.
Multiplayer matches - show who's smart and skilled adventurer! Of course, to take part in online battles to buy a key Tomb Raider (2013).
Lara Croft is back - witness the birth of the legendary Tomb Raider!

About Rip:
Based on license 1C
Cut all languages ΓÇïΓÇïexcept English and Russian!
Cut out all the demo videos!
This release is only 3.55
