Masaharu Takemura, Sakura, and Becom Co., Ltd.

The Manga Guide to Molecular Biology

Front Cover
 
http://nostarch.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/product_full/mg_mbiology_big.jpg

Details

Authors: Masaharu Takemura, Sakura
Title: The Manga Guide to Molecular Biology
Publication Date: August 2009
Pages: 240
List Price: $15.95 (E-Book)
File Format: PDF
File Size: 104 MB

Description

Rin and Ami have been skipping molecular biology class all semester, and Professor Moro has had enoughΓÇöhe's sentencing them to summer school on his private island. But they're in store for a special lesson. Using Dr. Moro's virtual reality machine to travel inside the human body, they'll get a close-up look at the fascinating world of molecular biology.

Join them in The Manga Guide to Molecular Biology, and learn all about DNA, RNA, proteins, amino acids, and more. Along the way, you'll see chemical reactions first-hand and meet entertaining characters like Enzyme Man and Drinkzilla, who show how the liver metabolizes alcohol.

Together with Ami and Rin, you'll learn all about:

- The organelles and proteins inside cells, and how they support cellular functions
- The processes of transcription and translation, and your genes' role in synthesizing proteins
- The pieces that make up our genetic code, like nucleotides, codons, introns, and exons
- The processes of DNA replication, mitosis and cytokinesis

Genetic technology like transduction and cloning, and the role of molecular biology in medicine
Whether you need a molecular biology refresher or you're just fascinated by the science of life, The Manga Guide to Molecular Biology will give you a uniquely fun and informative introduction.


Table of Contents

Prologue: Let the Training Begin!
Chapter 1: What is a Cell?
Chapter 2: Proteins and DNA
Chapter 3: DNA Replication and Cell Division
Chapter 4: How is a Protein Made?
Chapter 5: Molecular Biology Technology and Its Applications
Index

About the Author

Masaharu Takemura is a Lecturer at the Tokyo University of Science
in biology, molecular biology, and life sciences. A Doctor of Medical Science,
Takemura has written several books about biology.

Come here for more manga guide torrents!  
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/index.php?showtopic=329307	