nERv

The Cave (c) Double Fine Productions

01/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Adventure

The Cave is a new adventure game from Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion
creator Ron Gilbert, and Double Fine Productions, the award-winning studio
behind Psychonauts and Brtal Legend

Assemble your team of three from seven unlikely adventurers, each with their
own unique personalities and stories, then descend into the mysterious
depths to explore locations including a subterranean amusement park and a
medieval castle, not to mention a fully armed and ready-to-launch nuclear
tipped ICBM. The Cave awaits

Key Features

Seamlessly Spelunk - Explore a ginormous completely seamless cave-world
presented in astounding cross-section that will blow... your... mind
Assemble a team of 3 explorers - From the Hillbilly to the Time Traveller
all 7 characters have their own unique personalities, special talents and
a dark and secret reason for descending The Cave
A Cave like no other - If you enjoy spelunking and dark rocky caverns then
be prepared to be disappointed. Your first clue The Cave is a place like
no other will be when you stumble across the subterranean amusement park
or the medieval castle, not to mention the fully armed and ready to launch
nuclear tipped missile
Let's work together - Switch between the 3 characters, in cooperation with
each other, and solve physical and adventure puzzles as you learn the
truth behind why they are here. Share the cave exploring adventure with
friends in local co-op
Unlock all the secrets of the cave - Replay the adventure with a new set
of characters for a whole different experience including unique story,
puzzles and areas of The Cave, plus hidden treasures (not redeemable for
cash) and collectables
Watch the Cave come alive - Experience the detailed, stunning art style
and humor that only Ron Gilbert and Double Fine can dream up.

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy the content from /Crack directory on the DVD to the install
directory of the game, overwriting existing files.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT