What is Master Collection?

Adobe® Creative Suite® 6 Master Collection software delivers unprecedented performance with blazing-fast 64-bit native support and GPU acceleration. Groundbreaking new creative tools provide innovative ways to design for the latest devices. With exceptional power and precision, you can create inspiring experiences that go anywhere.


LS4
For pc 32/64bit


Whats Inside:

Photoshop® CS6 Extended
Illustrator® CS6
InDesign® CS6
Acrobat® X ProFlash® Professional CS6
Flash Builder® 4.6 Premium Edition
Dreamweaver® CS6
Fireworks® CS6
Adobe Premiere® Pro CS6
After Effects® CS6
Adobe Audition® CS6
SpeedGrade™ CS6
Prelude™ CS6Encore® CS6
Bridge CS6Media Encoder CS6


Install:
Unpack rar files
Use serial/Crack 32 and 64 bit


 
http://www.adobe.com/products/creativesuite/mastercollection.html



Adobe Creative Suite 6 Master Collection software delivers unprecedented performance with blazing-fast 64-bit native support and GPU acceleration. Groundbreaking new creative tools provide innovative ways to design for the latest devices. With exceptional power and precision, you can create inspiring experiences that go anywhere.


Install Instructions: (Read carefully on my torrent file notes!)


Note: If you encounter any issues with a previous installation / crack, please 
uninstall Master collection and delete those folders :

./Library/Application Support/Adobe/SLStore 
./Library/Application Support/Adobe/SLCache


If you re-install or want to install another application 
Before entering your serial Make sure your host file is clean and your internet is blocked one way or another, start at Step 1

Final Note:
Stop Being a Muppet and read the bloody instructions!
I have tested this on both Windows 7 ultimate SP1 and Mac OSX lion 10.7 and it works perfectly as long as you follow the steps in the read me.

No lame cracks or patches or stupid work around this is a pure X-FORCE quality ofc

------------------------------------------

Besides you have the whole lot here so why the fuck are you moaning... :)
