
Innocent Until Proven Filthy #7:

You Can't Handle The Truth!

Marcus Takes A Dip In The Aletta Ocean...Guess What?...The Water Is Fine!

Angelica's Phat Ass...Drives CJ Insane!

Danica Blue...5'10 Of Tits & Ass...Perfect!

Madison Parker...Do Assholes Get Any Cuter?

Innocent Yasmine Proves...Looks Can Be Deceiving!

Tina May...Showers, Suds, Sperma

    Scene 1. Aletta Ocean, Mr. Marcus
    Scene 2. Yasmine Gold, Erik Everhard
    Scene 3. Tina May, Erik Everhard
    Scene 4. Angelica Heart, C.J. Wright
    Scene 5. Danica Blue, Erik Everhard
    Scene 6. Madison Parker, Erik Everhard

Length 3 hrs. 33 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Jul 12 2010
Production Year 2010
Studio  Jules Jordan Video

Actresses:
    Aletta Ocean [Facial Bald IR]
    Angelica Heart [Facial Bald IR]
    Danica Blue [Facial Bald]
    Madison Parker [Anal Facial Bald]
    Tina May [Facial Bald Swallow]
    Yasmine Gold [Facial Bald]

Actors:
    C.J. Wright
    Erik Everhard
    Mr. Marcus




Body of Review: Erik Everhard and his works distributed by Jules Jordan Video have long been fan favorites for their amount of fuck for the buck, Erik's hardcore sexual antics with some of the top ladies in porn, and the sheer quality of the footage provided. That is why I was happy to take a detailed look into Innocent Until Proven Filthy 7: Special Edition, the sequel to last year's Innocent Until Proven Filthy 6, when it came in the other day. Knowing full well that the movie would have hours and hours of material in the double disc set, I took my time to give it the once over, the general theme of newcomers standing out in my mind as the show progressed. I was acquainted with most of the cast at least a little bit but few of them had been truly worked over as Erik tends to do when he goes into his trance-like state of mind in his flicks, figuring this might be the "make or break" points in their careers. In any case, all of them appeared attractive enough and despite the attempts at humor on the back cover, it was clear the show would prove most strokable to the raincoaters out there. Here's a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:

Summary: Innocent Until Proven Filthy 7 by director Erik Everhard for Jules Jordan Video was a solid gonzo offering full of ladies wanting to be banged by the director. The amount of fuck for the buck was very high and the quality of the sex seemed well worth a rating of Recommended or better, depending on how much you like the cast of attractive ladies. For me, the replay value and strokability enhanced the chemistry but it was clear that the ladies wanted to work with Erik. In short, Innocent Until Proven Filthy 7: Special Edition was as good as Innocent Until Proven Filthy 6 in many ways, the degree of comparison difficult due to the variations each pairing provides for analysis. Still, if you check out the titles, you will find both to be full of all the right elements.



