Mad Hungry - Feeding Men & Boys
By Lucinda Scala Quinn
Artisan | August 2012 | ISBN-10: 1579655122 | 177 pages | ePUB | 14.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Mad-Hungry-Feeding-Men-Boys/dp/1579655122

Recipes and strategies for bringing back the family meal
When first published in 2009, Lucinda Scala Quinn's Mad Hungry met with critical acclaim, but it wasn't just the media that fell hard for this book--it was mothers everywhere, who embraced her message to bring back the family meal and loved the ease, simplicity, and robust goodness of her recipes. The book went on to launch a TV series (Mad Hungry with Lucinda Scala Quinn) and now, with over 65,000 copies sold, it is available in a paperback edition that will reach a yet wider audience.
In Mad Hungry, Scala Quinn shares winning strategies for how to sate the seemingly insatiable, trade food for talk, and get men to manage in the kitchen. She provides recipes for single-skillet meals, dinners that yield fabulous leftovers, and dishes that are a cinch to stretch fore extra guests. Her grab-and-run breakfasts will help kids start the day right, and her healthful drinks make it easier for guys to say no to soda. Along with her techniques that help make homemade meals second nature, nourishing both diner and cook, Scala Quinn offers empowering advice on how to feed one's family's spirits as well as fill their bellies.

About the Author
Born to a family that always cared about food, Lucinda Scala Quinn started cooking professionally as a teenager. She has worked as a chef, cooking teacher, caterer, and food writer. She is vice president, editorial director of food and entertaining at Martha Stewart Omnimedia. She appears regularly on NBC's Today and Martha, as well as hosting her weekly radio show and co-hosting PBS's Everyday Food.
Lucinda Scala Quinn is at the forefront of the movement to bring back the family meal. Her show, Mad Hungry with Lucinda Scala Quinn, airs twice daily weekdays on the Hallmark Channel, with more than 150 episodes in the can. Along with being the author of Mad Hungry: Feeding Men and Boys and Mad Hungry Cravings, she is the executive food editor of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia. She is a frequent guest on NBC's Today Show and on The Martha Stewart Show, among many others.

CONTENTS
Preface: My Story
Introduction: Cook for the Men in Your Life and Teach Them to Cook for Themselves
The Ten Tenets: An Action Plan for How and Why to Feed Your Guys
01 | Tools, Flavors, and Theories
02 | Breakfast - The Virtue of a Thankless Task
03 | Lunch - It Really Matters
04 | WhatΓÇÖs for Dinner? - The Most Burning Question
05 | Down-home Desserts - TheyΓÇÖll Take It Any Way They Can Get It
Epilogue
Acknowledgments