Kind: Purchased AAC audio file
Bit Rate: 256 kbps
Sample Rate: 44.100 kHz

40 Tracks + Skream Mix + Pete Tong Mix


**This is in Apple Store bought order**


Skream continues his musical transition on Pete Tong’s annual Miami mix.

Without doubt two of electronic music’s most iconic DJs, producers and performers, Pete Tong and Skream join forces on the latest in the All Gone series, which includes tracks and remixes from many of the scenes leading lights, including Hot Natured, Maya Jane Coles, Dusky, Jamie Jones, Midland, Maceo Plex and many more, with no less than 11 of the tracks exclusive to this compilation.

A musical hero for a generation, Pete Tong is undeniably one of the most influential men in the history of electronic music and is known equally as radio show host, DJ, A&R man, and more recently producer and artist, as evidenced by a number of exclusive inclusions on his mix.

Tong – along with studio partner Paul Rogers - provides not only a new original production in Dance With The Devil, but also a brand new reworking of Hot Natured’s Assimilation, both of which are exclusive to this compilation. Also from Tong & Rogers is their edit of the Pachanga Boys’ epic Time, again a version which was created especially for this compilation.

“The series is constantly evolving; it’s now slower, funkier and has more vocals than ever before” says Tong of his latest mix. “I love the art of the mix CD and have a huge respect for the industry, so every time I commit to one I’m trying to make a timeless statement; something that accurately reflects the current musical landscape and will stand the test of time.”

Through his pioneering solo work and as one third of Magnetic Man, Skream's name may have become synonymous with dubstep, but recently the Croydon-born producer has been expanding his aural field to include house and garage-tinged beats and melodies. "I've come so far from where I was before but then I've never really been in one place” says Skream of the shift. “House, techno, disco...this is the music that I'm pushing and loving now. Things needed to evolve and I couldn't be happier."

“Skream has a love of dark, twisted house music which he’s been cultivating through his radio show” says Tong of his Radio 1 cohort. “We wanted to make a fresh statement with this compilation.”

Skream’s mix starts deep in the darkness, with the sounds of Phreek Plus One and Maelstrom setting a menacing early tone before the focus switches to bass-heavy productions from Midland and Duke Dumont.  Later in the mix you’ll find Dusky’s exceptional re-working of Justin Martin’s Don’t Go as well as brand new tracks from Skream himself, Rollercoaster feat. Sam Frank.

"This mix is only the start really; it's where I'm heading and I'm really excited about it. There's a lot of variety and plenty of surprises. The b-lines are still there but here is a Skream mix exploring different tempos and styles, and delivering plenty of feeling. I'm really pleased with it; I just hope everyone else loves it as much as I do.”

Ultimately, All Gone Pete Tong & Skream Miami 2013 delivers on every level, rendering itself as a rich, unrestricted musical soundscape from two of the scene’s true greats.