Sexually BrokenIsis Love dominates and fucks Mia Gold, Brutal deep throating, rough bondage & sex, Massive Orgasms  Mia Gold  Matt Williams


Mp4 Only

Since we first shot Mia Gold way back in the early days of the site, she has exploded to become a top talent in the industry. Any girl who is beautiful enough for mainstream porn and can do the hardcore rough bondage work, is in my opinion, exponentially above the the rest! 

Isis Love is in the house and is helping with the sexual destruction of Mia. We have Mia cuffed and on her knees. We make Mia crawl for cock. From one to the other, Mia takes cock all the way down her throat. Her dress rides up and we see the little slut didn't wear panties and has a shaved pussy. We love shaved pussies here at Sexually Broken.

 Brutal deep throating is what Mia must do to survive. We fuck her face hard and deep. She struggles and we are relentless. It's a double skull fucking, the kind you only see here at Sexually Broken. Once Mia gets our cocks all greased up with her deep throat spit we make her fuck each cock. Back and forth she must please two, and these two are the best in the industry at what they do. Mia knows she is going to get blasted and blasted well.

 We move Mia to a brutal bondage position, strappado'd and stuck on a vibrator. Isis plays with her new toy, and helps Mia with her deep throating skill by grabbing her hair and jamming it on the hard cock, all the way down her tight tiny throat, again and again. Mia is vibrated to orgasm after orgasm while her throat gets brutally fucked over and over. Multi-tasking at its best. 

Mia is sexually wrecked, deep in subspace and unable to stop cumming. Her nipples are clamped and pulled out, making her press on the vibrator even harder. The cock continues it's face fucking, Mia is still cumming with her eyes rolled up into the back of her head. A sure sign that the girl is gone and a sex zombie has taken her place. Mindless...

 
Screens      
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/04_01mgold4/SexuallyBroken-Mia-Gold-Isis-Love-Matt-Williams-Isis-Love-dominates-and-fucks-Mia-Gold-Brutal-deep-throating-rough-bondage-sex-Massive-Orgasms.php


10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-) 