 Fiction Writer's Workshop - Josip Novakovich 



Book Description

Master the Elements of the Writing Workshop

The great paradox of the writing life is that to be a good writer, you must be both interested in the world around you and comfortable working in solitude for hours on end. Fiction Writer's Workshop, Second Edition, is designed to help you foster a strong sense of independenceΓÇöof being and thinking on your own, of becoming self-evaluative without being self-criticalΓÇöin order to accomplish what others seek in classroom groups.

In this comprehensive guide, award-winning writer and teacher Josip Novakovich explores every aspect of the art of fiction and provides all the tools and techniques you'll need to develop day-to-day discipline as well as a personal writing style, such as:

    More than 100 writing exercises, including dozens that are new to this edition, that challenge you to experiment with diverse writing styles
    Specific statements of purpose for each exercise, to help guide you and instruct you at every step of the creative process
    Self-critique questions to help you assess your work and identify strengths and weaknesses before moving on to the next lesson
    The full text of eight acclaimed short stories, with analysis and exercises, to provide models for your own writing and help reinforce the lessons you've learned

The practical, insightful methods offered in this workshop will clarify your voice, broaden your perspective, and strengthen your fiction.



From Wikipedia:

Josip Novakovich (Croatian: Novakovi─ç) is a Canadian writer.
...

He has published a novel (April Fool's Day), three short story collections (Yolk, Salvation and Other Disasters, Infidelities: Stories of War and Lust), four collections of narrative essays (Apricots from Chernobyl, Plum Brandy: Croatian Journey, Three Deaths, and Shopping for a New Country); and two textbooks (Writing Fiction Step by Step, Fiction Writer's Workshop) and hundreds of short stories and essays.

Novakovich is the recipient of the Whiting Writer's Award, a Guggenheim fellowship, two fellowships from the National Endowment of the Arts, panelist of National Endowment of the Arts, an award from the Ingram Merrill Foundation, and an American Book Award from the Before Columbus Foundation. Novakovich was a finalist for the The Man Booker International Prize in 2013. He was anthologized in Best American Poetry, Pushcart Prize (three times),and O.Henry Prize Stories. Kirkus Reviews finds Novakovich as "the best American short stories writer of the decade".

His works are published in the top literary magazines in the USA (Ploughshares, The New York Times Magazine, Double Take, The Threepenny Review etc.)

Novakovich has taught at Nebraska Indian Community College, Bard College, Moorhead State University, Antioch University Los Angeles, creative writing at the University of Cincinnati, and Pennsylvania State University. He is currently in Montreal, Quebec teaching at Concordia University, where his son Joseph studies cello performance and abstract mathematics at McGill University and his lovely daughter Eva studies at the arts high school FACE.

...
(lol at   A Canadian writer considered "the best American short stories writer of the decade" ... so even national culture is outsourced now).
