FEAR - Platinum Collection

Year of release : 2005
Genre : Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person
Developer : Monolith Productions
Publisher : Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Publisher in Russia : Soft Club
Publication Type : RePack
Language : 
Sound language : 
Tablet : not required

System requirements:
Operating system : Windows 2000, Windows XP,
Processor : Pentium4 1.8Ghz
Memory : 512 MB
Video : GeForce4Ti/Radeon 8500, 64 MB
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0
Free space on hard disk : 5 GB

Description :
 The police catch criminals. SWAT neutralize terrorists. Army 
ready to repel attack another army. With their help, the
government is able to destroy any enemy of flesh and blood.
But there are opponents, which can not handle conventional 
military. When there is something really unusual, when the murder
could only be the work of ghosts, when another world rises up 
against the world's people, it takes FEAR - Federal Response unit
of activity.
The story begins as a thriller, a complication of the plot is a
secret military facility in the hands of unknown terrorists. They
take hostages, but did not put forward any demands. The 
government uses Special Forces, but the relationship with the
detachment disappears soon after the start of the operation.
A few moments of inner chamber observations show a picture of
carnage - bodies of soldiers, torn to pieces by an unknown force
before they have time to understand what is happening.






FEAR 2


Year of release : 2009
Genre : Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person
Developer : Monolith Productions
Publisher : Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Publisher in Russia : New Disc
Publication Type : RePack
Language : 
Sound language : 
Tablet : not required

System requirements:
Operating system : Windows XP, Windows Vista
Processor : Pentium 2.8 GHz (3.2 GHz for Windows Vista) or equivalent Athlon
Memory : 1 GB
Video Card : 256 MB compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c, Shader Model 
2.0b (Nvidia GeForce 6800 or ATI Radeon X700)
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0
Free space on hard drive : 12 GB

Description :
 The long-awaited sequel to FEAR, one of the best first-person 
shooter! You once again expect a bone-horror, excellent, detailed 
graphics and exciting storyline. Alma, the worst girl in the 
history of computer games, pulled away from the explosion 
shattered the underground laboratory. The deformed mutants invaded 
the neighborhood and clashed with troops of soldiers. The will of 
fate in the center of the carnage was a group of commandos led by 
an experienced officer, Michael Beckett. Now on his endurance, 
stamina and skill depends the fate of millions of people! Already 
familiar and new weapons, including a mechanical suit 
"Stormtrooper" again help in an unequal battle. This time it will 
unfold not only in buildings and transitions, but also in the 
open. The enemies have learned to act as a group, as a trained 
assault unit, they closed down each other's fire, try to go back. 
The atmosphere is a constant, inexplicable fear cause to look 
around in search of danger - it seems that behind always someone 
there! We hear noises, groans and rustling steps creepy Alma girl 
image shudder, and all the more frightening it becomes a vision 
sent.






FEAR 3


Year of release : 2011
Genre : Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person
Developer : Studios, Monolith
Publisher : Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Publisher in Russia : New Disc
Publication Type : RePack
Language : 
Sound language : 
Tablet : not required

System requirements:
Operating system : Windows XP (SP2), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4Ghz, AMD Athlon X2 4800 +
Memory : 2 GB
Video Card : NVIDIA 8800 GT 512MB RAM, ATI 3850HD 512Mb
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0
Free space on hard drive : 10 GB

Description :
 Nine months ago Operative (Point Man) and his FEAR squad were 
ordered to stop the cannibal, a telepath, a bloody massacre. It 
turned out that the monster is none other than the brother of 
Operative - Vettel Paxton (Paxton Fettel), which is in full 
control of their mother, Alma Wade. This young woman has the 
paranormal abilities of unprecedented power, suffering a strong 
mental disorder, and therefore in a state of unconsciousness was 
imprisoned in the "Sarcophagus". However, despite this discovery,
the order should be operative to destroy Vettel. As a result of 
hunting brother against brother city into ruins, almost all the 
men of the detachment FEAR died. In addition, it is clear that 
Alma continues to influence what happens. But worst of all is that
she is about to give birth to something that can destroy the 
world. By some miracle, Vettel is resurrected.