Title: Department Nineteen Books 1 & 2

Author: Will Hill

Book(s): Department Nineteen, The Rising

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Fantasy, Horror, Sci-Fi, Adventure

Summary:

Jamie Carpenter's life will never be the same. His father is dead, his mother is missing, and he was just rescued by an enormous man named Frankenstein. Jamie is brought to Department 19, where he is pulled into a secret organization responsible for policing the supernatural, founded more than a century ago by Abraham Van Helsing and the other survivors of Dracula. Aided by Frankenstein's monster, a beautiful vampire girl with her own agenda, and the members of the agency, Jamie must attempt to save his mother from a terrifyingly powerful vampire.

Department 19 takes us through history, across Europe, and beyond - from the cobbled streets of Victorian London to prohibition-era New York, from the icy wastes of Arctic Russia to the treacherous mountains of Transylvania. Part modern thriller, part classic horror, it's packed with mystery, mayhem, and a level of suspense that makes a Darren Shan novel look like a romantic comedy. - Goodreads Summary of Department Nineteen (Department Nineteen #1)

Note: Mainly for a young adult audience, and takes a different approach at the idea of vampires as opposed to what a lot of other YA books tend to make it out to be. Full of action and suspense, it is a recommendable fiction book that is "guy-friendly", however girls love it as well! Give it a shot. I will reload this torrent once I acquire book 3, "Battle Lines". 
Plus torrent title is "Department Nineteen (19)..." because that way this torrent will yield more search results.

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Covers: Yes

Metadata: Yes

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!