No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.


Driver Genius Professional is a professional driver management tool features both driver management and hardware diagnostics. Driver Genius provides such practical functions as driver backup, restoration, update and removal for computer users. If you often reinstall your operating system, you may not forget such painful experiences of searching all around for all kinds of drivers. If unfortunately you have lost your driver CD, the search will be more troublesome and time-consuming.

Automatic Driver Detection
With 1000?ÇÖs of drivers in the database (for mice, keyboards, scanners, motherboards, digital cameras, printers and more) Driver Genius automatically seeks and identifies the drivers requiring updates, providing you with the most suitable drivers to enhance your system?ÇÖs performance. Receive automatic ?Ç£updated driver?Ç¥ notifications and install in just one click.

Removal of Old/Redundant Drivers 
Automatically removes out-of-date drivers from the Download Manager and hides driver notifications for devices you no longer use.

Backup and Restore Your PC?ÇÖs Drivers 
Deletes and backs up installed device drivers for your computer, ensuring you have peace of mind.

Schedule Your Updates 
Use the Driver Scan Scheduler to set a convenient time to update your PC, ensuring that your drivers are always up-to-date.

Scan Update History 
Driver Genius Professional 12 will save all the driver updates in a log file for reference. Now includes an IMPROVED ?Ç£Scan Planning?Ç¥ feature ?Çô individual planning of scans!

Diagnose Your System 
Use the ?Ç£Diagnose Your System?Ç¥ tool to identify problems, quickly detect the component which is not functioning properly and find an effective solution.

Support for Windows 8 (32bit & 64bit) and Windows Server 2012 
Driver Genius 12 now can fully support for official Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012. Driver Genius can offer the most recent version drivers for Windows 8 system. 

Improved Hardware Management 
Improved Hardware Management supports the newest Intel and AMD CPU and Graphics Processing Unit including latest nVidia Quadro, GeForce AMD FirePro drivers and many more.

It can support more hardware sensors and offer more accurate hardware temperature. Optimised hardware detection speed---increase 40%.

System health monitoring 
High PC temperature will reduce the stability and performance of hardware devices, and may even damage them. 
Driver Genius 12 can monitor the temperature of CPU, Video card, HDD etc in real time to prevent system damage from overheat in advance.

Changelog:

Improvement:
Improved compatibility for Windows 8.
Improved loading time for hardware info.
Improved hardware info. Support Intel Haswell and AMD Kabini. Support latest NVIDIA GeForce GPU and AMD Radeon GPU.

Bug Fixed:
Fixed program may crash or freeze on Windows 8 64bit and Windows Server 2012.
Minor bug fixes.

OS : Windows Xp/Vista/7/8

Language : Multilanguage [ML]

Home Page - http://www.driver-soft.com/