mp3 320

Track Listing:

1. Call It Stormy Monday (9:00)
2. Old Times (1:15)
3. Pride And Joy (5:59)
4. Ask Me No Questions (5:02)
5. Pep Talk (0:52)
6. Blues At Sunrise (15:10)
7. Turn It Over (0:51)
8. Overall Junction (8:20)
9. Match Box Blues (7:39)
10. Who Is Stevie? (0:44)
11. Don't Lie To Me (8:56)

Personnel:

Albert King - electric guitar, vocals
Stevie Ray Vaughan - electric guitar, vocals
Tony LLorens - piano, organ
Gus Thorton - bass
Michael LLorens - drums

Review from All Music Guide:
(4 1/2 STARS)

Recorded in December 1983, In Session captures an in-concert jam between Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan, the latter of whom had become the hot blues guitarist of the year thanks to his debut Texas Flood, as well as his work on David Bowie's hit Let's Dance. Vaughan may have been the new news, but King was not suffering, either. He had a world-class supporting band and was playing as well as he ever had. In other words, the stage was set for a fiery, exciting concert and that's exactly what they delivered. Vaughan was clearly influenced by King -- there are King licks all over his first two recorded efforts, and it was an influence that stayed with him to the end -- and he was unafraid to go toe-to-toe with his idol. King must have been impressed, since In Session never devolves into a mere cutting contest. Instead, each musicians spurs the other to greater heights. For aficionados of either guitarist, that means the album isn't just worth a listen -- it means that it's a record that sounds as exciting on each subsequent listen as does the first time through. ~ Stephen Thomas Erlewine, All Music Guide

Albert King with Stevie Ray Vaughan in Session is a Blues album by Albert King with Stevie Ray Vaughan recorded live for TV in 1983 at CHCH-TV studios in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, and released as an album in 1999.

This album is notable as this is the only known recording of Stevie Ray Vaughan and his idol Albert King together. It was recorded for one of a series of live television sessions recording the performances of various artists. The TV show was called In Session. Another interesting aspect of the album is that it includes short audio segments of the banter between the artists between songs (remembering that this was being broadcast as well).

Initially King wasn't going to do the show as he didn't know who Stevie Ray Vaughan was. He didn't realize that Stevie Ray Vaughan was actually 'little Stevie', the 'skinny kid' that he let sit in when King played in Texas. On one of the conversation tracks, King actually talks about this. When he realized who Stevie Ray Vaughan was, he agreed to play.

The album's material is mostly King's concert line up, with one Stevie Ray Vaughan cut, "Pride and Joy." King is 'driving' the session, but he purposefully features Vaughan on a number of the songs.