Painted Pages: Fueling Creativity with Sketchbooks and Mixed Media
by Sarah Ahearn Bellemare
Quarry Books | May 2011 | ISBN-10: 1592536867 | PDF | 128 pages | 66.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Painted-Pages-Fueling-Creativity-Sketchbooks/dp/B005SNB4B8

More inspirational guide than step-by-step workbook, Painted Pages is about helping you to find your own unique way, in the everyday, to be creative and make art. With specific how-to techniques and creative prompts on using an artist's sketchbook in a new way, these pages provide a gentle push to help you discover and integrate your creative passions through sketchbooks, workspaces, and mixed media. Through beautiful full-color imagery, youΓÇÖll learn in each chapter how your collections, scraps, ideas, and doodles can lead directly to, and fuel ideas for, creating individual works of art.
Using her own materials and methods as a source of motivation, Sarah Ahearn Bellemare provides an inside look at her personal creative processes, sharing her use of her favorite resources alongside tips and tricks for making art ΓÇô all the while encouraging you to explore, play, and make mistakes as part of the journey. At the end of each chapter, Sarah takes you to visit the studios and sketchbooks of some of her fellow artists ΓÇô including Shanna Murray, Christine Chitnis, Stephanie Levy, and others ΓÇô for behind-the-scenes glances into their creative work.

Become inspired to build upon your own artistic style and discover the beauty in everyday life with Painted Pages!

About the Author
Sarah Ahearn Bellemare is an artist from New England who first began painting as a way to illustrate poetry. Her mixed media paintings are layered with found images, fragments of text from old books, and pieces of vintage maps. These ephemera become the fabric and focus of many of her whimsical paintings.Sarah has taught art to many students in a variety of settings ranging from art camps to museums, teaching students age 3 to 63. Most recently, Sarah was invited to teach her mixed media techniques at Squam Art Workshops, and is thrilled to be returning for two more sessions in fall of 2010.Sarah and her work have been featured in Cloth Paper Scissors magazine (Nov/Dec 2008), Artful Blogging (winter 09/10), Cloth Paper Scissors: Studios (fall 2008), and Memory Makers magazine (spring 2009), as well as on a number of prominent art and design blogs. She regularly exhibits her paintings throughout Northeast in galleries and art fairs, as well as online in her Etsy shop. Sarah can be found making messes in her studio on a daily basis. See what she's up to in art and life by following her blog: