Category: Photo & Video
Updated: Jan 25, 2013
Version: 1.0.4
Size: 6.8 MB
Languages: English, Chinese, French, German, Japanese
Seller: YIN XUE
© Blux Touch

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, and iPod touch (5th generation). Requires iOS 5.0 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.

Description
“If Rick Deckard had carried an iPhone in the movie ‘Blade Runner’, and he’d used a camera app, that app would have been BLUX. Not only is it a pretty great iPhone camera replacement app, but it has all the bleeps, bloops, on-screen graphics a futuristic sci-fi replicant could ask for. [Heck], it even has a neat computer voice that offers photographic advice.” –Charlie Sorrel (Cult of Mac)

“Blux has really come up with a new app that offers just about every feature a photographer could ask for all packed into one single app. Their ability to keep a very intuitive interface while still having a million and one features really shows off the complexity of time they spent on the app.” –Marcus Nguyen (iFans)

‘Blux Camera Pro’ has PEAR Technology that can recommend the best scene mode for the lighting, subject, time of day, and weather. Now you don’t have to be a professional photographer to easily and effortlessly capture the perfect image every time!

Features:

★ PEAR Technology: An Intelligent Photographic Assistant
PEAR technology includes a photographic assistant to analyze your environment, lighting, and subject to recommend the perfect scene mode so you can quickly and easily capture gorgeous photos.

★ Customizable Photographic Tools
Sophisticated enough for a professional, yet easy enough for an amateur, Blux Camera gives you complete control to make our camera fit your style. Add or remove tools, such as histogram, level, grey scale, tilt-shift, etc. from your interface.

★ Detailed Photographic Information
Blux Camera empowers you to plan and create your perfect photo by telling you the sunrise time, sunset time, ISO, exposure, shutter speed, histogram, and the sun’s angle.

★ Imaginative UI
Super sleek 4-direction swipe interface with smooth touch controls and completely customizable user experience

★ Compose Photos in Real-Time
Adjust effects, filters, and settings in real-time on the viewfinder. Blux Camera allows you to take the perfect photo in the field, rather than trying to recover in post-editing!

★ Retina Preview
Blux Camera takes full advantage of your iPhone’s HD retina display by giving you the power to see your photos in all their brilliance as you create and alter them in real-time.

★ Custom-Designed Scene Modes
Blux Camera gives you 14 scene modes custom-designed so you get gorgeous photos, regardless of the weather, time of day, or subject. Additionally, Blux Camera includes 4 new scene modes, including: Whiteboard, High Key, Snowy, and Food.

★ Innovative Backlit Mode
Unlike other camera apps, Blux Camera’s Backlit Mode lightens dark portions while balancing the overall exposure of the photo so you get a great photo even in difficult lighting.

★ Rejuvenating Portrait Mode
By utilizing a unique algorithm and a soft focus filter, Blux Camera’s Portrait Mode smoothens skin, covers wrinkles, and hides acne, so you look younger, healthier, and more beautiful than ever.

★ Appetizing Food Mode
Steak looks redder, plates look whiter, salads look greener, and food looks more appetizing when you use this mode, specially designed to make your food look vibrant and appealing.

★ Convenient Whiteboard Mode
Blux Camera allows you to take clear pictures of the whiteboard so you can clearly and conveniently store your notes for later reference.

★ Stylish HighKey Mode
High Key, once an effect limited to professional photographers with expensive lights and equipment, is now available on Blux Camera! Compose stylish photos of babies, interiors, merchandise, and many other things with this groundbreaking scene mode!

★ Blux Mode
Randomly combines filters and modes for some really unique effects. Easiest way to capture visually stunning photographs. Just tap your way to amazing.


What's New in Version 1.0.4

·View up to 24 photos per page in the in-app Photo Album
The Photo Album now allows you to delete selected, export selected, delete all, and export all.
If your device crashes or your battery runs out of energy while exporting, you will automatically be asked whether or not you would like to continue exporting your photos.

·Streamlines and redesigns the interface for more comfortable use.

·Share photos directly to Instagram.

·Optimizes Blux Camera’s overall performance.

·Fixes bugs.
