No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
These are a few things that makes a '1-click run' version a, better version.

VueScan, the world's most popular scanner software, is used extensively by photographers, home users, scanning services and corporations. VueScan is a scanning program that works with most high-quality flatbed and film scanners to produce scans that have excellent color fidelity and color balance. It is very easy to use, and also has advanced features for restoring faded colors, batch scanning and other features used by professional photographers. VueScan changes nothing on your system, installs nothing in your operating system and all other scanner software will continue to function. VueScan increases your productivity and saves you money. VueScan has advanced scanning options, powerful features, and greatly improves your scans with superior color accuracy and better color balance. VueScan supports more than 700 scanners and 209 digital camera raw files and takes about 5 minutes to download and install.

Features:

- Works with 1200 flatbed and film scanners 
- Runs on Mac OS X, Windows and Linux 
- Improves your productivity and quality of scans 
- Has been downloaded more than 5 million times 
- Create raw scan files
- ICC profiles and color spaces
- IT8 color calibration

What's new in version 9.2.11

Added native support for 74 Samsung printer/scanner/copiers
Of these, 53 Samsung scanners are network capable
These network capable scanners will also work with VueScan Mobile
No longer needs WIA driver on Windows or ICA driver on Mac OS X
No Samsung drivers needed on Mac OS X and Linux

Supported OS:

Windows 8, 7, Vista, XP, 2000

Homepage: http://www.hamrick.com/