Jim Starlin is one of those artist writers that has enchanted me since my childhood.  He has been one of the quintessential teller of Cosmic Tales in the Marvel Universe, and his character Thanos is one of the ultimate villains (and it looks like we will be seeing him soon on the big screen when the Guardians of the Galaxy movie comes out).  Starting with his run on Captain Marvel in 1972 he got into the DNA of Cosmic Marvel.  He took the Warlock character and made it his own, and made the infinity stones and the infinity gauntlet the bane of Earths heroes.  He also put his mark on some of the DC titles, and was writing Batman when Jason Todd was killed in ΓÇ£Death In The FamilyΓÇ¥.   He also was at the helm for the death of the New Gods.  And most recently conducted the Rann-Thanagar Holy War and other Cosmic DC tales.  His work outside of these universes is perhaps even better.  When Jim Starlin does the full art production, like in Metamorphosis Odyssey he is hard to beat.  That and his Dreadstar series are still my favorite, although Warlock is a tough contender.  

My main focus for this collection was to be Jim StarlinΓÇÖs distinctive artistic abilities, however I have tried to include most of his work where he was just the author as well.  I only included a few issues where Jim was neither the author nor artist just to make a storyline possible in the Blood and Thunder, and The Infinity Crusade (I suspect he had a great deal of editorial control on those storylines).  You will find a few issues where Jim is not credited as artist until the end of the story.

This is a chronological collection by the month of publication.  Runs of issues will start on a certain date and go from there.  So for instance, the Dreadstar series stared on 11.1982 and ran for 33 issues, and they are all in that one folder.  I did not separate from DC to Marvel to Independent, I just ran them as they were published.

What is next from Jim Starlin??  I was a little concerned when I saw the last issues from him were on Breed III in 2011, but good news comes.  Apparently Jim is taking over the writing chores for the DC 52 title Stormwatch starting with issue #19, and of course he will be tearing the whole thing apart and putting back together with his amazing cosmic ways.

These are not my scans.  I have been in awe of the folks that turn out such amazing scans and you will find most scans are tagged by their makers.   Let us hope that the sharing continues.

This collection has issues from 1972-2011.

Publishers Include Marvel, DC, Curtis, Epic Illustrated, First, Warren, Heavy Metal, SLG, DDP, Dynamite, and Image.

Some notable artists other than Jim Starlin include: Al Milgrom, Ron Lim, Berni Wrightson, Jeff Moore, Shane Davis Manual Garcia, and Angel Medina.
The format of all the files is either .cbr or .cbz and the language is ENGLISH

Enjoy the heck out of this, and seed!