
  Albums:
 
  1997 The Day the Sun Went Out 
  1998 In Chrysalis (EP)
  1999 Snapcase vs. Boysetsfire Split
  2000 This Crying, This Screaming, My Voice is Being Born (EP)
  2000 Training EP
  2000 Boysetsfire Coalesce Split
  2000 After the Eulogy 
  2001 After the Eulogy (Reissue)
  2002 Live for Today (EP)
  2003 Tomorrow Come Today
  2005 The Misery Index - Notes from the Plague
  2005 The Misery Index - Notes from the Plague (Japan)

  
  Formed in Newark, Delaware, in 1994, this US post-hardcore band originally comprised Nathan Gray (vocals/keyboards), Josh Latshaw (vocals/guitar), Chad Istvan (guitar/vocals), Darrell Hyde (bass), and Matt Krupanski (drums). They released the 7-inch single ‘Consider’ on their own label before establishing the band with a series of EPs and compilation appearances, and building up a strong reputation with their passionate live shows. The 1997 album The Day The Sun Went Out, was a rough-edged but thrilling listen, mixing aggressive hardcore riffs with politically charged lyrics. The well-received In Chrysalis EP followed in 1998, after which the band switched to the established independent Victory Records and parted company with Hyde. His replacement Rob Avery was present on 2000’s After The Eulogy, the album that helped propel Boysetsfire into the national consciousness. 

  The Sony BMG distributed independent Wind-up Records quickly snapped the band up, with After The Eulogy gaining a quick re-release (featuring one new track, ‘Timothy’). 2002’s Live For Today EP featured three new studio recordings alongside three live tracks, and was followed by a new studio album, Tomorrow Come Today. Unfortunately, the band’s trademark political rhetoric was swamped by a slick production job.

  Further personnel change ensued when Robert Ehrenbrand replaced Avery. The band returned to their hardcore roots with a series of split EP releases and new contracts with the small independent labels Burning Heart Records and Equal Vision Records. The Misery Index: Notes From The Plague Years, released in 2006, was a brave attempt at widening the scope of the band’s sound, but years of frustration finally took their toll when, shortly afterwards, the band announced they were splitting up. Gray and Latshaw teamed up in a new band, the Casting Out.