English | CBZ | 227 Pages

The Legion of Super-Heroes Archives Volume 2
Publisher:  DC Comics
Publication Date:  1992

Cover Illustration:  Curt Swan and Karl Kesel
Cover Color:  Rick Taylor

The Legion of Super-Heroes Archives Volume 2 reprints classic tales of the mightiest teenaged heroes in the galaxy as they defend the universe from cataclysmic threats in the 30th century. Led by the charismatic Saturn Girl, the Legion inducts Element Lad, Lightning Lass, Dream Girl, and Jimmy Olsen into the group as they defend themselves against attacks from Jungle King, Satan Girl, and the Mask Man. Also featuring appearances by Supergirl and Brainiac 5, this beautiful edition includes the formation of the Legion of Substitute Heroes.

Even by comic book standards of the late 1950s, there was nothing especially unusual about super-hero teams.  With precedents dating back to the dawn of the Golden Age of Comics, popular heroes had been gathering together in umbrella fights to fight crime, injustice, and threats to humanity.

But the Legion of Super-Heroes was different.  They were created for an appearance in a Superboy story in Adventures Comics as a team.  What was slated to be a one-time appearance in the first of two stories in that issue exploded into comics history, with reader response so overwhelming favorable that the teenaged super-team was brought back for repeated appearances in Adventure, Action Comics, Superman, and Superboy until, little more than four years following their debut, the young heroes of the 30th Century received their own continuing series.

Now, almost 35 years after their creation, the Legion of Super-Heroes is more popular than ever, with its own series spinning off into a variety of companion titles.

This second volume of The Legion of Super-Heroes Archives reprints a baker's dozen of the group's adventures, thirteen tales which introduce several long-lasting characters and elements to the Legion mythos, including the members of the Legion of Substitute Heroes and the resurrection of Lightning Lad.

Along with The Superman Archives, The Batman and Dark Knight Archives, The All Star Archives, The Justice League Archives, and The Shazam! Archives, The Legion of Super-Heroes Archives provides the definitive collection of some of the most important ongoing series in comic book history.

Contains the following issues originally published in single magazine form as Adventure Comics #306-317, Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen #72, and Superman Annual #4.

Thanks goes to DobisP.R. for this release.