- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

          Richard.III.The.King.in.the.Car.Park.720p.HDTV.x264-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
   Release Date    2013.02.05                                           
   Air Date        2013.02.04                                           
   Genre           Documentary                                          
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  When a skeleton was reported found under a Leicester council car      
  park in September 2012, the news broke around the world. Could it be  
  the remains, lost for 500 years, of England's most infamous king?     
  The tests to prove this theory have been carried out in secrecy but,  
  in this programme, a team allowed to follow the scientists tells the  
  story of the hunt for Richard III, unveils a new facial               
  reconstruction made from the skull and reveals the results of the     
  final tests that should establish the body's true identity.           
                                                                        
  Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                        
 

  W4F GROUP NEWS 
                                                      
                                                                        
  W4F is one of the oldest TV Scene groups and releases a diverse mix   
  of quality TV programming including sports, documentaries, scripted,  
  reality, talk shows and other quality content that may be overlooked  
  by other groups. We release purely for fun and to share programming   
  we like with the world.                                               
                                                                        
  W4F is a global group interested in spreading quality programming     
  from around the world to the internet. If you are passionate about    
  your country's TV content, feel it is unrepresented and want to share 
  it with the world please feel free to contact us. We are interested   
  in all television markets with a focus on English content from the    
  USA, Canada, Australia and Europe. Potential recruits will preferably 
  have the ability to receive digital TV broadcasts and some knowledge  
  of digital capturing.                                                 
                                                                        
  From time to time we are also interested in hearing from site         
  owners who are interested in affiliating W4F. We are looking for      
  private links with archives.                                          
                                                                        
  W4F has nothing to do with torrents/p2p so don't ask about that!      
                                                                        
                     Email: w4fcrew@gmail.com                           
                                                                        
    Greets to all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)