Total Audio Converter is a software that can encode media files of several extensions, including MP3, WAV, MIDI, RMVB, FLAC, AMR and M4A. The interface of the program is user-friendly. You can use the treeview to browse for files (batch conversion is supported). In the toolbar you can select your preferred output format, configure options and initiate the conversion process.

So, you can set the output destination, optionally add the output file to the iTunes library or delete originals, cut it by setting the start and end position (and preview the result).

But you can also select the sample frequency rate, channels and bitrate, as well as combine an entire album into one file and set the sound font.

In addition, you can rip an audio CD, download clips from YouTube and convert them to a preferred format, create a favorites list, preview songs, save a log file and change the interface language.

The program uses a moderate amount of system resources, includes a well-drawn help file and quickly finishes a task (except when it's downloading from YouTube; it can take a very long time), while delivering a good sound quality.

However, it failed to encode an RM file (although it should recognize it). The program crashed and we had to restart it. Then it suddenly froze and we had to initialize it once more. Also, the demo version has some harsh limitations.

All in all, Total Audio Converter is a very good program for encoding audio files of various formats. However, it needs to fix its bugs and improve its stability. Otherwise, we definitely recommend it to all users.


Supported OS:

Windows : 8/7/vista/xp

Language : Multilingual

Homepage: http://www.coolutils.com/TotalAudioConverter


What's new in version 5.2.73..??

- Added the direct conversion of YouTube files saved on the user's desktop. Now you can   just drag and drop the file to TAC to convert it to other audio format.

- Improved the conversion of APE files.

- Improved Find track names option when ripping CDs. Correct work with FreeDB.



Installation Instruction

1.Run the setup
2.Install the app
3.Copy and paste the serial and register the app
4.Please Seed the torrent!!

Proof: http://bayimg.com/dAmnDAaEo 

Regards 

Cyclonoid :)