Down.To.Fuck.3.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON


Cover
 
http://www.picrak.com/viewer.php?file=23782431514842520690.jpg


Screens

 
http://www.picrak.com/viewer.php?file=50100408792598696528.jpg


AJ Applegate, Christy Mack, Laurie Vargas, Melody Jordan, Gia Jakarta

Red headed, Big Natural Breasted and Self Proclaimed Anal Whore Melody Jordan Spreads Her Ass for Eric John and stuffs it with his cock. Eric puts Melody in several Butt Hole Spreading Positions in between gagging her with his Rod. The 21-year-old West Virginia Native really does love getting ass fucked.

"I get a call from a local agent telling me he has a Brand Newbie who just started her porn career a few days earlier who is looking to fuck and suck with hopes of being the next big porn star! 21-year-old Indonesian newcomer Gia Jakarta shows up at my door wearing tight jeans a small top displaying Tattoo's, and wow what a smile! Gia is cute and sexy and I could tell by her smile she was Down To Fuck! After some foreplay Gia takes my cock and starts licking and sucking it like a popsicle before climbing on it for a slow deep vaginal penetration. After fingering her Butt Hole while fucking her pussy I decide to put my cock in her Ass and Gia responds nicely getting Ass fucked for the 1st Time.

"Mack Booty Sensation Christy Mack Has made quite the splash in the porn biz. Christy's insanely Round Booty, big Boobs and Tattoo's give her one of the most unique looks in porn today. After seeing a video clip of Christy I knew I had to film her myself. I book Christy for a scene and I also Book porn stud Alex Gonz for the banging Honors. When interviewing Christy I then realize the 2 have not fucked yet. Alex approaches Christy like a true pervert and starts stroking his cock while eating her ass and pussy before penetrating the Indiana Native. Christy is on Fire with Alex Gonz as they fuck for the 1st time.

"The dirtiest Girl in porn is at it again, Hispanic Porn Whore Laurie Vargas decides to make a porno with a few friends and a pink dildo. Laurie gets Double Penetrated by Brett Rockman and Eric John in the process while gagging herself with a huge pink dildo. Laurie slobbers over both cocks like she was cock deprived for several weeks. Both porn studs penetrate Laurie's anal cavity several times in between Double Penetrating her and face fucking her before blowing their loads that Laurie happily licks up off the floor.

"Ho Ho Ho is what Santa Cock aka (Erik Everhard) Has to say as he wakes Big Booty Blond AJ Applegate with a slap on the Ass. AJ awakes with a big smile and says Santa Cock is that you? Ho Ho Ho why yes it is, Have you been Naughty or Nice? Because Santa Cock is not giving out presents for Nice girls this year, only the naughtiest of girls will get presents from Santa Cock because me and the Elves took a vote and we decided we Prefer Blow jobs over wooden Toys! AJ replies well then Santa Cock I have been very Naughty let me show you just how naughty, Ho Ho and away we go by putting his cock in her mouth before bending her over in front of the Xmas Tree and ass fucking the Blue eyed Blond and giving her several ATM's before blowing his milk all over her pretty face.