Dire Straits & Mark Knopfler - Private Investigations: The Best Of [Special Edition][2 CD's][2005]




Disc One


01 Telegraph Road
02 Sultans Of Swing
03 Love Over Gold
04 Romeo & Juliet
05 Tunnel Of Love
06 Private Investigations
07 So Far Away
08 Money For Nothing
09 Brothers In Arms
10 Walk Of Life
11 Your Latest Trick




Disc Two


01 Calling Elvis
02 On Every Street
03 Going Home (Theme From The Local Hero)
04 Darling Pretty
05 The Long Road (Theme From Cal)
06 Why Aye Man
07 Sailing To Philadelphia
08 What It Is
09 The Trawlerman's Song
10 Boom, Like That
11 All The Roadrunning (Duet With Emmylou Harris)





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Dire Straits were a British rock band, formed in 1977 by Mark Knopfler (lead vocals and lead guitar), his younger brother David Knopfler (rhythm guitar and backing vocals), John Illsley (bass guitar and backing vocals), and Pick Withers (drums and percussion).

Dire Straits' sound drew from a variety of musical influences, including jazz, folk, blues, and came closest to beat music within the context of rock and roll. Despite the prominence of punk rock during the band's early years, the band's stripped-down sound contrasted with punk, demonstrating a more "rootsy" influence that emerged out of pub rock. Many of Dire Straits' compositions were melancholic.

Dire Straits' biggest selling album, Brothers in Arms, has sold over 30 million copies. They also became one of the world's most commercially successful bands, with worldwide album sales of over 120 million. Dire Straits won numerous music awards during their career, including four Grammy Awards, three Brit Awards—winning Best British Group twice, and two MTV Video Music Awards. The band's most popular songs include "Sultans of Swing", "Lady Writer", "Romeo and Juliet", "Tunnel of Love", "Private Investigations", "Money for Nothing", "Walk of Life", "So Far Away", "Your Latest Trick" and "Brothers in Arms".

Dire Straits' career spanned a combined total of 15 years. The band originally split up in 1988, but reformed in 1991. Dire Straits disbanded for good in 1995 when Mark Knopfler launched his career full time as a solo artist. There were several changes in personnel over both periods, leaving Mark Knopfler and John Illsley as the only two original bandmates who had remained throughout the band's career.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Private Investigations: The Best of Dire Straits & Mark Knopfler is a compilation album by Dire Straits and British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released in 2005 by Mercury and Vertigo internationally, and Warner Bros. in the United States. Named after their 1982 hit single, the album consists of material by Dire Straits, with songs selected from the group's six studio albums (excluding the 1979 album Communiqué) from 1978 up through the group's dissolution in 1995. It also features work from the solo career of the group's singer, songwriter, and guitarist Mark Knopfler, including some of his soundtrack material.

The only previously unreleased track on the album is "All the Roadrunning", a duet with country music singer Emmylou Harris. The United States version omits "Darling Pretty", but adds "Skateaway".

