This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Tommy Roe - Greatest Hits [MCA] (1993)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/5134KvqNNyL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Bill Dahl):

Widely perceived as one of the archetypal bubblegum artists of the late '60s, Tommy Roe cut some pretty decent rockers along the way, especially early in his career -- many displaying some pretty prominent Buddy Holly roots. In fact, Roe's initial pop smash, 1962's chart-topping "Sheila," was quite reminiscent of Holly's "Peggy Sue," utilizing a very similar throbbing drumbeat and Roe's hiccuping vocal. The singer had previously cut the song for the smaller Judd label before remaking it in superior form for ABC-Paramount. The infectious "Everybody" -- another hot item the next year -- was waxed in Muscle Shoals at Rick Hall's Fame studios, normally an R&B-oriented facility (it's not widely known that Roe wrote songs for the Tams, a raw-edged soul group from his Atlanta hometown). Once Roe veered off on his squeaky-clean bubblegum tangent, he stuck with it for the rest of the decade. His lighthearted "Sweet Pea" and "Hooray for Hazel" burned up the charts in 1966, and he was still at it three years later when he waxed his biggest hit, "Dizzy," and "Jam Up Jelly Tight."

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/tommy-roe-p5296/biography

All Music Album Review (by Tim Sendra):

Tommy Roe's Greatest Hits on MCA is a fine 18-track collection that serves up the bubblegum icon's best songs and very little filler. Unlike a large number of Roe collections, this disc contains all original recordings made during his prime. And what a prime it was! Between 1962 and 1969, Roe was responsible for some of the brightest, snappiest bubblegum on the planet. From the funky breakbeats of "Dizzy" to the hushed romanticism of "It's Now Winter's Day" to the swampy groove of "Jam Up and Jelly Tight," there are enough hits here to make you think twice about calling Roe anything less than Hall of Fame material. This collection does a fairly good job of rounding up the hits and great songs, though there are a few omissions that knock it down a notch ("Cinnamon," "Money Is My Pay") as does the inclusion of a mediocre take on "Stagger Lee" from the early '70s. A couple of collections have come along since the release of this to challenge it's worth, but they are each flawed in their own way too. Until the perfect Roe collection comes along, this is a fine purchase. And if you are a fan of bubblegum, pop, or good old rock & roll, you need some Tommy Roe in your collection.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/greatest-hits-mca-r229652

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000002OPG

Track List:

01. Sheila
02. The Folk Singer
03. Everybody
04. Come On
05. Party Girl
06. Everytime A Bluebird Cries
07. Sweet Pea
08. Hooray For Hazel
09. It's Now Winter's Day
10. Dottie I Like It
11. Dizzy
12. Heather Honey
13. Jack And Jill
14. Jam Up And Jelly Tight
15. Stir It Up And Serve It
16. Pearl
17. We Can Make Music
18. Stagger Lee
