Title: H.I.V.E. Series

Author: Mark Walden

Book(s): 7

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Sci-Fi, Action, Adventure, Thriller

Summary:

HIGHER INSTITUTE OF VILLAINOUS EDUCATION

Otto Malpense may only be thirteen years old, but so far he has managed to run the orphanage where he lives, and he has come up with a plan clever enough to trick the most powerful man in the country. He is the perfect candidate to become the world's next supervillain.

That is why he ends up at H.I.V.E., handpicked to become a member of the incoming class. The students have been kidnapped and brought to a secluded island inside a seemingly active volcano, where the school has resided for decades. All the kids are elite; they are the most athletic, the most technically advanced, and the smartest in the country. Inside the cavernous marble rooms, floodlit hangars, and steel doors, the students are enrolled in Villainy Studies and Stealth and Evasion 101. But what Otto soon comes to realize is that this is a six-year program, and leaving is not an option.

With the help of his new friends: an athletic martial-arts expert; a world-famous, beautiful diamond thief; and a spunky computer genius -- the only other people who seem to want to leave -- can Otto achieve what has never been done before and break out of H.I.V.E.? - Goodreads Summary of H.I.V.E.: The Higher Institute of Villainous Education (H.I.V.E. #1)

Note: Mainly for teens, but is recommendable for everyone. Plus, this series was my first ever ebook upload! And the title says H.I.V.E. and then (hive) because most searches with "HIVE" would not have yielded this torrent, had it been titled "H.I.V.E.". Thanks for understanding

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Metadata: Yes

Covers: Yes

RELOADED: This torrent is a reload of the original for the purpose that the original, being my first, didn't have the newest and greatest covers, and the metadata was inaccurate. Plus, it was sloppily put together, and therefore needed a rescrubbing.

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!