Camera 2 is the ultimate real-time effects app.
Take better pictures, amazing videos and have fun creating them.
Featuring many unique high quality effects, grouped into families sharing a common theme:
● Old Time: make your camera look like something from the 20's, 40's, 50's, 60's, 70's or 80's
● Lomos and Retro: everyone's favourite, from normal to sublime.
● Comic: to express yourself, half tone, B&W, printed comics, new style, mix and match
● Art: sometimes you just want to create a piece of art with a tap
● Sci-Fi: see it to believe it
● Computer: and finally, for every geek or nerd out there, this is unmissable. Old computer monitors
Many of the effects can be boosted by applying a superb "out of focus"/"depth of field" filter, and, as usual, it's all real time.
Main features:
● Capture high resolution photos with effects
● Capture video with effects (*)
● Apply the effects to your existing photos too
● Share your creations straight from the app
● More than 25 high quality effects
● Tweak each effect to achieve your own unique look
● Animated effects
(*) Video recording requires that your device supports NEON instructions, most modern devices do.

CUSTOM ROMS
● Camera 2 doesn't officially support custom ROMs. The app might work, but there are know issues especially with CyanogenMod. Please update to an official ROM or ask us for a refund if you purchased the app.

FAQ
● Why does the video recorder launch the default camera recording app?
- This happens only when taking unfiltered videos because it is faster, for videos with effects the camera 2 recorder is used.
● Can I save pictures/videos in my external storage?
- Not at the moment, but we plan to do this in the future.
● How can I see the pictures I've taken with Camera 2?
- For now you can only see the last picture/video you've created within the app, we plan to add a fully featured gallery but for the time being you will have to use the standard gallery app to see all pictures.

POLICIES
If you are unhappy with the app please contact us we'll try to either fix the problem or give you a full refund.
Email: camera2-android@jfdplabs.com
Feel free to contact us if you want to share your feedback or experience.
Finally, Camera 2 does not store/collect/send/manage any personal data, all photos and videos taken with Camera 2 are solely yours and yours only.

PERMISSIONS
Internet: only required to share your pictures. If you don't share, internet won't be used.
Microphone: only to record audio with your videos, no other use.
Location: only used to store location to your photos, it's disabled by default and it's optional.
