My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 15

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Gatecrashers - Food nerds

Swan Valley, WA mates Nastassia and Kieran lead double lives.

By day, Nastassia , 29, is a super-organised property manager, overseeing a department of six at a real estate agency.

By night, she’s unleashing her nerdy obsession: her addiction to 1980s cartoons.

To the outside world Kieran, 31, in sales at JB Hifi, is metal guy: the long haired aficionado of all things Metallica and heavy metal music.
But in his other life he’s passionately committed to table top gaming – Kieran has been playing War Hammer since he was 12.

“Yes, I’m a nerd,” says Kieran, who plays with Nastassia’s husband.

Kieran’s best friend is Aaron, Nastassia’s husband of two years and partner of 11. And now Kieran and Nastassia cook together every other Sunday.

Nastassia only learned to cook when she and Aaron moved in together.

“Cooking was forced on me because my husband couldn’t fend for himself,” she says. “When I first moved out I was quite happy to live on Vegemite sandwiches. Then he moved in with me and I suddenly had to feed him. I admit I was really bad at cooking at first. I was 19. I just got better and started to buy more cookbooks and enjoy it. I started doing my mum’s recipes and got excited about it.”

Kieran’s cooking also came out of necessity.

“I was really fussy as a kid – a terrible eater,” he says. “Mum forced it on me she said, ‘I’m not cooking for you. I’m sick of cooking different meals for everyone.’ I cooked steak and mushrooms for myself when I was seven. But it took me a while to get into it. I hated the smell of garlic and got to 19 and the switch went on. I’d help Mum and it went from there.”

As hard working as Nastassia is, she says her mum passing away last year from diabetes-related heart disease caused her to reassess.

“When I lost Mum I realised I needed to change my world. I was working 14-hour days. My husband would ring  and say ‘Where are you?’ I’ve just recently changed  my outlook on things, have become more mellow and not as rigid.”
“She’s changed – a bit,” smiles Kieran. “But she’s still bossy.”

