Smart Remote for Galaxy S4 1.2.3 (Android) 

With Smart Remote for your Samsung Galaxy S4, you can add, create and customize any 

number of remotes, combining controls from any of your existing remotes. Imagine a 

single remote on which the CHANNEL UP button controls your Set Top Box from your TV 

provider, the VOLUME keys control your home theater system and the arrow keys control 

your TV's menu. 

Minimum Requirements: Android OS 4.1 and up 

Release Note: Might not compatible with some device, login at google play using your 

device to check 


You can now use your phone as an Infrared Remote (IR Remote) 

Why should you need to use more than one remote for all the devices you own ? 

On top of all that, since you're holding a phone, why not use some of it's unique 

features? 

AIR GESTURES - exclusive to your phone! 

Simply leave the app open, and wave your hand above your phone to change channels 

(left to right) or volume (up and down) 

AUTOMATIC MUTE WHEN YOU GET CALLED 

Don't you hate it when you receive a call but can't hear the other person because 

the TV is too loud? Now, Smart Remote can automatically mute your current device 

when someone calls you. 

DYNAMIC VOLUME - BETA 

Smart Remote will automatically turn down your volume when there are sudden high-

volume sounds (think movie explosions), or it will turn up your volume when the 

sounds are too low to hear (think actors' voices not being loud enough) 

With infrared - IR Blaster - already included in your phone, why shouldn't you make 

the most of it? Smart Remote can control your TV, Set Top Box, Lights, Projectors, 

etc.. Virtually anything that has an Infrared Receiver can be controlled by Smart 

Remote with the correct remote codes. And we're working 24/7 on adding more! 

Actually, we're working on adding DSLR camera support right now! 

# Please note that due to Galaxy S4 hardware limitation, automatic learning isn't 

possible 

What's New in this version: 

- Added Resizable widgets! *only guaranteed to work with the default launcher 

- Added short tutorial which shows on first run to present the most important 

features 

- Added XBox 360 support, improved remote setup process, navigation between many 

remotes (try pressing the remote name), other minor improvements and bugfixes 
