1.Intro
2.Anyone Can Tell
3.Copper & Gold
4.Into The Earth
5.Pale Rider
6.Thirty Year Night
7.Cold Winter Skies
8.Hell Awaits
9.Heavy Heart Of Mine
10.Mexican Valley
11.In Darkness He Came

I really wish I would have heard this album last year, as it absolutely would have appeared on my year end lists. That said, the title is pretty much a black and white declaration of what this album is about. People, lovers and wives all find their final breaths at some point in the 11 tracks that make up Murder Ballads & Other Love Songs, and it’s all done to a high-lonesome guitar & mandolin soundtrack.

The album was recorded and mixed in Toronto by Laurence Currie (Amelia Curran/Wintersleep/The Once), and features Canadian talents including Andrew Collins (Creaking Tree String Quartet, The Foggy Hogtown Boys), Max Heineman (The Foggy Hogtown Boys), Christine Bougie (The Good Lovelies, Amy Millan), and Brad Kilpatrick (Hawksley Workman), among others.Steeped in tradition, and raised on a healthy diet of “the old country”, The Heavy Horses are naturally drawn to writing in the same style of music, and make no excuses for it. Although they have never raised a pistol to a man, fled to Mexico, murdered out of love, anger, or murdered “just to watch him die” as Johnny Cash once put it, these themes are abundant in the writing.

Trust me on this. Stop reading, start listening and know that The Heavy Horses will never slip below my radar again.

-------------------------
The Heavy Horses plays guitar, drinks tea & writes songs about outlaws, angels & murder. If you like these things, we'll get along just fine - so tell your friends & have a listen.

Nominated for Country Recording of the Year at the 2013 East Coast Music Awards - Murder Ballads & Other Love Songs is the debut album by The Heavy Horses, the pseudonym under which Canadian musician Justin Mahoney writes and records songs about outlaws, angels, and murder.

The album was recorded and mixed in Toronto by Laurence Currie (Amelia Curran/Wintersleep/The Once), and features Canadian talents including Andrew Collins (Creaking Tree String Quartet, The Foggy Hogtown Boys), Max Heineman (The Foggy Hogtown Boys), Christine Bougie (The Good Lovelies, Amy Millan), and Brad Kilpatrick (Hawksley Workman), among others.

Steeped in tradition, and raised on a healthy diet of "the old country", The Heavy Horses are naturally drawn to writing in the same style of music, and make no excuses for it. Although they have never raised a pistol to a man, fled to Mexico, murdered out of love, anger, or murdered "just to watch him die" as Johnny Cash once put it, these themes are abundant in the writing.