This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - Missing Links (1988)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41KB4MCGCML._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

All Music Album Review (by Joseph McCombs):

The Missing Links series of unreleased Monkees tracks was a great idea that became unnecessary and redundant when Rhino began peppering its reissues of the band's original discs with these very same cuts as "bonus selections." But if you didn't buy the expanded reissues, yet you're a big enough Monkees fan to even know these tracks exist, this album is a moderately worthwhile investment both for the sake of completeness and for the genuine quality of the songs. Standouts include the group effort "All of Your Toys" and a slew of Michael Nesmith tracks ("Of You," "Carlisle Wheeling," "Nine Times Blue") that presage his country music pursuits in the years to come. The collection is hindered, however, by the inclusion of some annoyingly childlike songs ("Apples, Peaches, Bananas and Pears," "Teeny Tiny Gnome") and by the relative lack of material showcasing Peter Tork's erratic yet considerable talents. While in some cases the songs on Missing Links were not initially released for very good reasons, there are some true gems here, and as a whole it's a winner for Monkee curators. (Note that the cassette version of this release has only 12 tracks to the CD's 16.)

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/missing-links-r13327

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000032BG

Track List:

01. Apples, Peaches, Bananas And Pears
02. If You Have The Time
03. I Don't Think You Know Me
04. Party
05. Carlisle Wheeling
06. Storybook Of You
07. Rosemarie
08. My Share Of The Sidewalk
09. All Of Your Toys
10. Nine Times Blue
11. So Goes Love
12. Teeny Tiny Gnome
13. Of You
14. War Games
15. Lady's Baby
16. Time And Time Again
