Defiance S01E02 XviD [JKS]
.
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 720x404
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 29.97 fps
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034303/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defiance_(TV_series) 
Official Site: http://www.defiance.com/en/
.
Defiance is an American science fiction television series developed for television by Rockne S. O'Bannon, Kevin Murphy, and Michael Taylor. The series is produced by Universal Cable Productions, in transmedia collaboration with Trion Worlds, who are producing an MMORPG video game of the same name which will be tied into the series. Defiance stars Grant Bowler as Joshua Nolan, the local lawman in a border town known as Defiance, as well as Julie Benz, who plays the newly appointed mayor of Defiance, Amanda Rosewater. Also starring are Stephanie Leonidas, Jaime Murray, Tony Curran, and Graham Greene.
---
Defiance Season 01 Episode 02
Title: Down In the Ground Where the Dead Men Go  Directed by: Michael Nankin  Written by: Kevin Murphy & Anupam Nigam  Original air date: April 22, 2013
...
Birch and Nicky do not give up on Ben after his previous failure at helping them wipe Defiance off the map. They pay him a visit once more, and shock him into doing some more work for them, and this time they don't expect him to screw it up. Soon, Amanda, Nolan, and Rafe hear of an explosion down at McCawley Mines, and discover Ben must've headed down there on an agenda. Rafe, unwillingly at first, takes Nolan along, and tells him that through a series of caverns known as the Rat's Nest lies old St. Louis. Unlike many cities, it was covered by terraformed earth and sealed into caverns, instead of being destroyed by the Arkfall. As the pair reminisce over what life used to be like, with Rafe's talk of his father and his son, they discover Ben in the old nuclear plant, with a bomb ready to detonate beside him. Ben is cornered and the bomb is deactivated. On orders of Amanda, Nolan has been ordered to keep Rafe from shooting Ben. However, Rafe ends up pulling the trigger when Ben pounces on him. The two men and their team return to Defiance with this news, and walk in on Datak and Amanda who are in a confrontation over the ritual conducted under Datak's religion earlier in the day on a coward. Datak walks away from the scene without his coward, who he previously failed to cleanse following Irisa's cutting him down. Amanda appears to be struggling, after learning of Ben's death, but, nonetheless, pulls through for her town by conducting the funerals of the forty-one who lost their lives in the Volge attacks. With the services over, Rafe tries to mourn, but he is struggling to comprehend Ben's words that Luke wanted to pull away from him and leave Defiance. Datak, meanwhile, appears to be behind the death of the coward, who turns up dead outside the Lawkeeper's residence. Rafe searches his son's room, discovering maps, a pile of scrip and a strange object.
