Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson. After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic records, Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records, a label that gave him total creative control over his works. The concept for the album was inspired by the Tale of the Red Headed Stranger, a song that Nelson used to play as a disk jockey on his program in Fort Worth, Texas. After signing with Columbia he decided to record the song, and arranged the details during his return to Austin, Texas, from a trip to Colorado. It was recorded at low cost in a studio in Garland, Texas. The songs featured sparse arrangements, largely limited to Nelson's guitar, piano and drums. Nelson presented the finished material to Columbia executives, who were dubious about releasing an album that they at first thought was a demo. However, Nelson had creative control, so no further production was added.

A concept album, Red Headed Stranger is about a fugitive on the run from the law after killing his wife and her lover. The content consists of songs with brief poetic lyrics and arrangements of older material. Despite Columbia's doubts and the limited instrumentation, Red Headed Stranger was a blockbuster among country music and mainstream audiences. It was certified multi-platinum, and made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music. (wikipedia)

- - -

Willie Nelson - Red Headed Stranger 1975
(Sony Music 2011)


 1. Time of the Preacher  
 2. I Couldn't Believe it Was True  
 3. Time of the Preacher Theme 
 4. Medley: Blue Rock Montana/Red Headed Stranger 
 5. Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain 
 6. Red Headed Stranger 
 7. Time of the Preacher Theme  
 8. Just As I Am  
 9. Denver   
10. O'er the Waves  
11. Down Yonder   
12. Can I Sleep in Your Arms   
13. Remember Me  
14. Hands on the Wheel  
15. Bandera  
16. Bach Minuet in G 
17. Can't Help It (If I'm Still in Love With You)   
18. A Maiden's Prayer  
19. Bonaparte's Retreat  
