Hi Resident Evil games fans ...

Play the new Resident evil game ...

FILE INFO : RIP with Repack with all the gameplay intact with portability and have English audio and 8 languages for subtitles


Plot

The game is set between Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5.[6] It depicts the events shortly after the establishment of the Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance (BSAA), a counter-terrorism group introduced in Resident Evil 5.[2] The story revolves around BSAA co-founders Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield, the protagonists of the first Resident Evil.[6][12] During the game's events, Jill and Parker Luciani are sent to search for Chris Redfield and Jessica Sherawat on the SS Queen Zenobia, that serves as the game's setting. The game's story includes a flashback, which revolves around the "floating city" of Terragrigia (Italian for "Grey Earth") one year prior to the game's events, when the Federal Bioterrorism Commission (FBC) sent agents – including Parker and Jessica – to keep the situation under control after the bioterrorist organization "Il Veltro" launched an attack on the city using bio-organic weapons (BOW) in opposition to Terragrigia's solar energy development.

In 2005, BSAA head Clive R. O'Brian sends out Jill Valentine and her new partner, Parker Luciani, to search for Chris Redfield and his new partner, Jessica Sherawat. They have reportedly gone missing and lost contact with HQ during their mission to investigate Veltro's possible reappearance. Jill and Parker are sent to search for them at their last known location, the cruise ship SS Queen Zenobia. During their search, they encounter several B.O.W.s on the ship infected with the T-Abyss virus, a marine virus derived from the deadly T-Virus. They finally enter a room where they believe Chris is being held, realizing too late that it was all a trap. Chris and Jessica, meanwhile, find a base of operations for Veltro; the Valkoinen Mökki airstrip in the mountains. Being informed by O'Brian that Jill and Parker are missing in the Mediterranean, they are redeployed to investigate their whereabouts. Awakening in separate locked rooms aboard the Zenobia, Jill and Parker manage to escape and regroup. They later encounter FBC agent Raymond Vester, whose life Parker had saved during the Terragrigia Panic. They also witness a video transmission of a masked man claiming to be part of Veltro who threatens to infect approximately one fifth of the Earth's oceans with the T-Abyss, which was created in retaliation to the FBC for their involvement in the destruction of Veltro's forces on Terragrigia.


* enjoy ...

