Callahan Series (1-2) by A.C. Marchman in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Overwhelm Me (Callahan Series #1) by A.C. Marchman (December 31st 2012)

Allie Marshall has dealt with a traumatic past that she desperately wants to keep buried. She moved to Atlanta to escape her old life and pursue her dream of becoming a Physician Assistant. With the help of her roommate, Livey, she has finally gotten her life back on track and will be graduating from Emory University with honors.

Then, she meets Donovan Callahan, a sexy and wealthy doctor who Allie cannot resist. Their relationship starts off intense and full of passion. Donovan wants to give Allie the world. But she soon learns he was involved with Claire Dubois, a reality star convicted of murdering her husband. Will she stick by his side when all of his baggage comes to the surface or will she be overwhelmed and turn her back on him?

Contains explicit sex and graphic language.

Book 2: Stay with Me (Callahan Series #2) by A.C. Marchman (April 30th 2013)

Allie Marshall, PA student, and Dr. Donovan Callahan have overcome such intense drama in their short relationship. Dealing with thoughts of Claire, his ex who sits in jail for murdering her husband, to Allie's secret past, has been extremely stressful. From the day they met, it has been hot and heavy; both of them giving into their wants and needs. The pair have thrown caution to the wind and ...just went with their hearts. All seems well, finally, and Allie is letting go of her insecurities, which could ultimately threaten to be her downfall. That is, until someone from Donovan's past decides to make a surprise and unwelcome appearance at a wedding the couple attends. A shocking announcement is made that will force Allie to question everything about Donovan-- his honesty, his character, even his feelings for her. Will this be the final straw, or will this be a test of strength of their feelings for each other?


Seed and Enjoy!