Navarathri (1964) Tamil_Xvid 1cd_No Subs [DDR]

CAST:- Sivaji Ganesan, Savitri K. Sarangapani, Nagesh V.K. Ramaswamy, 

Directed by A.P. Nagarajan ...   Music by K.V. Mahadevan

Songs are included in MP3s
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 00. Title Music and Screen Credits
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 01. Navaratri
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 02. Solava
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 03. Ieravinil
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 04. Short Song
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 05. Nattukkulae
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 06. Stage Drama-1
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 07. Thanga Jariga Selai - Stage Drama-2
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 08. Stage Drama-3
Navaratri (1964) Tamil 09. Rajathi Raja - Thanga Jariga Selai -  Full Stage Drama

MOVIE REVIEW:- Navaratri (1964)
Navarathri ("Nine Nights") is a 1964 Tamil Drama film by A.P. Nagarajan. The film is well known for starring Sivaji Ganesan in nine distinct roles getting connected in nine nights within the film, thus the title. The record of playing most number of roles in one Tamil film was long held by Sivaji Ganesan until 2008 when it was broken by Kamal Hassan in Dasavathaaram. In 1966, the film was remade in Telugu with the same title.
The plot

Nalina (Savitri) is the only daughter of a rich man. When she happily celebrates (Navaratri) festival at her home with her friends her father informs about the visit of a groom and his parents for her wedding. Nalina is reluctant to the proposal as she wants to marry her college mate Anand. After arguments with her father, she leaves away from home without her father's knowledge at the first Navaratri night.

First Night: She searches for her lover in the college hostel but finds that he has gone to get married. Nalina felts cheated by Anand and attempts for suicide where she is stopped by a widower (Sivaji Ganesan). He takes her to his house and introduces her to his daughter. He urges her to tell her address to drop her safely. Unwilling to return home she leaves the place the next early morning.

Second Night: The next day she damages the vegetables of a vendor. When vendor fights with her she was rescued by a homely looking woman. The woman takes Nalina to her home. Nalina meets several women in her house. But the house is actually a brothel house. She is trapped to a drunkard (Sivaji Ganesan). The drunkard justifies that he cannot seduce his own wife as she is a T.B patient. Though he does not want to betray his wife, he is not able to resist his feelings. Nalina advises and warns him in order to escape from him but he does not want to hear. After much struggle the drunkard falls into the floor and faints. Nalina escapes from the place.

Third night: After escaping from the brothel house, Nalina is caught by a patrol police for wandering into the road at unusual time. At police station she pretends to be a mentally ill woman. The police admits her at a mental hospital. The old aged lonely doctor (Sivaji Ganesan) understands that Nalina is fine but pretends to escape from cops and so he helps her. She stays in the hospital the whole night. Doctor finds a newspaper with the photograph of hers the next morning. But Nalina escapes, while the doctor is still looking at the newspaper.

Fourth Night: Nalina misunderstands the police jeep is coming for her. She dashes with a man with a gun (Sivaji Ganesan) and faints. The man takes her to his place. Nalina understands police is not looking for her but looking for the man as he is a killer who killed a rich businessman as a revenge for his brother's death. The gun man insists Nalina to leave. But she doesn't as she feels he is a good person and convinces him to surrender to police. In an attack the gunman is killed by the businessman's henchmen. Nalina escapes from the place.

Fifth night: Nalina meets an old aged leprosy attacked person (Sivaji Ganesan),who once upon a time was a rich man. The man lost all his money in the treatment and charity (hoping that will help him from disease). But when his money is gone his people discarded him. Nalina helps him by taking him to a hospital. The doctor is surprised as he is one of the beneficiers who was benefitted with medicine degree by charity of the rich man. The doctor decides to stay with him until he is cured. Nalina leaves the hospital.

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Bitrate: 1295 kbps
Video Resolution: 640x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: Tamil
RunTime: 2:43:26
Subtitles: None
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]   
Duration: 2:43:26