THE VAMPIRE DIARIES (2013) S04E23 x264 1080p Eng NLSubs 

 The Vampire Diaries Seizoen 4 - Episode 23 SeizoensFinale !!!!



Na de dood van hun ouders proberen Elena en Jeremy hun leven weer op te
pakken. Wanneer het nieuwe schooljaar weer van start gaat, wordt het
leven van Elena volledig onderste boven gedraait door een knappe en
misterieuze nieuwe student Stefan Salvatore. Wat zij niet weet, is dat
Stefan een eeuwenoude vampier is welke een rustig en vredig leventje
probeert te leiden. Stefan's broer Damon, welke ook een vampier is,
is volledig het tegenovergestelde van hem en leeft erg geweldadig. Het
enige wat de twee broers delen is hun liefde voor Elena.

Storyline

Based on novels of the same name, Vampire Diaries follows Elena, a young heroine, who is the object of passion for two vampire brothers. Four months after the tragic car accident that killed their parents, 17-year-old Elena Gilbert (Nina Dobrev, DeGrassi: The Next Generation) and her 15-year-old brother, Jeremy (Steven R. McQueen, Everwood) are still trying to cope with their grief and move on with their lives. Elena has always been the star student; beautiful, popular and involved with school and friends, but now she finds herself struggling to hide her sadness from the world. As the school year begins, Elena and her friends are fascinated by a handsome and mysterious new student, Stefan Salvatore (Paul Wesley, Army Wives). Stefan and Elena are immediately drawn to one another, and Elena has no way of knowing that Stefan is a centuries-old vampire, struggling to live peacefully among humans, while his brother Damon (Ian Somerhalder, Lost) is the embodiment of vampire violence and brutality. Now these two vampire brothers - one good, one evil - are at war for Elena's soul and for the souls of her friends, family and all the residents of the small town of Mystic Falls,
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/forum/12/10160 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1405406/
 
http://www.tvrage.com/The_Vampire_Diaries

Bron: WEB-DL
Container: MKV
Audio: AC3
Subs: Custom NL (Instelbaar)
Quality over Quantity (QoQ) Releases
Vertaling: PinkGaai

Enjoy the Movie

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.