Release.Date:18.06.2013
Video.......:x264 4880 kbps
Frame.Rate..:23,976 fps
Resolution..:1280x692 pixel
Audio.......:English DTS 1510 kbps
Subtitles...:English
Length......:1h 38m 00s
Source......:Retail Bluray
Size........:4480 MB
iMDB.COM....:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1333125
BLURAY.COM 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Movie-43-Blu-ray/52499

Release Notes

Shot over four years, the comedy omnibus Movie 43 boasts
an insane amount of noteworthy stars from Kate Winslet,
Hugh Jackman, Naomi Watts, Emma Stone, Chloe Grace Moretz,
Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Terrence Howard, and Stephen
Merchant. With so much top-rate talent, you might think
this comedy is destined to be a classic. However, there
are some worrisome signs

For one, it's been scheduled for the theatrical release
dumping zone that is January. Secondly, the movie doesn't
appear to be screening for critics at all. Third, none of
stars are promoting the film in any way shape or form
And lastly, its producer Peter Farrelly has revealed that
the cast signed on not so much because of a great script
but because Farrelly and his fellow producers were dogged
in their pursuit of them

The NY Post reports Movie 43 has long been a passion
project of Farrelly's and his producing partner Charlie
Wessler, who dreamed of making a comedy in the vein of
Kentucky Fried Movie. This was not a project that appealed
to most studios, but Wessler got the ball rolling by
convincing Jackman to sign on after the two met at a
wedding. From there they somehow snagged Winslet, and then
used their names to lure in more luminaries. Still, the
pair faced flat-out rejection from some stars, like George
Clooney. When asked if he'd like to cameo as himself in a
sketch where he'd fail to pick up women, Clooney's response
was a curt: "No fucking way

Other big names that dropped out of the project include
South Park's Trey Parker and Matt Stone as well as Kentucky
Fried Movie scribes David and Jerry Zucker, and Colin Farrell,
who was slated to appear opposite Butler in a
leprechaun-centered short. Butler has commented that Farrell
offered a lame excuse about stepping out, adding, "Colin, you
saw sense and backed out - admit it

Less fortunate it seems was Richard Gere, who as a friend of
Wessler's initially agreed to play a part in the film, but
then attempted to dodge it for more than a year. For most
productions this would be enough to get an actor out. But
with Movie 43's long list of directors and thereby limber
shooting schedule, this tactic didn't work. Finally, Gere
agreed to play a dopey computer designer who doesn't
understand why young boys are humping his iBabe creation on
two conditions: it had to be shot in four days, and in
Los Angeles, not New York. Regrettably for Gere, these
conditions were met easily enough

Even Farrelly admits of his stars, "They clearly wanted out
But we wouldn't let them." He goes on to say this project was
made under a simple strategy: "Wait for them. Shoot when they
want to shoot. Guilt them to death

Source 
http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Why-Guilt-Tripped-Stars-Won-t-Promote-Movie-43-35270.html

Screens: 
http://i.imgur.com/4eeRGGe.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/uiBOTRE.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/o7kw9i5.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/JRXGL0C.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/5hIsPF3.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/1X3l5Wc.jpg