nERv

Grid 2 (c) Codemasters

05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: SteamCEG
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Racing, Sports

Be fast, be first and be famous as the race returns in GRID 2, the sequel to
the BAFTA-award winning, multi-million selling Race Driver: GRID. Experience
aggressive racing against advanced AI and become immersed in the race with
GRID 2's new TrueFeel Handling system which powers edge of control
exhilaration behind the wheel of every iconic car. The next generation of
the EGO Game Technology Platform delivers genre-defining visuals and jaw
dropping damage as you prove yourself across three continents in a new,
evolving world of motorsport. Earn fame, fans and fortune as you blaze your
way to the top in intense, relentless races on licensed circuits,
beautifully realised city streets and lethal mountain roads

Grid 2 Is Racing, Redefined

Key Features

- The race comes alive with GRID 2's TrueFeel Handling system for
edge-of-control exhilaration
- Prove yourself against advanced AI in aggressive, blockbuster races
packed with wow moments
- Blaze your way to the top of a new world of motorsport
- Powered by Codemasters' EGO Game Technology Platform for jaw-dropping
damage and stunning visuals, GRID 2 sets the standard for technical
excellent in racing
- Race a handpicked selection of iconic cars that represent the best in
automotive engineering from the last 40 years
- Take on challenging licensed tracks, stunningly realised city streets and
lethal mountain roads
- Prove yourself by entering and winning events across three continents
Race Immersion Technology immerses you in the race like never before
- The long-awaited sequel to the BAFTA-winning, multi-million selling Race
Driver: GRID

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
your game install directory
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

NB: You may change the game shortcut if you have a CPU with support for AVX
instructions. As usual don't go online with the game