The Chess Mysteries of Sherlock Holmes: Fifty Tantalizing Problems of Chess Detection

(Alfred A. Knopf, New York, 1979 edition) Format: PDF | Author: Raymond Smullyan

Join the master sleuth as he and Dr. Watson examine interrupted chess matches at clubs and country homes, examining the pieces current positions to identify previous moves. Rather than predicting the outcome of these games, the Baker Street duo focus on past events, using the same variety of logical reasoning that unlocks the secrets to their ever-popular mysteries. Holmes instructs Watson (and us) in the intricacies of retrograde analysis in order to deduce on which square the white queen was captured, whether a pawn has been promoted, and which piece has been replaced by a coin. The mysteries grow increasingly complex, culminating in a double murder perpetrated by the devious Professor Moriarty.

Philosopher and logician Raymond Smullyan brilliantly recaptures the mood of Sir Arthur Conan Doyles tales. Readers need only a knowledge of how the pieces move; the first puzzles explain all of the concepts that arise later on. These witty and challenging problems will captivate chess aficionados, puzzle enthusiasts, Sherlock Holmes fans, and everyone who relishes mysteries, crime stories, and tales of detection.

Raymond Smullyan (1919ΓÇô ), mathematician, logician, magician, creator of extraordinary puzzles, philosopher, pianist, and man of many parts. The first Dover book by Raymond Smullyan was First-Order Logic (1995). Recent years have brought a number of his magical books of logic and math puzzles: The Lady or the Tiger (2009); Satan, Cantor and Infinity (2009); an original, never-before-published collection, King Arthur in Search of His Dog and Other Curious Puzzles (2010); and Set Theory and the Continuum Problem (with Melvin Fitting, also reprinted by Dover in 2010). More will be coming in subsequent years. 

In the Authors Own Words:
Recently, someone asked me if I believed in astrology. He seemed somewhat puzzled when I explained that the reason I don't is that I am a Gemini. 

Some people are always critical of vague statements. I tend rather to be critical of precise statements: they are the only ones which can correctly be labeled wrong. ΓÇö Raymond Smullyan 

Critical Acclaim for The Lady or the Tiger:
Another scintillating collection of brilliant problems and paradoxes by the most entertaining logician and set theorist who ever lived. ΓÇö Martin Gardner