Camtasia Studio v8.0.4.1060 with Serial - Team Rjaa

Technical Data
TechSmith Camtasia Studio v8.0.4 Build 1060
243 MB | Inglés |
Description
Complete package for recording and editing video from your Desktop
Camtasia Studio is an excellent set of tools designed especially for amateur video recording and editing.
The program includes several utilities that enable users from recording any event that happens in our screen, to create attractive menus to move through the content of our CD / DVD.
As for recording, Camtasia Studio to capture a window, an area or full screen. It is able to capture audio, collect the image of a webcam and even ventures into a PowerPoint. Logically, the possibilities are many.

If we talk about editing, Camtasia provides functions for zooming, adding audio, creating transition effects and even clean the sound of noise.
Finally, when you export, you will find that you can publish your creation in Flash, QuickTime, AVI, prepare for web, CD or DVD.

Features

Camtasia MenuMarker: Practical menu creator for CD / DVD through which we can better organize our video compilations.
Camtasia Recoder: This is possibly the main use of Camtasia Studio. It is a tool for recording a video file that happens in our screen. We use it for classic tutorials, demonstrations, and even to capture video for us to see the internet stream. After recording, you can export the video file to the format you want.
Camtasia Audio Editor: With this tool you can edit the recorded audio in video files, sound increasing or decreasing, or even eliminating it completely from the recording to replace silence.
Camtasia Theater: With Camtasia Theater we are able to incorporate Flash video disc (only files in SWF format) that can be viewed online or on a CD.
Camtasia Player: The player of Camtasia Studio. Small, light, and easy to use. Ideal for playing the videos created with the program found.

Recent Changes
18 December, 2012: Camtasia Studio v8.0.4 Maintenance Release

Improved reliability of project saving and opening
Should Flash/HTML5 controller now controls auto-hide When Appropriate
Fixed a crash after rendering for Camtasia Relay to Share
Uploading to Relay no longer fails for project names with Ampersands