Deep Anal Abyss 3 DISC1+2 [DVDRip]

CAST
Adrianna Nicole, Alysa, Amber Rayne, Ava Devine, Chastity Lynn, Diamond Kitty, Jayda Diamonde, Kylie Ireland, Nicki Hunter, Prince Yahshua, Sammie Rhodes, Sea J Raw, Sean Michaels
DESCRIPTION
Deep Anal Abyss 3: Special 2-Disc Set. In Deep Anal Abyss 3, director Jay Sin presents five scenes of wicked anal play culminating in a three-girl anal magic show where amazing things disappear. That scene stars hot, nasty Amber Rayne, blonde beauty Nicki Hunter and ghostly pale redhead MILF Kylie Ireland, all in sexy party wear. For a warm-up, Kylie takes a billy club dildo up the ass to the hilt. Then the girls get serious, bringing out a four-foot snake dildo. Amber and Nicki gradually ease the snake up Kylie`s rectum as the redhead buzzes her clit with a plug-in vibe, till Kylie`s 37 inches of dildo have disappeared in Kylie`s digestive tract! When it comes out, it goes in Kylie`s mouth. Amber enjoys about 20 inches up her ass. With her legs bent up over her head, Nicki`s pink intestinal meat slightly prolapses, giving Amber and Kylie rectal innards to tongue! A red dildo disappears up Nicki`s butt, then emerges just a bit, like a little penis for the girls to suck. A giant red dildo makes Nicki gape mightily. Throughout, the girls share ass-to-mouth favors and flavors.Alysa, Sea J Raw and Diamond Kitty all sport long, black tresses. Alysa reveals an anaconda-size dildo like a gigantic cock under her dress, and we see that it`s lodged in her asshole and hanging out the front. It leaves a big, flexing gape. The girls share double-headed dildo play, lots of gapesfor the tonguing, and a long, pink toy disappears up Sea J`s rear as the girls lick her holes.Bleached blonde Jayda Diamonde is like a porno cartoon with her pouting face and bubble butt. She takes a ridiculously thick, brown dildo up the ass, then stretches her anus with six fingers, graphically displaying her pink innards. Enter Sean Michaels to give her the real thing, a deep anal reaming that makes her ass gape. There`s no pussy preliminary here, just straight-to-the-nastiness. See the lube ooze from her butthole. See him jack off on her face. See her deep-throat his cock clean.Gorgeous, naturally buxom blonde Sammie Rhodes and adorable blonde Chastity Lynn wear cowboy boots... Chastity sports a red bandana top and Sammie wears a cowboy hat, and this must be one of Jay`s country-themed scenes. The barnyard behavior is highlighted by a dildo that looks like a horse cock and squirts copious amounts of milky cream. Sammie straps on the horse dick dildo and fucks little Chastity`s asshole to gaping. Sammie wets Chastity`s gape with her tongue, then drenches it with cream from the dildo, leaving her ass a milky mess. If all the ass-to-mouth fun in this scene isn`t intimate enough, wait`ll you see Chastity blast that milk out of her asshole and into Sammie`s mouth!Voluptuous Asian Ava Devine looks striking with her big ass protruding from a blackand white body stocking and five gnarly toys protruding from her bunghole. With her big boobs, colorful tattoo and tres sexy voice and demeanor, blonde Adrianna Nicole is always trouble. Together, they`re dangerous. Adrianna fists Ava`s mouth and the girls share spit-kisses. But Ava`s rectum produces the biggest spectacle here, a bulbous, angrily red rectal protrusion that Adrianna repeatedly tongues and prods with sex toys. Enter Prince Yahshua to face-fuck Ava, coating her face with gag spit. After the girls suck black cock, Ava gets it straight up the ass, a hard, bouncing fuck that splits her big cheeks. Not to be outdone, Adrianna gets boned straight up her ass as Ava licks her pussy, then the Princely cock pulled fresh from Adrianna`s butthole. When Prince dumps a big, spurting load onto Ava`s face, irrepressible Adrianna slurps it clean.The double-disc DVD includes a bonus scene starring Bobbi Starr, Diamond Kitty and Mick Blue, extensive behind-the-scenes footage, bloopers, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies, and trailers.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=3zvao7fdph44mqzkd9tt.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=rvqmo29z7a02w42ibvp4.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=dqiya74lc6m45zvf7bcb.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=fb4s9n1lz04usizg3ihe.jpg