PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

"C  O  N  S  P  I  R  A  C  Y"

Volume 017
Ripple Effect The Nazi Banksters Crimes

POtHS - Conspiracy - 017 - Ripple Effect The Nazi Banksters Crimes

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment: You won't believe everything you going to see here.

Description:  

Ripple Effect - The Nazi Banksters Crimes:

Released 5th of November, 2011. Muad'Dib's latest hard-hitting documentary about the innumerable crimes of the Ashke-Nazi Banksters.  

From their historical origins down to their planned genocidal future, Muad'Dib tracks who THEY* are, how THEY operate, and most importantly, how to get rid of them once and for all.  

Muad'Dib is calling on millions of people to peacefully surround the Houses of Parliament in London, England -- on the 5th of November, 2012 -- to clean it of corruption and treason, making it a day that present and future generations will never forget.



Learn more about what happened to Tesla's Secrets and its connection to the Bush family, the NAZI's, the Vatican, and John F. Kennedy.  How to they've planned to Kill and Control Christians and their modern philosophy and techniques.  This video exposes who is involved, their intentions and motives for gloabal governance and attacks on Christians.  This is some very shocking information which uses historical documentation and videos to provide insight and accuracy in revealing the creation of the New World Order.

After being wrongfully arrested, falsely and maliciously imprisoned for making His "7/7 Ripple Effect" film and defending innocent people, Muad'Dib is back with no mercy for those who've shown none to others.


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  