Christina Gustafsson releases her third album, The Law of the Lady. She has followed her vision from the beginning to the end and the result is striking. After the critically acclaimed My Move and Moments Free she takes her artistic expression to a new level. In this project Christina works together with Calle Rasmusson, who's a member of Christina's band and who also works as an arranger with European orchestras and artists. Christina and Calle have arranged this album together in a very personal way.

Christina Gustafsson was born in Värmskog, Sweden, in 1970. She studied in 1994 - 96 at New York School of Music and 1996 - 99 at Kungliga Musikhögskolan in Stockholm. Christina is well-established on the Swedish jazz scene and is one of Sweden's most celebrated jazz singers. As a composer she has gained a lot of attention during the years and in 2007 she was awarded the SKAP scholarship. Together with Rigmor Gustafsson, Christina was also awarded the Anita O'Day price in 2012 with the motivation: Rigmor and Christina Gustafsson belong to the elite among European female jazz singers. (naxosdirect.se)

- - -

Christina Gustafsson - The Law Of The Lady 2012
(Prophone)

 1. You Make It   
 2. Breathing, Air And Such  
 3. The Law Of The Lady  
 4. Close To Here   
 5. It Might As Well Be Spring  
 6. My Own Way Out  
 7. Sometimes   
 8. Hours Passing By  
 9. Love You Too   
10. I Need Someone

Music: Christina Gustafsson (except It might as well be spring & My own way out)
Lyrics: Cecilia Ase, Helena Davidsson and Stefan Danielsson
Arrangements: Calle Rasmusson

Vocals: Christina Gustafsson
Piano, Rhodes, organ: Daniel Karlsson, Adam Forkelid
Electric bass: Fredrik Jonsson
Upright bass: Kristian Lind
Guitar: Max Schultz, Erik Söderlind
Drums and vibes: Calle Rasmusson
Percussion: Sebastian Notini.
Trombone: Karin Hammar, Lisa Bodelius
Trumpet and flugelhorn: Patrik Skogh, Johan Setterlind
French horn: Eva-Tea Lundberg
Woodwind instruments: Magnus Lindgren
