Deep Anal Abyss 4 DISC1+2 [DVDRip]

CAST
Alysa, Amber Rayne, Chasity Lynn, Eloa, Hotkinky Jo, Jayda Diamonde, Julie Night, Kelly Divine, Phoenix Marie, Roxy Raye

Deep Anal Abyss 4: Jay Sins eye for booty is infamous. Wherever he goes, the kinky anal renegade seeks out the kind of girls who love filling their assholes to the brim. Jay has made his name with footage of the most intense rectal stunts imaginable, but with the two-disc release of Deep Anal Abyss 4, the kinky/edgy porn artists girls have finally gone off the scale with their most twisted anal antics yet! Get ready for enormously gaping buttholes, nasty ass-to-mouth cocksucking, luscious rim jobs, blossoming rectal prolapses, probing speculums and epic, 18+ dildos getting devoured by impossibly hungry sphincters. These talented ladies will never lack for a hiding place! Delectably voluptuous French beauty Eloa and voluptuous, huge-assed American whore Kelly Divine play a magic flute, charming and coaxing snake-like rubber dildos out of their cavernous colons. Anal cowgirls Jayda Diamonde and Julie Night ride a saddle outfitted with a massive ass-stretching cone that thoroughly expands their bungholes, making room for black stud Sean Michaels big cock. Filthy slut Amber Rayne, young anal acrobat Roxy Raye and bomb-ass blonde Phoenix Marie are a trio of proctological nurses practicing their craft upon each others elastic gapers. Roxy literally turns her meaty intestine inside out! Next, petite blonde Chastity Lynn shoves phallic invaders deep up her compact rear, squeezes them back out, then services Sean Michaels big black boner in a rude session of interracial ass-banging. Finally, Russian temptresses Hotkinkyjo and Alysa, wearing sheer panties and stockings, perform sick backdoor tricks that are almost too bizarre to describe. The bliss of Jays Abyss isnt just deep; its graphic!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=x8vaac5uw1k8os8x19d6.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=k4ovm7lvp6rx98st0hzs.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=zb1av6smu699wcopm1vm.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=g705g3dsm743gcyur94i.jpg