01. Acrobat (3:37)
02. The Waiting (3:40)
03. Safe in the Womb (5:21)
04. Lonely Universe (7:21)
05. Can't Wait Until Tomorrow (2:17)
06. Always Half Strange (2:48)
07. You Are Song (3:51)
08. Miranda (4:47)
09. The Sky Opened Up (4:05)
10. Free (2:27)
11. Tiniest Seed (3:28)

After her highly-acclaimed debut Strange Cacti landed in the hands of listeners, it became very obvious the special presence Angel Olsen offered to listeners. She had a fresh edge to her sound, a warm and wonderful range, and a level of skill and charm out of this world.

And now here we are, a mere 2 years since her initial Bathetic release -- the original cassette version of Strange Cacti. The release of Half Way Home is something everyone has been excited for. We've always wanted to see and hear what Angel brings out through her music.

Half Way Home is a continuation of her elegance brought forth on Strange Cacti, a collection of both new and old music, honed and matured, thoughts revisisted. We're hearing this same beautiful girl with that same beautiful voice, this time brought up to a new level, in no doubt a growth and reach brought on by several roadtrips with the one and only Bonnie "Prince" Billy and crew.

The work of Angel Olsen is entirely her own: a raw, glowing sound that stands out now just as much as it did in 2010. It's an emotional stew with Angel's robust voice up front, bold and engaging, coming out of the background, aching to be heard. With the help of Emmett Kelly (The Cairo Gang) behind the board and playing throughout the songs, Half Way Home is a natural progression showcasing the wondrous sounds of a songwriter with such a voice that is rarely found.

In Angel's words herself:
"I couldn't say it's about love lost or found or whatever. It's about many things, things that have happened to me, feelings I've had. Situations that have occurred to some I know. I think no matter how stable I am I will always be searching, I guess that's what this album is about. The endless searching, the fruitless waiting, the idea of a home that is inside yourself."
 
http://dickthespic.org/