Super Cute Girl Next Door runs the sexual gauntlet on the squirt couch. Bondage and rough sex! | Kristine Kahill | Matt Williams

June 12, 2013 
 

MP4 only.
 
 
This is the last scene we shot of Kristine Kahill. We saw such an amazing transformation from her first scene to her last that we would love to have her back. This 20yr old Girl Next Door has the the most innocent look, but delivers the most outstanding performances.

We have our cutie bound in a modified Box Tie, she is completely helpless, but comfortably tied. That's important if you want to take your time and really destroy someone with cock. Kristine starts on her knees worshiping the cock with her mouth. After we feel she has warmed up to it, we get more aggressive. We yank Kristine up on the couch and bend her over the hard cock. We control her with our hand wrapped in her long hair. She is no longer sucking cock, now she is getting her cute face fucked and fucked hard. 

Every time Kristine has the cock balls deep down her throat her pussy gets just a little wetter. She loves being helpless and used and her pussy tells us she is not lying when she says she loves this type of sex. We punish her mouth with rough deep throating, fucking her brain into subspace. Now that the cock is lubed with that deep throat spit it's time to run the gauntlet. 

Kristine gets cock fucked every which way and then a few more. From pussy to mouth, back and forth we toss tiny Kristine and manhandle her cute ass with extreme rough pounding sex. We make her cum over and over. We pound her pussy with cock, she cums, we vibrate her clit while deep throating, she cums, we finger blast her wet cunt and she squirts. We make this beautiful 20yr old cum her brains out, overloaded on cock.

Sexually Broken is the most authentic sex and submission site on the net, real rope experts, handlers and Doms bind and fuck the girls. Not some fake LA male porn star pretending to be a Dom. Stay clear of the fake, acted, generic BDSM porn, and see why Sexually Broken is the fastest growing Consensual Bondage and Rough Sex site in the world. 

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/06_12kkahill3/SexuallyBroken-Kristine-Kahill-Matt-Williams-Super-Cute-Girl-Next-Door-runs-the-sexual-gauntlet-on-the-squirt-couch-Bondage-and-rough-sex.php

11 000 uploads and counting, 12k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

