Earl Brooks is a highly respected businessman and was recently named Portland's Man of the Year. He hides a terrible secret however: he is a serial killer known as the Thumbprint Killer. He has been attending AA meetings and has kept his addiction to killing under control for two years now but his alter ego, Marshall, has re-appeared and is pushing him to kill again. When he does kill a couple while they are making love, he is seen and photographed by someone who also has his own death and murder fetish. In a parallel story, the police detective investigating the murder is having problems of her own. She is going through a messy divorce and a violent criminal who had vowed revenge some years before has escaped from prison and is after her.


In Portland, the philanthropic businessman and family man Mr. Earl Brooks has been just elected Man of the Year. Mr. Brooks manages his factory of packages; lives in a comfortable house with his gorgeous wife Emma and has a rebel daughter Jane in college. However, Mr. Brooks has a dark secret: he is a psychopath serial killer also known as The Thumbprint Killer with an alter-ego called Marshall and addicted in killing. For two years, Mr. Brooks has attended the AA meetings and kept his addiction under control. However, Marshall returns and forces him to kill a couple of dancers that is making love in their house with open curtains. On the next day, Jane returns home without her BMW and a man named Mr. Smith (Dane Cook) visits Mr. Brooks in his factory with pictures of him in the crime scene; he is blackmailed and the man requests to participate in a murder. Meanwhile, the wealthy detective Tracy Atwood is having a troubled moment in her life: she has been investigating the murders of The Fingerprint Killer; is facing her former husband Jesse Vialo in a complicated divorce process; and is chased by the violent criminal Thorton Meeks that has escaped from prison and promised to kill her. When Tracy visits the crime scene, she suspects that Mr. Smith is an eye witness of the murder and presses him, and their fates entwine with the life of Mr. Brooks.