Ultimate Call Screen HD Free combines a Fullscreen Caller ID replacement, contact picture manager, call blocker, and, on top of that, sensor-base actions such as rejecting calls by turning the phone screen-down, and swipe gestures just to be sure you handle your phone any way you want to.

Licensed users can link phone contacts to Facebook profiles, and use their HD profile pictures as call screens. Also with the License comes Ultimate SMS Screen, the name says it all.

All this on the same package, working from Android V2.1 to ICS, on any resolution on any phone.

There is no limit on the number of contacts you can personalize or block on the Free version. There are no adds and no timeouts. I believe on added functionality for value, not crippling the app to force buys.

Important:
To access the dialpad and other standard functions, press "back" button while on a call, or use the enable the "swipe down" feature to do the same

Feature:

General:

    No limit on number of contacts to personalize.
    Apply pictures to contacts directly from your gallery, with the android "share" function. Just choose "Add to UCS"!

Full Screen Caller ID

    Selectively enable only for outgoing/incoming calls
    Enable swipe gestures to bring up the default phone interface
    Press "Back" when UCS is handling a call to jump back to your default phone interface
    Choose pictures from gallery or take from camera
    Image cropper with multi-touch zooming
    Per-contact blocking
    Preview each contact callscreen
    Define a global default HD picture for those contacts you don't feel like personalizing
    Optional on-screen "loudspeaker" button
    Option to show/hide status bar on lockscreen
    Optional haptic feedback (vibrate)
    Different default pictures for known and unknown contacts
    Hide parts of the call screen for cleaner interface.

Call Blocker

    Block individual contacts.
    Global Activate/deactivate call blocking, overriding individual contact block status.

Sensor based actions

    Activate/deactivate sensor actions
    Set the "Turn to reject" feature: Turn the phone screen-down to reject an incoming call.

Pro Features:

    Intercept and show SMS messages with fullscreen caller picture below. Fully themable SMS screen.
    Option to make incoming SMS show above lockscreen, including turning the screen on
    Dismiss or reply to sms directly from UCS SMS screen, with buttons or swipe gestures
    Link your contacts to Facebook friends and use their HD profile pictures as call screen.
    Setup UCS to use your current android contact picture as fullscreen caller ID.
    Enable swipe gestures to answer, decline,or bring up your default phone interface
    Use UCS themes to personalize your call screen even more! Different default themes for known and unknown contacts, as well as hiding callscreen elements.
    Setup different themes for individual contacts
    Activate the "Turn to mute ring" feature (if your hardware supports it).
    Activate the "Turn for loudspeaker" feature (if your hardware supports it).
    Activate the "Block all incoming calls" feature: every single call will be blocked.
    Activate the "Whitelist mode". This allows you to invert the blocking selection, and all contacts NOT marked for blocking will be blocked.
    Activate the "Block Unknown Callers" feature.

What's in this version : (Updated : Jan 14, 2013)

    Increased facebook pictures quality
    IMPORTANT: existing users should do a "Sync Pictures Now" to improve old pictures
    Optimized facebook "I Feel Lucky": more reliable auto-matching of contacts (Licensed only)
    Other performance optimizations

Required Android O/S : 2.1+

Screenshots :
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lowveld.ucshdlicense