screens;
 
http://baypic.net/img-51b1bd82e3266.html 
 
http://baypic.net/img-51b1bd947441f.html 
 
http://baypic.net/img-51b1bd964b8e5.html 

Suave French-American director Manuel Ferrara brings us another sizzling-hot collection of nasty gonzo scenes, all taking place in a world where the girls are gorgeous and willing, and all the sex is anal... evilly anal! Manuel’s “Evil Anal 18” showcases the acclaimed stud doing what he does best — using his huge, legendary cock to tame the assholes of the hottest babes in porn. Athletic, all-natural blonde Bailey Blue interrupts her workout routine to invade her big ass with a series of sphincter-stretching toys. The sultry vixen teases Manuel and his camera, then rides his enormous dick in a passionate, slow-burn session of intense rectal reaming. When her asshole has been thoroughly ravaged and gaping, Bailey's pretty face is showered in sperm. Next, busty Asian superslut London Keyes enjoys a steamy shower, then answers the front door to receive a package. It’s the life-sized Manuel Ferrara realistic dong she ordered! By stroking and slurping on the massive rubber dick, London makes the director magically appear, genie-like, and grant her deepest wish: a ferocious butt-fuck with a creamy facial finish. Dressed in a red leather corset and slutty fishnet stockings, fetish bombshell Princess Donna gets loosened up, letting Manuel plunder her elastic butthole with various phallic implements. The auburn-haired, tattooed babe wraps her lips around the director’s thick, uncut shaft while he films her POV-style. Soon he’s royally fucking the Princess’ asshole and making the kinky girl suck his cock ass-to-mouth. After she submits to a rough ordeal of choking and relentless sodomy, Manuel splatters his glamorous bitch with a big, messy faceful of semen. Lastly, sultry, stocking-clad Dana DeArmond and Manuel are competing for the attentions of sexy Mia Gold. They decide to combine their interests in a filthy anal threesome of non-stop backdoor banging and ass-to-mouth cocksucking... climaxing in a hot double-facial and an oral cum swap. The style of hard-core butt sex here comes flavored with a taste of the forbidden. “Evil Anal 18” is so wrong, it’s just right!
