No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

If everybody seeds, you will get higher downloading speeds.

VERSION: 3.3.1.2

DESCRIPTION:
Outdated drivers can cause a range of problems on your computer from hardware not operating the way it should to complete system crashes. Smart Driver Updater is a simple easy to use solution that automatically finds and updates all your device drivers in just minutes.

Your operating system requires drivers to run every hardware device associated with your PC including printers, monitors, keyboards, mice, sound cards, video cards, network card, CD/DVD drivers and more. If you're running outdated drivers your operating system may not be able to communicate properly with that hardware device anymore or you may not be enjoying the full benefit of new features and enhancements.

Identifying which of your hundreds of drivers are outdated and searching for the right driver download can take hours. Inexperienced computer users also risk downloading the wrong version of a driver and causing even more problems.

Smart Driver Updater offers a fast, easy and safe solution for automatically managing and updating your drivers. The program scans your computer and all associated hardware devices and provides a list of all the drivers that need to be updated. With just a single click Smart Driver Updater safely installs each update on your PC. Smart Driver Updater's database contains over 200,000 drivers and is constantly updated ensuring that you always download the most current drivers.

Features & Benefits:

Dramatically increase the speed and stability of your devices

Hardware manufacturers are constantly updating their product drivers in order to fix problems or improve performance. Having the correct driver can improve the functionality of your hardware device by as much as 50%. Regular scans with Smart Driver Updater will find and replace outdated or corrupt drivers on your PC ensuring that your system is always fully optimized and running smoothly. 

Often the biggest problem faced by users upgrading to Windows 7 is that their existing hardware is not compatible with their new operating system. Smart Driver Updater fixes this problem by automatically finding the problem drivers and downloading the correct version for Windows 7. Smart Driver Updater is the simple solution for a faster more stable PC.

Fast & safe way to update your drivers

Smart Driver Updater has a database of over 200,000 drivers. We are constantly updating and editing the database to make sure that we have the best driver updates available. As a Smart Driver Updater user you will have ongoing access to all database updates ensuring that you are always running the most current drivers for your system.

Backup and Restore

If you're upgrading your operating system or just need to reinstall windows Smart Driver Updater can backup all the drivers on your PC or laptop, compressing them to a zip file that is easy to export and reinstall. Smart Driver Updater's backup and reinstall features can save you hours of searching for and installing individual device drivers.

Easy to use

Our goal is always to design simple easy to use solutions. With just one click Smart Driver Updater analysis your PC and any attached hardware devices immediately identifying outdated drivers and offering the correct new drivers to replace them with. With Smart Driver Updater even the most novice computer users will be able to easily find, replace, backup and restore their device drivers.

Built in Scheduler means that you can set it and forget it!

There is no reason you should ever have outdated drivers causing problems on your computer again. Simply set the built in scheduler to run a scan automatically at start-up or assign it to run at a convenient time on a daily, weekly or monthly bases. Smart Driver Updater let's you know when new driver updates are available for your system so that you are always up to date.

Supported OS:
Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista 32-bit, Windows Vista 64-bit, Windows XP 64-bit, Windows 7 64-bit, Windows 2008 Server, Windows 2008 Server 64-bit, Windows 2003 Server 64-bit, Windows 7 32-bit

Homepage: http://www.smartpctools.com/driver_updater

Installation instructions:
1. Execute the .exe file.
2. Click next.
3. Enjoy the program.