“Whispers of the Rasha ReishA, Revelations of the Unspoken Ones, the HaahTUr’s and the HUB; Introduction to the Monadic Masters, the Hidden Worlds of the Yunasai and the Path of the Kanatareiah.” Recorded live in Phoenix, September/October 2005.  In this workshop, we are introduced to the Hub Masters, the HaahTUr’s, a Founders and Guardian Race from the Eckasha-A level of Creation who are assisting Earth Races in this now rapidly changing Universal and Galactic Drama. The latest 'open' emergence of the HaahTUR’s is a significant addition to the growing team of Guardian Races (Eieyani, EyanA and AdonA from the Ecka and Eckasha). The HaahTUr are the first step-down communicators from the Hub World “Unspoken Ones” who are currently involved in bringing the continuing Monadic Translations to Earth; and, around whom the focus of the information in this workshop surrounds via the ‘Teachings of the Hub’ and associated techniques which have never before been translated in Density One.

The information regarding what the “Hub” is and does, and the reasons we are being given this information, is presented in the context of an excellent update and summary of the Universal Drama that has occurred since the ‘opening’ of this stellar activation cycle (SAC) under Plan A in the year 2000, through to the closing of Earth’s Stargates under Plan ‘I’ since September 2005. The information and techniques in this workshop give us all an opportunity to open the “Hub-connection” within ourselves in order to prepare for the Hub frequencies to open on Earth via the ancient Temples of Kanatareiah. This will enable the continuation of a variety of “evolutionary options” to remain viable on Earth as we move through the next few years and also ensure that Team Indigo can continue to assist all Guardian Races in keeping these evolutionary options open. The location of the Inner Hub Worlds is explained in this workshop in addition to their relationship to the Eckasha-A, Eckasha, Ecka and Veca Universes in terms of their location in the ‘outer space’ hologram and within our own anatomy. The exquisite knowledge of the SOUND tones associated with the first levels of Creation are introduced, allowing us to link the names that we have become familiar with in the Freedom Teachings (such as Yunasai) with their origins in the vast process of God Source Creation. We get a glimpse of the complexity of the spheres within spheres anatomy of the Partiki dynamics before the Creation of the Monad and the myriad of sound tones (including ‘RashaReishA’) at each level of the Inner Hub Worlds that reflect an intricate and infinite Sacred Creational language.

The pentagram “key code” is introduced in this workshop and information is given in terms of its ability to trigger merkaba travel into either Black Hole matrices or the Hub depending on how it is used. Importantly, this workshop also contains a detailed over-view of the ‘distortions’ within our solar system including Earth’s tilted axis and ‘wobble’, Earth’s magnetic magnetosphere (tilted 11.5 degrees), the electrical magnetosphere (tilted 23.5 degrees), the “poison apple” appearance of the magnetosphere, the Yin-Yan flow distortion, the REAL “trumpets” and how Earth came to have an unnatural 7.79 Hz differential field. There is also a brief history given of the progressive damage that has occurred to Earth’s natural merkaba fields starting from 5.5 million years ago up until present day and how the Fallen Budhara Races are now using ancient grid systems on Earth and on other planets in our Universe including Telus and Tiamat to activate a large system of wormhole vortices to advance their Ecka-Veca take-over bid. Given this workshop contains comprehensive summaries of the Universal Drama, Earth’s progressive Fallen Angelic-directed damage and the current Solar system distortions, it can be enjoyed by both experienced Keylontic science students and newcomers. For adequate efficacy of the Hub techniques however, prior study and familiarity with Kathara Levels 1-2, 2-3 and 4 (introduction), in addition to the Flame Body activation are required. Includes a 13 page supplement with the HUB Activation Technique and the Psonns of Passage.


