Neo-pagan sanctuary on the Island of Bled (Slovenia)

Underwater search for an encryption machine, the discovery of a diary of a partisan intelligence agent, his record of “Nazi Bible” and plans on neo-pagan sanctuary on the Island of Bled. All this has happened once in Bled, where it was again taken place on a screen.

The Bled Grand Hotel Toplice aired the premiere of the documentary “Hitler’s bible”, which is going on around the true spy stories of Jože Jana – Iztok. This was during World War II, Bled leading an independent (“independent”??? – note of avles) intelligence network and the 1945 seizure of the German religious institute Ahnenerbe (heritage), where he stumbled upon an unusual find.

However, the time should be putted slightly forward in the eighties, when the Slovenian archaeologist Andrej Gaspari conducted underwater archaeological investigations of the lake. He hoped to find “enigma”, a famous Nazi encryption machine, the Germans on the run from the allies should have thrown into the lake. However, something else attracted his attention, also referred to the informative diary of Jana. This should have come into contact with Mrs Van Straaten, who worked for a German film company UFA and in the name of the so-called left trade unions, on the outskirts of the Reich, sought alliance with Komintern in Moscow.

With the help of her colleague, Inge, Van Straaten yielded to Jana information on the production of of synthetic gasoline in Frankfurt / Oder and details of the secret base on the island of Rugen , where Hitler between 1942 and 1944 conducted nuclear tests. Jana provided the information to the ljutenant colonel Ribačenk of the Russian mission, who was then operating on the territory of Yugoslavia, and in 1945 the Soviets occupied Rugen and thus to obtain nuclear technology.

Plans to build the temple of ancient German god Wotan

For the history of Bled is important yet another said about the operation of Jana and the seizure of the archive of the Ahnennebe Institute, which was directed in the villa of Bonač by Methes Ziegler, a former Protestant clergyman and a close associate of Alfred Rosenberg, and of Martin Bormann. After Nazis escaped, the partisans drove a truck full of old books and documents, among which particularly stood out a in gold and leather bound book. In this, some kind of Hitler’s Bible, have been described religious rituals, particularly interesting was a plan to build a temple of Wotan and the bridge to be built by the Germans at the Bled island.

Bled, an idyllic refuge for German holidaymakers

It was a time when the Bled lake, after a short presence of the Italian units, became a “center” for the German occupation authorities in Gorenjska, the place already in 19th century, attracting many tourists, owing to the relatively favorable security situation throughout the war remained a popular destination for German holidaymakers and families from the bombed areas. It also hosted a number of Nazi functionaries.

The film of the writer and director Miha Čelarja who participated in the recording with Andrej Gaspari is conceived as a kind of reconstruction of the intelligence diary of Jana, meanwhile at the same time is a documentary story about finding the missing books. The film, which is made in a co-production of Astral film and TV Slovenia.

English friendly DVD screener