
                                      nERv


  The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing Update v1.0.07 (c) Neocore Games

      05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
            - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action/RPG


Notes:
~~~~~~
You do not need any previous update for this release, just the main release.

Check the included text file for a list of whats been patched.

--

Put on your wide-brimmed hat, grab your weapons and embark on an incredible
adventure in the gothic-noir world of Borgovia, where mad science threatens
the fragile peace between monster and mortal. Be Van Helsing, monster-hunter
extraordinaire and save the day with your charming and beautiful companion,
Lady Katarina (who happens to be a ghost, by the way). Explore the savage
wilderness in the mountains and the soot-stained brick districts of a grim
metropolis twisted by weird science, and don t forget: you might never know
who the real monsters are!

Features:
* Enter a memorable gothic-noir universe filled with monsters, magic and
  weird science.
* Play through a refreshingly unique story, spiced up with wry humor and
  snappy dialogue.
* Fight fierce battles against supernatural foes with diverse skills and
  abilities.
* Use the special abilities and tailor the skills of your remarkable
  follower.
* Customize your character through a detailed level-up system where you
  decide which skills and abilities you ll need for the hunt.
* Modify your skills on the spot with a unique power-up system.
* Learn the secrets of mystical alchemy and forge powerful items.
* Build and develop your hideout and place traps to defend it from waves of
  terrible monsters.
* Become the greatest monster slayer of all time while playing a cooperative
  multiplayer monster hunt up to four players.


1. Unrar.
2. Install the update.
3. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
   your game install directory.
4. Play the game.
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
