Food Safari: Glorious Adventures Through a World of Cuisines 
by Maeve O'Meara
Hardie Grant Books April 2011 ISBN-10: 1740667611 ePUB/PDF 7.29/15.1 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Food-Safari-Glorious-Adventures-Cuisines/dp/1740667611

Food Safari is an Australian television series first screened on SBS TV Australia featuring the many cuisines brought to Australia by its immigrants. The series was produced by Kismet Productions in association with SBS TV Australia. Presented by Maeve O'Meara, each episode covers cuisine from a particular culture. Usually starting with commonly used ingredients and where to obtain them in Australia, it then moves onto the preparation and consumption of popular favourites, basic dishes and desserts.
The series was rested in 2008 after the airing of the third series with a spin-off series, Italian Food Safari, airing in 2010, presented by O'Meara and chef Guy Grossi. A second spin-off series, French Food Safari, aired in 2011 and was presented by O'Meara and chef Guillaume Brahimi.

Readers are taken on a culinary adventure into 34 diverse and fascinating cuisines with this book that explores the basic ingredients and makes the exotic familiar
Offering simple foolproof recipes that anyone can cook at home, this is a delicious journey into new worlds, making delicious discoveries. With 180 delicious recipes like spicy Gujarati Potatoes, Southern Fried Chicken, Pho, Empanadas, HaleemΓÇöking of curries, and Stone-Bowl Bibimbap, cooks are taken on a culinary globetrot. Desserts include Baklawa, Crepes Suzette, and Fig Loukoumades. Demystifying unfamiliar cuisines, this book offers stories and traditions related to each cuisine, helps readers shop for the key ingredients and cooking implements, and includes simple recipes from cultures as far flung as Africa, the Middle East, Europe, Asia, and South America. Soon readers will be experts at making Dolma from Turkey, Bulgogi from Korea, and Black Forest Cake from Germany.

About the Author
Maeve OΓÇÖMeara is an award-winning food and cooking author, journalist, broadcaster, television producer and presenter who has spent 20 years travelling the world discovering food.
She is the co-author of 12 books on food and co-created, presented and produced all five series of the acclaimed Food LoversΓÇÖ Guide to Australia. Maeve was also the Food Presenter on Better Homes and Gardens for five years and has won major international awards for her television work.
Maeve OΓÇÖMeara has worked as the Food Editor on major Australian magazines and can be heard regularly on radio talking about her favourite subject.
Nine years ago she created a successful food adventure company Gourmet Safaris which runs a range of tours in Sydney, Australia and overseas. Food Safari is the ultimate journey into new culinary worlds on our doorstep. The television series is based on hearing the many questions being asked on her safaris - what ingredients to buy and how to cook with them