Active File Recovery software is simple, safe and powerful Data Recovery is that even when Windows does not boot capability is also effective. Professional software for Windows is designed to be all that you mistakenly deleted files or formatted the recovery. The set also includes a Partition Recovery tool also. Active File Recovery Partition Recovery tool can be run from a bootable CD did not come up with systems that have been used. It can be said that the only way to recover your data when your system is not high and you can not access your system's hard drive. features Active File Recovery Enterprise Software: - Active @ Organizer utility to manage and rename files after data loss. - Support large hard drive even higher than 2 terabytes. - developed a new scanning algorithm. - Full support for all versions of Windows. - retrieve information on a variety of systems such as crash, virus infection, software problems or Power PC Problems, Boot are not. - Recovers deleted files from damaged or formatted partitions. - Partition recovery after formatted, lost or damaged FAT, with extensions FAT32 and NTFS and. - Recover photos from formatted flash memory card. - file system supports FAT12, FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS5, NTFS + EFS. - Support HDD technology hardware and software RAID and recover their data. - View and store processes and events run by software. - Supports Drag & Drop for single and multiple deleted files recovery. - with help files to learn how to do the work and recover the sense of Definition Information.

Install:
1. Install software
2. Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the program

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.


