 http://beeimg.com/images/e72941837202.jpg

StarBurn is a powerful software solution that lets you burn new CDs, DVDs, Blu-ray and HD-DVD media, while also providing dedicated tools for creating a disc image and grabbing audio tracks. You may find the interface a bit overwhelming at the first glance, but that's only because the application boasts so many features. In fact, all tools are well-organized in the main window, so you can choose the one you need using the sidebar on the left.

Here are some key features of "StarBurn":

· All MMC (Multi-Media Command Set) compatible CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD burning hardware is supported. StarBurn deals with devices in a "generic" mode meaning you don't need to get an updated version of our software to support a brand new burner.
· CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R/RE, HD-DVD-R/RW and DVD-RAM media supported. Including modern high-capacity double layer DVD+R and dual layer DVD-R.
· UDF (Universal Disc Format) file system mastering (UDF 1.02, 1.50 and 2.01). Files larger then 2 GB and with names up to 2048 characters long can now be stored on optical media. You don't need to use third-party tools to split your huge database backups or rename long file names before burning them.
· ISO9660 file system mastering (including Joliet Unicode extensions). The most compatible file system virtually any machine can read.
· Bridge file system (ISO9660/UDF for DVD-Video creation) mastering. StarBurn creates bridge file system which is DVD-Video compatible. This media can be read with both stand-alone DVD players and ancient Windows 95 and DOS machines.
· Session import (appending already created CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD media). In this mode you can use the same media for sequential recording daily. New data will perfectly co-exist with previously recorded data. The only limitation is the physical media capacity.
· DVD-Video main sequence (movie) extraction. StarBurn can re-master the DVD and extract only the movie. This allows you to include just the movie content and without the trailers and advertising from the original DVD. Unwanted video won't be copied, the main movie sequence will be extracted and stored on your hard disk or directly recorded to optical media on-the-fly.
· Audio content processing. StarBurn can store audio tracks as WAV (uncompressed) and WMA (compressed Windows Media Audio) files. You can create extra copies of your audio CD collection and listen directly from your PC hard disk. Or you can load compressed audio into portable player or car audio. StarBurn also is capable of burning WAV and WMA files back to create re-mastered audio CDs. So if you have an old CD-player or car audio that can't play MP3/WMA compressed data you can create an ordinary audio CD from files stored on your hard disk. StarBurn is capable of processing or compressed audio streams on-the-fly. This means it can burn an audio CD from MP3/WMA files without de-compressing them and storing an intermediate copy on your hard disk. This is MUCH faster then doing everything in two steps: first decoding and then actual burning.
· Track-At-Once (TAO) and Disc-At-Once (DAO) (RAW) recording modes. In TAO everything is handled by the drive, application just passes 2048 bytes/sector streams (data) or 2352 bytes/sector streams (audio). With DAO application creates a raw virtual CD image and writes with 2448 (DAO96) or 2368 (DAO16) bytes/sector streams. TAO is the most compatible mode and preferred for data (the only mode to create multisession CDs) and DAO allows ou to create gap-less audio CD, add CD-Text and CD+G information and some additional features.
· El Torito (bootable CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD). With this feature it's trivial to create custom recovery optical media. Use CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD as a very big floppy boot disk.
· DVD9 → 2 DVD-R(+R) convertion. In this mode StarBurn will backup dual layer stamped DVD9 DVD-Video disc into a pair of two DVD single layer recordables. These days a pair of two single layer recordable discs is still cheaper then single double/dual layer recordable. StarBurn will allow you to save quite a lot when making backup of you home DVD-Video collection.

Release notes:
StarBurn Software announces immediate availability of StarBurn V15.0

Version 15.0 introduces a number of improvements and updates:

Virtual CD/DVD/BD drive PnP appear-disappear issue fixed.
Custom ISO image size selection added.
New localization languages added (Hungarian, Italian etc).
Audio codecs support improved.
Multi-selection mechanism added to wizards improved.
Skin engine updated.
More Windows 8 compatibility issues fixed.
New launch pad GUI improved.
BDXL-R/BDXL-RE & M-Disc support improved.
UDF engine updated to consume even less RAM for operations.
Extended attributes & deep directory structure support improved.
Multi-extensions support synchronized with ISO9660 specification.

OS : Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8

Language : Multilanguage

Home Page - http://www.rocketdivision.com

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Enter Serial
3] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL