BreezeBrowser Pro

Do you need a fast and simple way to browse and select from your growing collection of digital photos or to create sophisticated web page image galleries without needing to learn HTML? Perhaps you need to rotate, crop and save your JPEG’s without any loss of quality or work with images in their RAW format. From batch processing to proof sheets , from posting to printing, from file format conversion to batch processing IPTC data or preserving EXIF information during JPEG or TIFF conversion...BreezeBrowser Pro has your solution.

It's a compact and robust downloadable software program that uses a "browser" style interface to present and organize digital images, convert raw images, generate web pages, link geo-tagged images with online maps, produce proofs and contact sheets. BreezeBrowser Pro handles most major digital image formats.

Why Use BreezeBrowser Pro?

BreezeBrowser Pro helps the professional photographer to:

Convert, resize, sharpen and level raw images from Canon, Nikon, Pentax, Olympus, Sony, Fuji and Minolta cameras
Select images for presentation
Generate attractive, captioned web pages with watermarking and online ordering (optional)
Produce contact sheets and proofs (print straight to your printer or print to file)
Batch rename images and managing folders
Caption and edit comments and XMP IPTC data including IPTC subject codes and scenes
Quickly assess large numbers of images

BreezeBrowser Pro also enables photographers to:

Geo-tag images using Google Earth™ and automatically show image locations in Google Earth™ when viewing in BreezeBrowser Pro
Link geo-tagged images to online maps and create web galleries using the GPS template
Compare up to four high resolution images side by side
Rotate JPEG’s with no loss of quality
Display images and shooting data from most major formats and makes of camera(including RAW, JPEG, TIFF)
Display sharp preview images using the unique ‘HQ mode’
Present slideshows on laptop or pc
Adjust date and time for batches or single images
Keyword editor which supports hierarchical lists with synonyms

Platforms Supported: 

Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP

Homepage: http://www.breezesys.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Get valid serial with using of keygen to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
