Plot

In the prologue, a young Max Skinner spends his childhood summer holidays learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle Henry's vineyard estate in Provence in southeastern France. Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical, aggressive, hard-working London-based investment trader. Following his uncle's death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French property. He travels to Provence to prepare a quick sale. Shortly after arriving he knocks a local cafe owner, named Fanny Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving. Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt has landed him in hot water with the UK government and with his firm's directors, necessitating his return to London. To assist in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool. He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal, driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the water supply in retaliation. This delay causes Max to miss his flight and having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week.

On Henry's estate, Max must deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears being separated from his precious vines. Duflot pays a vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines worthless. In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry's previously unknown illegitimate daughter. Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the estate. Worried about being usurped by Kenny, his second-in-command in London (through whom Max continues to direct trades), Max intentionally gives the ambitious young trader bad advice, which gets him fired.

Max becomes enamored with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumored to have sworn off men. He successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves Max the next morning expecting him to return to his life in London. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on and the estate is sold. Max returns to his life in London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers Max a choice: "Money or your life." He must either choose a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or accept the offer of a partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life".

Max chooses the money. He then cleverly invalidates the estate's contract of sale by forging a letter from Henry (as a child he signed cheques for his uncle, therefore being able to replicate his handwriting and signature) confirming that Christie is his daughter and also has a valid claim on the property. He puts his London residence up for sale and returns to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny. Christie also returns and she and Francis now jointly have to run the vineyard while trying to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine production. Meanwhile Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny.


PLEASE SEED !!!
(Thank You)


