- Includes ALL Jurassic Park comics from IDW Publishing! As Follows: 

Jurassic Park - Jurassic Park (AKA Redemption) (5 of 5) 

Jurassic Park - The Devils in the Desert (4 of 4) 

Jurassic Park - Dangerous Games (5 of 5)

**I dont own or take credit for any of the content contained in this torrent, all credit goes to the creator of the comic.**


Jurassic Park - Redemption description:

It's been 13 years since little Tim and Lex Murphy escaped from the island of Isla Sorna, and recent public opinion has reversed, with the world clamoring for authorities to re-open Jurassic Park! With the help of their controversial Granddad's inheritance and their own sharp wits, a secret deal is struck to open a new park! This time they'll get it right... right? Bob Schreck makes his writing debut on this all-new tale. Includes covers from the series by industry legends Frank Miller, Art Adams, Bernie Wrightson, Paul Pope and William Stout!


Jurassic Park - The Devils in the Desert description:

The legendary John Byrne brings his talents to the world of Jurassic Park and the results have never been more terrifying! Sheriff Tobias suddenly has more on his plate than he can handle when he is confronted with numerous cattle mutilations and the disappearance of a local farmer. Tensions escalate as the Feds arrive on the scene and the mysterious predators make their presence known!


Jurassic Park - Dangerous Games description:

It is eleven years after the events of the Jurassic Park movies and CIA agent Daniel Espinoza is working undercover to infiltrate infamously brutal Nicaraguan drug lord Gabriel Cazares' drug ring. Cazares and his henchmen have taken over Isla Nubar and converted the main facility into a walled fortress and pleasure palace in the center of a primeval jungle filled with savage monsters. When his deep cover is blown, Espinoza finds himself lost and alone on the dangerous island, hunted by both armed thugs and prehistoric monstrosities. And there is someone else watching him, tooΓÇöa mysterious figure in the shadows who could be Espinoza's only hope for survival... or the bringer of his ultimate doom.
