Cat Clarke: 3 Novels (YA) - Kindle + ePub


Entangled
The same questions whirl round and round in my head: What does he want from me? How could I have let this happen? AM I GOING TO DIE? Seventeen-year-old Grace wakes up in a white room, with table, pens and paper - and no clue how she got there. As Grace pours her tangled life onto the page, she is forced to remember everything she's tried to forget. There's falling hopelessly in love with the gorgeous Nat, and the unravelling of her relationship with her best friend Sal. But there's something missing. As hard as she's trying to remember, is there something she just can't see? Grace must face the most important question of all. Why is she here? Entangled introduces a new and powerful British voice in YA fiction. The emotional intensity and compulsive plot will grip fans of stories about teen life and love, as well as fans of paranormal fiction.

Torn
Four girls. One dead body. A whole lot of guilt.Alice King isn't expecting the holiday of a lifetime when she sets off with her classmates on a trip to the Scottish wilderness, but she's not exactly prepared for an experience beyond her darkest nightmares... Alice and her best friend Cass are stuck in a cabin with Polly, the social outcast, and Rae, the moody emo-girl. Then there's Tara ΓÇô queen of mean. Powerful, beautiful and cruel, she likes nothing better than putting people down. Cass decides it's time to teach Tara a lesson she'll never forget. And so begins a series of events that will change the lives of these girls forever...A compelling story of guilty secrets, troubled friendship and burgeoning love.

Undone
Jem Halliday is in love with her gay best friend. Not exactly ideal, but she's learning to live with it. Then the unspeakable happens. Kai is outed online ... and he kills himself. Jem knows nothing she can say or do will bring him back. But she wants to know who was responsible. And she wants to take them down. A searing story of love, revenge and betrayal from a bestselling author.


This is a multi-tracker torrent.  Please check your Bit-Torrent client for the true number of seeds.  Enjoy & Please Seed