Bring out the Best in Your Portraits

Portraiture is a Photoshop, Lightroom and Aperture plugin that eliminates the tedious manual labor of selective masking and pixel-by-pixel treatments to help you achieve excellence in portrait retouching. It intelligently smoothens and removes imperfections while preserving skin texture and other important portrait details such as hair, eyebrows, eyelashes etc.

Portraiture features a powerful masking tool that enables selective smoothening only in the skin tone areas of the image. What makes PortraitureΓÇÖs masking tool truly unique is its built-in Auto-Mask feature. It helps you quickly discover most of the skin tone range of the image automatically and, if preferred, you can manually fine-tune it to ensure optimal results, providing unmatched precision and productivity.

For finer control, you can specify the smoothening degree for different detail sizes and adjust the sharpness, softness, warmth, brightness and contrast.

Portraiture comes with pre-defined presets for one-click effects and, as with all Imagenomic plugins, you can capture your own signature workflow in a custom preset tailored to your specific requirements and photographic portfolio.

Portraiture 2 Features
Portraiture 2 not only looks different, it features plenty of improvements under the surface as well.

* Multiprocessor support for maximum retouching speed and workflow performance.
* Enhanced skin masking control that isolates adjustments to just the skin mask, in addition to global adjustments
* Preset power and the flexibility to create, capture and share custom settings with the new Preset Manager.
* New Preference Settings, including customizable latitude adjustments for mask defaults, and User Interface skins and image display preferences.


Operating systems : Windows XP2 / Vista / Windows 7 / Windows 8

Compatible host programs :
Adobe Photoshop CS4 / CS5 / CS6 
Adobe Photoshop Elements 8 / 9 / 10 / 11

Language : English

Homepage :  
http://imagenomic.com/pt.aspx