The Initiation Of Anissa Kate (Harmony Films) (Split Scenes)

Anissa Kate, Sally Charles, Kagney Linn Karter, Adrianna Nicole, Aiden Starr, Brooklyn Lee, Marco Banderas, Tony De Sergio, Steve Holmes, John Strong, Prince Yahshua

Gazzman takes you on a journey around Los Angeles in The Initiation Of Anissa Kate. Dreams come true for the beautiful and talented Anissa Kate, the newest slut on the block. She seeks out her destiny by learning how to fuck her way to the top by enrolling in LA's biggest porn factory. This determined whore is taught all the tricks of the trade - her tight ass is stretched and her pink pussy is fucked raw. The first scene sees Anissa arrive at Los Angeles ready for some hot action. Day one is a masterclass at the porn factory where Anissa is taught how to suck cock as superstar Kagney Linn Karter shows her the ropes in sucking hard and taking balls deep. Anissa sits back and observes before joining in at the end and getting her amazing natural tits covered in hot creamy cum! Day two and Anissa watches as cutie new babe Sally Charles prepares for her first sex scene in which porn king Steve Holmes gives her pretty pink pussy a good pounding. Anissa watches from afar, getting totally turned on as Sally enjoys pulsating cock being pounding into her tight slit. Day three and Anissa is progressing well, so brunette beauty Brooklyn Lee heats things up. She shows her how to tease and seduce the camera. They are joined by stud Tony De Sergio and a threesome erupts. Brooklyn licks Anissa luscious pussy while having her arse fucked hard! Just when you think things canΓÇÖt get any more heated, Anissa sits on her stud's cock, taking it in her pussy and ass! Its day four and the easing in period is over as blonde babe Aiden Starr and sexy Adrianna Nicole push Anissa to the very edge in an explosive lesbian threesome. Can Anissa take on these two fucking bitches? Clits are licked, and asses are lubed and fucked to the max with strap-ons. This is one amazing all girl fuck fest! Finally the last day has arrived. Anissa can graduate from the porn factory with her last challenge - a three men gangbang. Anissa does not disappoint as her wet pussy, tight ass and beautiful face gets fucked hard and fast in a breathtaking foursome!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=dfvq4ruwbl1w5mpu79cj.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=eytd206lkg1ckngaun0p.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=em8wk288r3es1d0r7rvr.jpg