Risen 2: Dark Waters RePack by RG Revenants


Added DLC

 Pirate Apparel
 Treasure Island
 The Temple of Air


Year: April 27, 2012
 Genre: RPG / 3D / 3rd Person
 Developer: Piranha Bytes
 Publisher: Deep Silver
 Publication Type: RePack
 Language: English / Russian
 Sound language: English / Russian
 Crack :SKiDROW

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

 Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7
 Processor: Intel Dual Core 2 GHz / AMD 2.8 GHz
 RAM: 2 GB
 Video: 512 MB with support for Shader 3.0 (NVIDIA 8800 / ATI 2600) or better
 Sound Card: Compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c
 Hard disk space: 5.5 GB


game Risen 2: Dark Waters, devoted to pirate adventures on numerous islands, combines popular classical RPG-mechanics of the original game Risen with a fresh theme. RPG third-person in a dark and gloomy universe Risen 2: Dark Waters maintains the characteristics of the first Risen and offers many options for each task, so each player can choose a path to your liking. Each option will open up job opportunities, ways, abilities and additional skills for the character. Rich interactive environment and a full cycle of day and night, affecting many aspects of the game world? Now that among other things will allow creators to maximize the effect of presence, which is possible only for today.

 Go along with your friends in an epic campaign and release Archipelago Arborea from dark reign Titans. Become a real pirate captain, with the necessary parrot on his shoulder and a monkey on a leash, look for ancient artifacts of the content of voodoo, Razite opponents of powerful firearms and explore the jungle full of dangers and alluring beaches, where nightlife lurkers and untold wealth. The life of a pirate in this world, you'll be pleased.

GAME FEATURES

 Continuation of the popular RPG from the developers of the legendary "Gothic."
 Six large islands where pirates feud with the Inquisition + 1 island in the complement "Treasure Island" - only in the collector's edition!.
 About 80 hours of gameplay in the company with the most notorious thugs Archipelago.
 Vivid dialogues, filled with rough pirate humor.
 Rich crafting system: voodoo dolls from frightening to all imaginable varieties of rum.
 More than 70 active and passive skills.

REPACK FEATURES

 Do not recoded
 Game Version v1.0.1210.0
 DLC:
 Pirate Apparel
 Treasure Island
 The Temple of Air
 Installation time ~ 5-10 minutes
 RePack by RG Revenants