Festo Fluidsim pneumatic and hydraulic 4.2(Cracked)[PORTABLE][Team Nanban]

DESCRIPTION:

This software is used to draw/design electronic pneumatic/hydaulic circits.

FluidSIM® can be used to perform experiments, carry out simulations in real time and prepare lessons. It can also be used as a virtual modular control system and integrated into blended learning concepts. Version 4 features outstanding dynamic simulation, many new components and enhanced didactic material.

The lesson preparation tool

Windows functionality: drag & drop, copy & paste, context-sensitive menus
Copying of text and graphics to Word and PowerPoint
Print preview, scaling and printing in all formats
Integrated slide show: basic circuits, animated sectional views, instructional units, support for many Windows-compatible image and multimedia file formats
Integrated fundamentals for pneumatics and hydraulics on video CD
Realistic simulations in real time

Calculation of pressure build-up and flow rate, current and voltage
Consideration of characteristic data for calculating the pressure drop in valves
Realistic switching times
Calculation of piston acceleration and speed taking into consideration inertia, stiction and sliding friction, leakage and end position cushioning
Proportional and closed-loop-control technology
Digital technology in accordance with Siemens LOGO! Soft
Cylinder and directional control valve configurator
Learn – simulate – apply: 
FluidSIM® in blended learning concepts

User-friendly project administration
Detailed description of all components, in most cases with colour illustrations
Application examples in video CD format
Standard-compliant symbol libraries according to DIN ISO 1219
Integrated learning training program as the ideal complement to Festo's other learning training programs
Variable network licenses or software activation via Internet
Dynamic simulation
The new simulator, which rivals those found in much more expensive professional programs, permits the simulation of dynamic effects such as pressure build-up, inertia, acceleration, stiction and sliding friction. Systems with open-loop and closed-loop control can be simulated.

Circuit diagram creation
The component library has been greatly extended in comparison with Version 3.6. All the components are shown in clearly structured trees. In addition to the enhanced valve configurator, a flexible cylinder configurator is now also available.

Documentation
Flexible, highly detailed diagrams with automatic optimum scaling. Automatic current path numbering, logic element tables, terminal designations and terminal allocation lists in electrical circuits. Function diagram editor and parts list generator.

OPC and EasyPort – open the gateway to the world of 24 volts systems
FluidSIM® can also communicate with other applications. This makes it extremely easy to use FluidSIM® for process simulation.

Didactic material
Extended and updated didactic material. Comprehensive descriptions of the physical/-mathematical models of the components used in FluidSIM®. A detailed learning training program makes it easier to get started with simulation using FluidSIM®.

Mini control system with 16 I/O
Complete mini control system as a logic module with up to 16 inputs and outputs that can access the EasyPort via OPC or directly.

NOTE: THIS PORTABLE VERSION IS A WORK OF TEAM NANBAN/594mgnav. IT WORKS 100%.

PLZ SEED WHILE AND AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"

visit me on- google TEAM NANBAN