#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	04-07-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Dr. Joe Gallenberger, Jerome Corsi

Clinical psychologist with a deep interest in psychokinesis, Joseph Gallenberger, discussed how we can use psychic energy to effect and change our realities, and create the circumstances we need or want. He spoke about his involvement with the Monroe Institute and their Hemi-Sync technology, an auditory stimulation system which helps to synchronize the two brain hemispheres, and facilitate meditation, relaxation and other beneficial states depending on the frequency settings.

Out of these focused meditative states, Gallenberger discovered he could do healing intention, as well as psychokinesis (PK), such as effecting the outcome of a dice roll. He experimented with his abilities to influence matter at casinos in Las Vegas primarily through dice games, and reported that he was quite successful. "The type of energy we want to build for psychokinesis is wide-open heart, grounded to the earth, in touch with spirit, feeling one with everything, feeling really good," he noted, but most people approach casino games feeling greed and fear, and end up getting the exact opposite of what they want.

Beyond the gaming aspect, the idea of being able to project energy to manifest is very useful in such areas as relationships, finances, and health, he remarked. PK and psychic ability have been scientifically proven such as by studies at Princeton, but mainstream science continues to doubt, "because we don't have the smoking gun, the causal chain-- there is resistance," as well close-minded professional skeptics that have the ear of the media and the government, he commented.
ACLU Critique

First hour guest, author Jerome Corsi spoke about his new book Bad Samaritans which deals with the ACLU's effort to separate church and state. The organization is determined to remove God from all aspects of American society, "which ends up being a complete perversion of the 1st amendment," he argued. The Founding Fathers spoke of freedom of religion in the Bill of Rights, not freedom from religion, he continued.

News segment guests: Ryan Mauro, Dr. Leonard Horowitz
Website(s):

    synccreation.com
    1776nation.ning.com

Book(s):

    Inner Vegas: Creating Miracles, Abundance, and Health
    Bad Samaritans

