#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-31-13
Host: 	George Knapp
Guests: 	Robert Bigelow, Dr. Roger Leir

Joining George Knapp in the first half, President of Bigelow Aerospace, Bob Bigelow, broke the news about a new NASA contract involving his company that will pave the way for long term exploration of the solar system. The agreement seeks to combine commercial efforts and public goals, in order to provide facilities to work and live in space, possibly including a lunar base, he explained. Bigelow is already providing the International Space Station with a new inflatable room slated to launch in 2015.

NASA doesn't have enough funding to conduct full space explorations, and one way for them to proceed is to partner with private companies, he said. Bigelow Aerospace is being used as the tool to gather together a number of major aerospace companies in the US, and identify who can contribute what, and at what cost, and then orchestrate various kinds of missions, he continued. Bigelow has announced plans to build a space station that will be ready in 2016, though he is uncertain who its users will be at that juncture. He also talked about issues related to UFO disclosure-- he favors "confirmation" rather than disclosure-- that is, a simple acknowledgment by government that UFOs and ETs do exist, without requiring further explication.

--------------------------

Ufologist Dr. Roger Leir joined the program during the second half to discuss an amazing UFO sighting that was recorded in Kumburgaz, Turkey UFO in 2009 (similar sightings were reported in the area throughout 2007, 2008, and 2009). Dr. Leir, who'd been presenting at a UFO Conference in Istanbul, witnessed the sighting himself, and was with the people who were videotaping it near the Sea of Marmara. At first, the craft appeared to be boomerang-shaped, he said, though what they were seeing might have been a portion of a cylindrical object. In a full-on front view, the 200x optical lens of the camera captured a lot of detail, and intriguingly, in an image analysis by Mario Valdes of Chile, he suggests that alien 'UFO occupants' are visible.

Leir described the occupants as having large heads, and almond-shaped eyes. He speculated that the sightings in this part of Turkey might be so prevalent because there is a large concentration of uranium deposits in the area, and it could be related to something nuclear. While there has been a great deal of media interest in Turkey about the sightings, some have debunked the incident as being caused by a lighthouse, a ship reflecting lights, or other prosaic explanations. Leir also talked about disclosure, citing which countries are more open on the issue, as well as his work removing alien implants. He announced that he has a new book coming out in the next few months that will present scientific details of various implants' anomalous compositions.
Website(s):

    bigelowaerospace.com
    alienscalpel.com
   

Book(s):

    The Aliens and the Scalpel
    UFO Crash in Brazil

