
           -Battery        -


                                                       ,


                                                        bumax[BAFH]


E.Y.E. Divine Cybermancy Blood Games DLC (c) Streum On Studio


    Release Date: 26/04/2013        Protection: Steam

    Cracked By..: BAT-TEAM          # of Files: few


Note:
~~~~~
You do not need any of previous updates installed for this
release. Update v1.37 is included here.


E.Y.E: Blood Games takes you into player competitions with new
and varied maps.

Battle Royal:

- In this round by round competition, the last man standing
  wins. All other participants are enemies!

- You start each round with a random weapon and armor. Your aim
  is to finish the game with the most possible points.

- You get points when you kill an enemy and also, when you are
  the survivor of the round.

- You are free to use one of your existing Avatar, including
  one from the solo.

Some of your PSI and cyber powers are deactivated in this game
mode.

Team Artifact:

- Team competition: In this mode, Jians confront Culters for the
  artifact control. To do that you need to:

  - Take the artifact and carry it to the enemy area.

  - If the artifact is in the enemy area, the round ends. A new
    one will start and players will return to their initial
    positions.

- Each team starts with an amount of resurectors. You win the
  round when the other team runs out of resurectors. There are
  several ways to do it:

  - Carrying the artifact to the enemy area.

  - Killing an enemy.

  - Hacking special interfaces.

At the beginning of the game, choose your team and character
class.


     1. Unpack release.
     2. Install the DLC.
     3. Copy the content from /Crack directory to the
         directory of the game, overwriting the
        existing files.
     4. Enjoy! ;)


               WE DONT WANT ANYONE TO CONTACT US!
                   WE CONTACT YOU IF NEEDED!
         WEB: NEVER         - IRC: NEVER         - EMAIL: NEVER


         Greetings to all of our friends around scene!


                                    NFO UPDATED 13/11/2007
[/pre]