#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-21-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Frank Joseph Hoff, Dr. Carolyn Dean

In the first half, researcher of ancient mysteries, Frank Joseph Hoff, spoke about his contention that Atlantis is located on land under the South China Sea near Indonesia, based on the work of the late Brazilian geologist Arysio Santos. A continent that contained Lemuria was damaged around 74,000 years ago from volcanic eruptions, and the residents rebuilt their civilization over the next 60,000 years into what was known as Atlantis, he outlined. They were a seafaring trading empire, with their capital city using the Lombak Strait which connects the Java Sea to the Indian Ocean, he continued. The word Atlantis, first used by Plato, actually refers to the opposite side of the world from Europe, he noted.

Atlantis was known for having huge elephants and at the Bandung Museum in Indonesia, there are fossil skeletons of giant elephants, close to the size of woolly mammoths, Hoff added. He also talked about the Indonesian Gunung Padang Pyramid Mountain (related images), which may date as far back as 14,000 to 16,000 years ago, according to carbon testing. Geologist Andang Bachtiar, a member of the Indonesian Task Force that studies ancient ruins in Indonesia, briefly joined the show, and reported there is evidence for a devastating ancient tsunami.

-------------------------------------

Both a medical doctor and naturopath, Carolyn Dean, appeared in the second half, to discuss how Americans are chronically deficient in magnesium, and the numerous health problems related to that. Magnesium is involved in many important functions in the body, such as producing cellular energy, and muscle and nerve actions. But numerous pharmaceutical products and drugs end up depleting magnesium levels including antibiotics, antacids, antidepressants, statins, and anti-inflammatory medications. Low magnesium in the body can be associated with a host of problems including cramps, spasms, seizures, insomnia, migraines, depression, chronic fatigue, impaired memory, and hyperactivity in children, she said.

A number of foods are naturally high in magnesium such as kelp, wheat germ & bran, cashews, almonds, Brewer's Yeast, buckwheat, Brazil nuts, and millet. Aside from nuts, seeds, seaweed, and grains, magnesium supplements can also be taken, ideally smaller doses at staggered times, she advised. However, many people get an unwanted laxative effect from the supplements, in which case she recommends taking a bath in Epsom salt, which draws out toxins, and increases magnesium levels in the body. People can find out if they have lowered magnesium by taking the RBC Magnesium blood test, she added.

News segment guests: Jerome Corsi, Mitch Battros
Website(s):

    atlan.org
    drcarolyndean.com

Book(s):

    Atlantis, The Lost Continent Finally Found
    The Magnesium Miracle

