Glass Tower Series (1-3) by Adler and Holt in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Champagne Showers (Glass Towers #1) by Adler and Holt (December 4th 2012)

Beautiful small-town interior decorator Danielle Austen-Pyne had finally rid herself of her charismatic two-timing husband Bradley Pyne. While she has sworn off men, Danielle secretly retains her romantic ideals about love and marriage. 

HARRISON TOWERS, an enigmatic mega mogul, however, has turned his own romantic loss into a coldly cynical attitude about relationships and women. This sexual master has vowed to keep his relationships strictly physical with no strings attached. 

This powerful business tycoon is about to break all of Danielle Austen’s rules and his own, as they embark on an intensely erotic and passionate, no-strings attached relationship. 

As Danielle gets closer to Harrison Towers, she quickly learns being in Harrison’s world is not all glamour when power, lust, money, greed and danger present themselves at every angle and threatens to tear them apart.

This book is intended for mature audiences.

Book 2: Shattered (Glass Towers #2) by Adler and Holt (January 13th 2013)

It’s official; Harrison Towers is engaged to Marion Devereaux. 
Danielle struggles to pick up the pieces of her shattered life after her steamy affair with the enigmatic mogul comes to a screeching halt. She chastises herself for letting her guard down and tries to suppress her feelings for the man who possessed her body and stole her heart.

Making matters worse, Danielle finds herself the victim of a mysterious stalker, who seems to know her every move. Caught in a tangled web of danger, money and power, Danielle begins to despair, as escape seems impossible. 

Meanwhile, things are not exactly what they seem with Harrison and Marion. Harrison’s insatiable appetite for Danielle may not have been extinguished with the announcement of his upcoming nuptials. Refusing to accept her resignation from the HQ decorating project, Harrison ensures that Danielle is not entirely out of his grasp. 

Will Harrison and Danielle be able to keep their hands off each other, or will they rekindle the fire that burned between them? Will their connection be strong enough to see them through the journey on which fate has set them, or will meddling forces come between them?

Book 3: Surrendered (Glass Towers #3) by Adler and Holt (March 11th 2013)

NEWLY UPDATED VERSION! Enjoy the newly revised and additionally edited version, with a little sneak peek at the end!

The chemistry between them is undeniable. He captivated her from the first moment she laid eyes on him.

While fate brought the small-town interior designer, Danielle Austen, and the sexy mogul, Harrison Towers, together, their pasts continue to threaten their future together. 

Their passion fuels their fire, while the couple continues to overcome the hurdles between them. Danielle has finally broken through Harrison’s aloof, controlling exterior. However, his devious, jilted ex-lover, Marion Devereaux, continues to threaten Danielle’s safety and seems to have help from someone close to Danielle. 

Will Harrison and Danielle be able to face these challenges together? Will their love be enough to conquer Marion’s evil plots? Will they get their storybook ending, or will Marion have her revenge? 

This book is intended for mature audiences.


Seed and Enjoy!