Second in a Series of 4 Programs: "The Dance for Love"┬⌐ The Second 36 Elements of Spiritual Mastery: The Inner Keys to the Lower, Middle & Higher God-Worlds. Recorded in Greece & Cyprus, May 2002.

Reviews Dance for Life before moving into "Awakening the God-Force Within" and the 12 Vehicles, the 12 Postures and the 12 Responsibilities of Spiritual Mastery.

Introduces the Codes of Passage - the Signs, Seals and Scepters (Vehicles, Postures and Master Keys). The God-Seed, the "Inner Earth" and Trion-Meajhe Time Matrices, the Ecka Map of the God-World gates, Star gates-Locks-Cruxansataea and the Halls of Amenti Star Gates.

Introduction to Radial-Body Creation - Sculpting Intention, the Scepter Rods & Staff, the God-World Codes: ReushA, Eckasha-A, Eckasha-Aah, Reushayana and Rashayana and ManU "Inner Earth Code" and Immanu "Blood Code" Vecas-Lehaia, Reushia, Shahaia, Ur-immanU, ThUn-immanU & Or-immanU.

Focuses on Veca Code techniques for activation of the Phase 2 ImmanU Eckasha Merkaba, the Lehaia & UrimmanU Codes, the Psonn of Khem A Lo HA Tea, Amenti Meditation Voyage Projection, Seurias Bowing Willow, Swaying Reed, Quaking mountain and Master Se'Ur-1, the Dance of Camelot-Returning to Love: the 6 Upper Body Electrical Seuria Wave Run and Rod-Encoding.

Metatronic materials present an expose within the occult teachings of so-called "gods" Osiris, Horus, Thoth, Isis, Enoch, the associated creeds of "YHWH", the "Tetragrammaton", "Merlin", etc. etc. Discover the hidden realities and truths behind Metatron's Cube, and Metatron's Atom within the forbidden context of the Ancient Eyes of the God-Head and the "Eyes" of Brahman, "YHWH", "Elohim", "Anubis" and the "Dragon"; their relationship to the ancient polytheistic "gods" of Sumeria, Israel, Egypt, Yucatan, Mongolia, India, Rome & Greece and the hidden intimate association with Christian, Islamic, Hebrew and Eastern religious traditions.

Explore the "Mysteries" of Osirus, Urantia, "Archangel" Michael and the 'Un-Godly' Wesedaks races and the ongoing effects on our Life Field. This presentation reveals PLAN A & PLAN B, and exposes the technologies of the "Turnstiles", the BeaST, the "Polarization Wave", the Judgement Day Prophecies of the "Atlantian Script", Pre-Birth Soul Agreements, the Custodial Land Entrustments shared with Mother Earth Soul and the 3 Paths of Genesis right ahead.

