#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-28-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Linda Moulton Howe, Barrie Schwortz

Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed the loud mystery booms that are persisting with intensity, the Monarch butterflies annual migration numbers declining and their possible extinction, and speculation that the function of the strange, 'alien' Gobekli Tepe excavation has to do with the recycling of souls.

In just five days between March 13 and March 17, 2013 hundreds of loud "bone-rattling, house-shaking" boom reports were made by residents to 911 and other local authorities in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Alabama, southern California, southern Illinois, Idaho and Kentucky. Then on the afternoon of March 19, in New Jersey's Atlantic, Cape May and Cumberland Counties, "multiple earthquake-like tremors rattled homes and offices," but USGS said there was no seismic event recorded. She spoke with Louisville, KY resident Eddie Lashley who described a March 17th event in which he experienced a sound unlike he'd ever heard before that knocked picture frames off the wall, and sent his dogs running for cover under the bed. After the incident, he received phone calls from friends as far as 50 miles away who'd also experienced the boom. Anna Hoaglan of Woodland Hills, CA talked to Linda and described an odd explosive sound like glass breaking that she heard at her home on March 7th, yet there was no broken glass anywhere. Linda shared an email from a retired electronics engineer who suggested that the sounds being heard are coming from the Earth itself, and reflect changes deep inside the core. More here.

Since 1994, there has been a steady decline of Monach butterfly migrations, and this winter of 2012-2013, scientists reported the lowest number of monarchs in Mexico on record - only 2.9 acres. And it is Mexico where the butterflies need to lay their eggs on milkweed for their young larvae to eat before changing into Monarchs. The unthinkable is now possible: Monarch extinction. She interviewed Professor of Biology, Chip Taylor, the Founder and Director of Monarch Watch. He told her that Canada, the U. S. and Mexico have expanded GMO corn and soybean acreages filled with herbicides that kill milkweed and consequently kill the natural cycle of Monarchs. Prof. Taylor is working with other scientists to get the three nations to create milkweed sanctuaries in home backyards, city parks and national forests to save the Monarchs. More.

In a two-part report, she spoke with UK author Andrew Collins who recently published the article Gobekli Tepe: Its Cosmic Blueprint Revealed. The mysterious excavation at Gobekli Tepe, in southeast Turkey, has revealed a temple complex built some 7,000 years before Stonehenge and the Great Pyramid. Collins suggested that certain large standing stones in the complex are linked by one specific circular wall that aims at the brightest star Deneb in the Cygnus Constellation, which sits at the opening of the Dark Rift in the Milky Way Galaxy. This has provoked him to speculate that the function of the temple complex has to do with the recycling or transferring of souls. One of the startling discoveries at the site is a carving of a vulture-like bird with a wing outstretched toward a circle. Later used in Egypt, the symbol of the vulture and circle related to stripping flesh from the bones of the dead and the recycling of souls from Earth to the afterlife and back again. Further details and photos here.
Shroud of Turin Update

First hour guest, researcher and photographer Barrie Schwortz talked about the history and meaning of the Shroud of Turin-- a linen cloth that many believe was the burial shroud of Jesus. He also reacted to a new report by Giulio Fanti, a professor of mechanical and thermal measurement at Padua University, that the Shroud fabric does indeed date back to the time of Jesus. While Schwortz was pleased to hear positive news about the Shroud, after many claims that it's a forgery, he said there were questions as to whether Fanti had access to a valid sample of the cloth for testing. What do you believe about the Shroud? Check out ourpoll.

News segment guests: Ryan Mauro, Chris Conrad, David Blume
Website(s):

    earthfiles.com
    shroud.com
    schwortz.com

Book(s):

    Mysterious Lights and Crop Circles
    Glimpses of Other Realities, Volume 2
    The Turin Shroud: Illustrated Evidence

