Artist: O'Brother
Release: Garden Window
Discogs: 3332781
Released: 2011-01-09
Label: Triple Crown Records
Catalog#: 3153
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: US
Style: Rock, 

Tracklisting:

01. Malum (3:14)
02. Lo (3:43)
03. Sputnik (2:50)
04. Poison! (7:46)
05. Lay Down (5:29)
06. Easy Talk (Open Your Mouth) (6:47)
07. Machines Part I (3:03)
08. Machines Part II (3:04)
09. Bear (6:07)
10. Cleanse Me (13:59)
11. Last Breath (7:02)

Credible hard rock is a tough find these days. Music that has real lyrical, technical and compositional depth is rare, which is why Garden Window, the debut full-length album from Atlanta quintet O’Brother, is such a find. Genre-defying without being confused, experimental without being obtuse, intelligent without being pretentious and musically on the money, Garden Window is an epic debut. Enlisting the production talents of Mike Sapone (Brand New, The Xcerts, Taking Back Sunday) and Manchester Orchestra’s Andy Hull and Robert McDowell, O’Brother have created an album that offers the real depth that is missing from a lot of music these days.

Malum is a dark, heavy opener, that far from easing you in, crashes down on your like an epic wave. It leads the listener into Lo, a deceptively tuneful, slightly frantic and melancholic song that sounds like the best song Queens of the Stone Age never wrote. Where O’Brother’s skill lies is in balancing on the edge of boundary-pushing and accessible. Tracks like Lo and Sputnik, which features a vocal cameo from Andy Hull alongside O’Brother’s frontman Tanner Merritt, are catchy and melodic, flirting with a more mainstream sound. Similarly, Lay Down may be brooding and dark, but its decrescendos lure you in and stay in your head. This is a band that is equally able to lead you through unexpected and strange musical territory as it is of nailing a killer hook.

O’Brother use rhythmic tribal chants and drums with lyric repetition to great effect, and tracks like Easy Talk (Open Your Mouth) and Poison! are nothing but hypnotic. Tracks that last the length of four regular songs can often feel indulgent, but somehow the 14 minute Cleanse Me works with its sludgy sound, instrumental middle and epic finish. Last Breath is a fitting end for this album. Breathy, quiet and beautiful with Merritt’s voice whispering and an otherworldly choral refrain, it is almost an experimental rock lullaby.

The album ebbs and flows, taking you from epic head banging noise to quiet, mysterious moments led by perfect instrumental tempo and Merritt’s haunting vocals (often on the same track). Somehow, for a band that seems to pull from a chaotic blend of genres, there is no lack of cohesion on the album. The eleven tracks make sense together and it demands to be listened to in order, from start to finish. This is a lesson in the art of the album. Booming drums, distorted guitars, spine-tingling feedback and driving bass fused with a voice that stays with you long after you stop listening; Garden Window is a work of art.