    nerv
    /sac
     
    RELEASE
    iNFOS
     
    Demolition Inc. incl. Update and DLC
    (c) Zeroscale
     
    Release date: 28/04/2013          Protection: Steam
    Files: 11x10.00MB                Language: Multilangual
     
    RELEASE
    NOTES
     
    Demolition, Inc. is a new action strategy game: Assume the role of
    the daring demolition worker Mike and start a devastating chain
    reaction on earth. Use cool tools and weapons and expand your
    destructive powers
     
    Navigate Mike's UFO over cities of earth and unfold complete chaos
    with your tools and weapons: Cars which drive into tower blocks and
    let them collapse, high-rises which fall onto other high-rises, and
    exploding cows which let whole streets of houses come tumbling down
     
    Demolition, Inc. is 100% physics technology: nothing is
    predetermined, and nothing is pre-animated. Only you make a
    determination what you do and what you see Every time you play
    will have a unique experience.
     
    Features:
     
    - Ground-breaking technology - Car and building physics are fully
    simulated. Everything is destructible and nothing is pre-animated.
    No game round is like the other.
    - Combining action and strategy - Use the endless possibilities of
    combining your tools and weapons to make devastating chain
    reactions. Only this way you can manage to tear down whole cities
    before the army arrives
    - Tools and Weapons - Use you tractor beam to take control of cars,
    place anti-gravity ramps to maximize damage, use the huge wrecking
    ball to make way. Improve your skills on the way and unlock
    breathtaking and crazy new tools and weapons
    - Exciting levels - Three cities and 15 districts are awaiting to be
    demolished by you and lead to their true destination
    - Campaign mode - Fulfill your mission and destroy on city after the
    other. By cunning use of your tools and weapons you will turn
    district after district to rubble
    - Rampage mode - Limitless destruction. Go mayhem with all your
    tools and weapons you have unlocked. The level is your playground
    and you experience new breathtaking scenes of destruction anew over
    and over again.
    - Online high scores - Compare your skills with those of your
    friends and the world-wide steam community. Play against the clock
    or try to make as many points as possible by demolishing districts
    in a creative way
     
    About the DLC
     
    Play the brand new Back to Work campaign with 21 new levels.
    Unleash the chaos with 3 new special destruction tools. Make cars
    fly, control swarms of cars and start asteroid hails. Unlock 10 new
    achievements. Do all this with the freshly updated Demolition Inc.
    engine with the new Workshop compatible editor, new tutorial
    levels, better physics and more realistic vehicle simulation. And
    dont forget to visit the new Black Cow Market to get helpful tools
    and enhancements for your UFO.
     
    -  New campaign with 21 levels
    -  3 new special weapons (usable in editor)
    -  5 new building types (usable in editor)
    -  10 new achievements
    -  Play all this with the freshly updated engine
     
    Just Updated:
     
    - Gamepad support: play the game on your TV with Big Picture Mode
    and a controller
    - New tutorial levels: improved learning curve for new players
    - Black Cow Market: get help when you are stuck and buy enhancements
    for your UFO
    - New vehicles: vehicle AI improved and new vehicle types with
    different behaviours
    - Improved physics simulation: better performance and accuracy
     
    http://store.steampowered.com/news/?feed=steamupdates&appids=98600
     
    1. Unzip & Unrar
    2. Run Setup.exe (at the end select "Run setup.bat")
    3. Have Fun
     
    NOTES
     
    Ripped: -
     
    Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian
     
    can be changed into Game Menu
     
    Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT
     
    ALiAS GREETS
     
    DiViNE  -  RELOADED  -  0x0007
    RESTORE -  LZ0 - 0x0815 - PROFiT
    PROPHET -  CYGNUS  -  HI2U
     
    .. ASCii DOPE BY ..
     
    NERV/SAC 