Law & Order: Legacies V1.1.6 PLUS Ep 2-7

PLAY THE SHOW as police, investigating crimes; and then as district attorneys, prosecuting the offenders.

JOIN A DREAM TEAM CAST of fan-favorite investigators and prosecutors from multiple Law & Order franchises, including Olivia Benson, Lennie Briscoe, Rey Curtis, Jack McCoy and many more.

DISCOVER MULTIPLE ENDINGS with innovative court room game play based on your moral decisions: convict, plea bargain, or find the defendant not guilty!

INVESTIGATE 7 standalone cases that also piece together a season-wide mystery.

Episode 1: Revenge
A maid at a five-star hotel is found murdered. Benson and Curtis investigate, uncovering a conspiracy involving hackers and powerful media magnates.

Episode 2: Home to Roost
A 1999 case. A man collapses on his own doorstep, with a large wound to his femoral artery. Briscoe and Curtis trace the crime to a group of gamblers and a lucrative underground cock-fighting ring.

Episode 3: Killer Smart
In 2011, Mike Logan calls the 27th with a problem. He’s been investigating dumped bodies found along a lonely stretch of road in Long Island. The victims are all prostitutes, taken from somewhere in Manhattan.

Episode 4: Nobody’s Child
On New Year's Eve, 1999, the battered body of a boy is discovered in an alley. The investigation reveals a case of shocking abuse…along with criminal indifference in high places.

Episode 5: Ear Witness
2011. A boy and his mother are walking to the market late one night when she is inexplicably gunned down. The boy survives, but can’t identify her attacker – he’s blind. Can he identify the suspect by voice alone, and will it stand up in court?

Episode 6: Side Effects
In 1999, a murder at an upscale prep school reveals a conspiracy among the parents and staff to keep another crime quiet. Briscoe and Curtis discover the victim has intriguing connections to the Preppy Jogger case.

Episode 7: Resolution
During an anti-Wall Street protest, a businessman is seen being pushed off a bridge. When cops find the body, a suicide note mentions several pieces of key evidence in the Preppy Jogger case. 