This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - More Greatest Hits Of The Monkees (1982)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51YZJN8KVSL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000008IKD

Track List:

01. Take A Giant Step
02. Mary, Mary
03. Sometime In The Morning
04. Cuddly Toy
05. Randy Scouse Git
06. Words
07. Valleri
08. You Just May Be The One
09. The Girl I Knew Somewhere
10. Saturday's Child
11. Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)
12. For Pete's Sake (Closing Theme)
