Symantec Encryption Desktop Enterprise

Symantec™ Encryption Desktop, Powered by PGP Technology is a security tool that uses cryptography to protect your data against unauthorized access. Symantec Encryption Desktop protects your data while being sent by email or by instant messaging (IM). It lets you encrypt your entire hard drive or hard drive partition (on Windows systems)—so everything is protected all the time—or just a portion of your hard drive, via a virtual disk on which you can securely store your most sensitive data.

You can use it to share your files and folders securely with others over a network. It lets you put any combination of files and folders into an encrypted, compressed package for easy distribution or backup. Finally, use Symantec Encryption Desktop to shred (securely delete) sensitive files—so that no one can retrieve them—and shred free space on your hard drive, so there are no unsecured remains of any files.

Disk, Volume, & File Protection
PGP Desktop Professional includes PGP Whole Disk Encryption to lock down the entire contents of a laptop, desktop, external drive, or USB flash drive, including boot sectors, system, and swap files. Pre-boot authentication is enforced and the always-on encryption is transparent to the user, automatically protecting data. Volume and file encryption provides an added layer of security to protect sensitive data while the system is powered on.

PGP-Protected Messaging
PGP Desktop Professional provides email and instant messaging (IM) encryption between AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) users with PGP Desktop to enable confidential communications. Policy-based enforcement simplifies security, providing transparent operation with no additional user requirements.

Flexible Deployment Options
PGP Desktop Professional can be rapidly deployed in standalone mode in smaller companies or to critical users within a larger enterprise. As security requirements evolve, organizations can easily migrate existing users to a centralized, managed architecture without changes to user behavior or credentials and add new encryption functionality to existing deployments, as needed.

PGP Encryption Platform–Enabled
The PGP Encryption Platform provides a strategic enterprise encryption framework for shared user management, policy, and provisioning automated across multiple, integrated encryption applications. As a PGP Encryption Platform–enabled application, PGP Desktop Professional leverages PGP Universal Server users, keys, and configurations, expediting deployment and policy enforcement. PGP Desktop Professional can be used in combination with other PGP encryption solutions to provide multiple layers of security.

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.symantec.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Trial licence already included with installation, replace licence with given name and serial.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
