Arrow S01E22 XviD [JKS]
.
Video
XviD
Length: 41:57
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 404
Data rate: 1223kbps
Total bitrate: 1351kbps
Frame rate: 29f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 129kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2193021/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrow_(TV_series)
Official: http://www.cwtv.com/shows/arrow
.
Arrow is an American action-adventure television series developed by Greg Berlanti, Marc Guggenheim, and Andrew Kreisberg. It is based on the fictional superhero Green Arrow, a costumed crime-fighter who appears in comic books published by DC Comics. It premiered in North America on The CW on October 10, 2012, with international broadcasting to take place in late 2012. The series follows billionaire playboy Oliver Queen, portrayed by Stephen Amell, who, after five years of being stranded on a hostile island, returns home to fight crime and corruption as a secret vigilante whose weapon of choice is a bow and arrows. Arrow will also feature appearances by other DC Comics characters. To assist in promotion, a preview comic book was released to tie into the television series.
On October 22, 2012, Arrow was picked up by The CW for a full season. On February 11, 2013, Arrow was renewed for a second season by The CW.
.
Arrow Season 1 Episode 22
Title: Darkness on the Edge of Town  Directed by: John Behring  Written by: Drew Z. Greenberg & Wendy Mericle Original air date: May 8, 2013
...
Malcolm Merlyn, in his archer costume, goes to Unidac Industries to tie up loose ends by murdering scientists that worked on the seismic device that will be used to level the Glades. Oliver and Diggle devise a plan where Diggle dresses as the vigilante and kidnaps Oliver and Moira in an attempt to uncover the truth about the Undertaking. The plan works and Oliver, Felicity, and Diggle break into Merlyn Global to hack the mainframe and find the device. Oliver convinces Tommy to get back together with Laurel, but when he learns that he could give up being the vigilante if he stops the Undertaking, Oliver decides to reconcile with Laurel himself; later, Tommy witnesses Oliver and Laurel having sex. That night, Diggle goes after the device, but Malcolm learns of the system hack and has the device moved. The vigilante attempts to kill Malcolm, who reveals to the vigilante that he is the other archer; the two fight and Malcolm gets the upper hand, discovering Oliver's secret. Meanwhile, Walter reveals that he knew that Moira was part of his kidnapping and gives her divorce papers as a result. In a flashback, Fyers reveals that he plans to cripple the Chinese economy by blowing up aircrafts going into China. Fyers then murders Yao Fei after forcing him to take credit for the attacks via video recording. 
