This book is written from a CHRISTIAN WORLD VIEW.  If you are not a Christian, or if you are hostile to Christianity, then you will not enjoy this book so please don't buy it!
      Preparedness for 'The End of the World as We Know it' 
The Harbinger of doom has emerged with evil predictions regarding the future and left you thinking about developing the habit of preparedness.  You are at a cross roads wondering how to begin without killing yourself trying to prep for practically everything at once.The recipe for power to survive TEOTWAWKI (The End of the World as We Know it) AND provide a normal future begins when you start to consider your options and formulate a game plan.  You don't want to live through a disaster only to find you have forgotten the rules of healthy eating, added a twenty pound wheat belly and another ten pounds from a sweet tooth.  If the life you have disappears like smoke you want to build a new life that
is even better.  Preppers develop the pioneer spirit that is always looking
for a better way to get the job done without coming unglued in the process.  Your
personal journey to a future better prepared to provide the essentials you consider necessary for a safe and comfortable life is your responsibility. 
     The secret is to begin.
       In this beginners survival guide the first three chapters deal with self-definition,
self-discipline, and self-reliance from a Christian view point. Knowing who you
really are helps you launch into every day with
confidence, whether it is an average day or a day that rockets you out of your
comfort zone. Within the boundaries of 'who you are' and 'your own self-imposed
guidelines' the reader is encouraged to set new patterns of self-reliance now and
for the future.
     The rest of the book is simple practical solutions for being
better prepared for everyday including days without natural disasters. 
     'Day to Day Prepping' encourages
preppers to start prepping for each day and week right now.  Make things go a little smoother by planning a
weeks worth of meals in advance.
     'Surviving the Storm gives tips for
living through a storm or other disaster safely and comfortable.
     'Leave Your Home Temporarily
Disasters' 
     'Camping Basics' - the perfect way to
have a good time and prep for extended time away from your real home

       'A TRUE Story of Farm Life - My Grandparents'
is helpful if you are actually considering primitive farm life. 
     'Barter and Trade' is discussed as a
real way to provide some basics or luxuries for yourself and your family without
actually spending money.

     The goal is to live a pleasant and
productive life today, get through economic, natural, or manmade disasters safely and without
needing rehab by the time things return to normal.