My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 4

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 1 - High school friends

Despite strict, conventional sub continental upbringings, Jessie and Biswa love nothing more than fashion, dancing, champagne and fine dining.

Ask these girls, regulars at Sydney nightspots such as Ivy and Bungalow 8, if they run with the in crowd and their response is unabashed. "This is the in crowd," says Biswa, laughing and motioning to herself and Jessie. "Everybody wants to hang out with us."

It's clear these are two girls with confidence to burn. "People usually think we're total dumb arses, but we don't care. We know who we are and we know what we want," says Jessie.

Jessie, 25 and Biswa, 23, met at Randwick Girls High in Year 8 and have been friends ever since. With Jessie's family from Bangladesh and Biswa's from India, there were certain expectations on them, but in the other they recognised a kindred spirit.

"We don't have many friends that are girls. We've always had problems with that, especially from within our community," says Jessie.

Biswa adds, "Our parents are, ‘Oh, look at that girl she's doing medicine.' We're like, ‘Why don't you adopt her?' Does she look as good as me? No.'" They collapse into unison giggles.

"We're straightforward. Like, if you don't take us with a pinch of salt you will probably hate us," says Jessie. "We're quite upfront about how we feel about things. Like, we're quite opinionated."

The girls love to go out to high-end restaurants but both have been cooking since they were young and love it.

"You cook for your family and you eat and it's a perfect moment, when everything tastes fantastic and everyone's enjoying it," says student Jessie. "I'd rather cook something than eat and I'm looking at everyone's faces at the table saying, ‘Does it taste good? Tell me more.'"

They haven't travelled all that much but are planning a big European trip in the future.

"It's because our parents don't let us go! Our parents are like, get married, have babies," adds Biswa, who works as an assistant sales manager for a linen supply company.
They do, though, see themselves married and settled in 10 years' time. "But," says Biswa, "It's a big desire of ours to go to Europe and eat the food first!"