
 
http://apkzone.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Meme-Generator-Banner.jpg


About 324 Downloads
Version: 1.862
Size: 28 MB
Required: Android 2.1 and up
Release time: 2013-03-09
Developers: ZomboDroid Software
 
http://auctions.eliteturnkey.com/jan/89/description.gif

With this app you can create the funniest memes. You can save the created meme or share it with your friends viaTwitter, E-mail, Bluetooth, Dropbox, Picasa... The images are saved in high resolution, which means that your memes will look great despite the fact that they were edited on a phone.

You can ADD A CUSTOM PICTURE! If you can't find the right meme for you, just add a custom picture and create a meme yourself!

When you enter the application you see a beautiful SEARCHABLE list with previews which lets you select your desired meme. In the editing screen you will see 2 input fields. Insert the top and bottom text and save or share your meme. The application can also provide you with some examples so you get the right idea for this specific meme. You can also create a list of your favorite memes!

You can choose from more than 420 memes. You will be able to choose Advice Dog, 1990s Problems, Anti Joke Chicken, Bad Luck Brian, Brace yourselves, Bear Grylls, Business Cat, Courage Wolf, Foul Bachelor Frog, Butthurt Dweller, Over 9000, Good Guy Greg, Hipster Kitty, Ancient Aliens, Yao Ming, Third world success kid, Boromir, Baby Godfather, Bad luck Brian, McKayla Is Not Impressed, Conspiracy Keanu, Gangnam Style, Neil DeGrasse, Idiot nerd girl, Confucius says, That Escalated Quickly, Ridiculously Photogenic Guy, Slowpoke, Friend zone Fiona, Philosoraptor, Scumbag Steve, Vengeance Dad, Xzibit, Woody and Buzz, College Freshman, Sweet Brown, Condescending Wonka... And many many more!

Ten reasons why this app is better than the others:
1. It doesn't tag the created memes!
2. No annoying pop-up windows that tell you to buy something.
3. Big selection of images and multiple captions.
4. WORKS OFFLINE!
5. High resolution images.
6. You can ADD A CUSTOM PICTURE!
7. Beautiful searchable list and favorites!
8. NO ADS!
9. APP2SD
10. Over 420 memes to choose from!

DISCLAIMER: Pictures and captions in this app do not redeem the opinions of the ZomboDroid Team. Most of the pictures and captions are user submitted or found on other web pages. DonΓÇÖt give bad reviews because you find a picture and captions offensive ΓÇô we just provide the requested pictures to our users. ZomboDroid did not create any of the images or captions in this app ΓÇô the internet did

Screenshots:
 
https://lh6.ggpht.com/THB1QxCgeh7lAN4tyvMuUc_Ria2fnXNNYquLOftr_RrYZLuwpFg3onsbiqTHk5qpyA 
https://lh5.ggpht.com/-pubu0nFNJ-X_OtCOfaZwxVpzb2a-vm4PJI-OcVMu2lZs2VW2b2HUkpFN7tkrAbf8Q 
https://lh6.ggpht.com/K4lrP1SyJV3PV_JODl2oFQaQNlnjWHuAuoJ3EN4IiIHUETeLcRdvpoDmB9hDbAmLLVI 
https://lh5.ggpht.com/8nv-WlIFyvudDDywjWGlNoJjKTNGRlWNVsS1fBJnI-QK1CoTeQvkJMOrR0FKo4mhR5E-
