PC Cleaner Pro – a program to optimize and clean your system. PC Cleaner is very fast search and removal of unwanted and unused files, freeing space on your hard disk and allows you to run Windows faster.

 
We believe computers are meant to speed things up, not slow things down, so you can work smarter and faster. That’s why we engineered PC Cleaner to provide outstanding antivirus and antispyware protection, and PC optimization tools that works quietly and efficiently, without slowing your PC down like other bloated security products.
 
Registry Cleaner
PC Cleaner will remove unused and old entries, including File Extensions, ActiveX Controls, ClassIDs, ProgIDs, Uninstallers, Shared DLLs, Fonts, Help Files, Application Paths, Icons, Invalid Shortcuts and more.
 
Increase Your PC’s Performance
PC optimization is the quickest way to adjust your system settings at once. PC Cleaner will analyze your system & adjust your PC to function at its maximum performance.
 
Boost Your PC’s Speed
PC Cleaner uses recommeneded tweaks to help boost your PC speed and overall system performance. You could have faster downloads, uploads, web surfing and more.
 
Certified Virus + Spyware Protection
Certified Virus + Spyware Protection PC Antivirus Pro will scan your complete system for malicious threats including: viruses, spyware,. rogue programs, trojans, adware, rootkit, dialers, worms, parasites and other potentially harmful programs that may be installed on your computer.
 
Security Defense
PC Cleaner will scan and check for windows vulnerablities within Windows system. Windows Update is a service provided by Microsoft. Security updates or critical updates protect against vulnerabilities to malware and security exploits.
 
Clean Your System
In using a computer from day to day you’re going to accumulate system clutter. You can significantly increase your PC performance & stability by removing these files.
 
Privacy Protection
PC Cleaner is designed to protect you by cleaning up all the unwanted history data on your computer which could also put you at risk of identity theft.
 
Internet Optimizer
PC Cleaner will automatically adjust your internet connections to increase super fast web surfing, faster downloads including: music, movies games and video downloads.
 
System Optimizer
PC System Optimizer is the fastest way to adjust all your system settings at once. The PC Optimizer works by determining what type of PC you have and what programs you have installed. Then it will adjust system settings so that your machine will function at its maximum capacity.
 
Memory Optimizer
PC Cleaner will optimize your memory and recover wasted memory (RAM), space and improve system performance.
 
Startup Manager
Startup Manger allows you control of what programs are launched when you start your computer. You can disable unnecessary programs that are slowing you down.
 
Uninstall Manager
This feature lets you easily uninstall applications that you don’t want you your computer.
 
BHO Manager
Stabilize your browser and speed up web efficiency by managing Browser Helper Objects and Plugins.
 
ActiveX Manager
Many ActiveX controls are actually beneficial, but malicious programs frequently use ActiveX controls in order to embed themselves on your system through browser security exploits or compromised security settings. PC Cleaner’s definition database contains a comprehensive list of malicious ActiveX objects, which will be automatically loaded to the blocked list. This file is updated continuously by our definitions team.
 
Duplicate File Remover
PC Cleaner Duplicate File Remover will easily find and remove duplicates and help you reclaim valuable disk space and improve data efficiency. Duplicate files are in most cases redundant and unnecessary, so keeping them is merely a waste of hard disk space.
 
Automatic Updates
Having a system that is up-to-date is the best way to keep programs running right. PC cleaner updates everyday to ensure you you have the most current protection and tools.