Crazy but true: One of the most popular photo editors just got even better! BeFunky is the app that leaves all creative control with YOU while keeping everything super easy to use. It has TONS of effects you won’t find anywhere else, and now you can even add text to your pictures! Stack an UNLIMITED number of effects and edits to create a look that’s as unique as you are, or use one of the many we built just for you!
No registration is required to use BeFunky, and there are NO ADS, no watermarks, no limitations, and no forcing to share. BeFunky was made with you in mind, so it's exactly the way you want it to be.
✭WHY YOU’LL LOVE IT✭
-It has tons of effects that aren’t offered anywhere else!
-Apply unlimited effects and edits to pictures, while controlling the amount of each.
-Changed your mind? No worries, you can undo effects and edits too.
-Each picture can be either public or private.
-The BeFunky Gallery rocks. Easily find the best pictures of what you love and help make them popular!
-It couldn’t be easier to use!
✭AMAZING EFFECTS✭
Over 68 effects included: Vintage, Pop Art, Grunge, Viewfinder, DuoTone, Toy Camera, Sketch, Tilt Shift, Instant, Old Photo, Cross Process, Cyanotype, Gritty HDR, Pinhole, Orton, and many more.
✭POWERFUL EDITING TOOLS✭
Crop, straighten, rotate, sharpen, and add vignetting to any photo. Special features like beautify and fill light are there for you too. And as always tools for exposure, hue, saturation, etc., are included.
✭NEW: ADD TEXT TO PHOTOS✭
BeFunky now has a text section! Choose from tons of fonts, colors, and backgrounds!
✭MARVELOUS PHOTO FRAMES✭
Choose from Instant, Filmstrip, Halftone, Grunge, Classic frames, and more.
✭SHARE PHOTOS INSTANTLY✭
Simultaneously save to the BeFunky Gallery, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Tumblr, and your Camera Roll. All this happens in the background so can move on with your life!
✭NEW: CATEGORIES IN THE GALLERY✭
Choose from any number of categories to see your favorite types of pictures! Subscribe to them and those pictures show up in your customizable stream.
✭MAKE YOUR FAVORITE PHOTOS POPULAR✭
Photos in the gallery get points, and YOU have the power to help photos become popular!