Passport (1961) VCD_No Subs [DDR] 

CAST:- Madhubala, Pradeep Kumar, K.N. Ingh, Nazir Hussain, Kesari, Tun Tun, Sarita, Mumtaz, Samson, Rajan Kapoor

Produced by C. M. Thakkar, Pramode Chakraborthy
Directed by Pramode Chakravorthy
Music Director: Kalyanji - Anandji	
Lyricist: Qamar Jalalabadi, Farooq Qaiser	
Assistant music director : Laxmikant - Pyarelal
Playback Singers:- Lata Mangeshkar, Geeta Dutt, Mohammed Rafi

Songs are included in MP3s
Passport (1961) 00. Title Music and Screen Credits_Kalyanji - Anandji
Passport (1961) 01. Sun Le Daastan Yun, Subir Sen, Qamar Jalalabadi, Kalyanji - Anandji	
Passport (1961) 02. Saaz E Dil Chhed De, Lata Mangeshkar, Mohammed Rafi, Farooq Qaiser, Kalyanji - Anandji
Passport (1961) 03. Music and Dance only_Kalyanji - Anandji
Passport (1961) 04. Tauba Tauba Ho, Geeta Dutt, Qamar Jalalabadi, Kalyanji - Anandji
Passport (1961) 05. Nazar Ka Jhuk Jana, Geeta Dutt, Qamar Jalalabadi, Kalyanji - Anandji
Passport (1961) 06. Ja Raha Hai Kyon Deewane, Geeta Dutt, Qamar Jalalabadi, Kalyanji - Anandji

SYNOPSIS:- Passport (1961)
Bombay City Police suspect that some diamonds are being smuggled through Santa Cruz Airport, they immediately alert Customs Officials, and Airport police who thoroughly check through all the luggage and the passengers who have just arrived. They notice a nervous male, and when they approach to question him, he flees, leads the police onto a high speed chase, then crashes his vehicle against a tree and is killed. The police are able to recover diamonds and jewelery from a suitcase, and trace it to Bhagwandas Jewellers. When Mr. Bhagwandas is questioned, he denies having any knowledge of this, and asks his Munim to go to the Police Station and file a statement to this effect. Before the Munim can carry out his employer's instructions, he kills himself. The police must now determine as to why the Munim killed himself or was he killed by Bhagwandas, and assisting them in their task is a young man by the name of Shekhar, who has fallen in love with Bhagwandas' daughter, Rita. All the clues and trails point to Bhagwandas and his "silent" partner, Shamsher Singh, who was formerly known as criminal don, Shyamlal, but the police have no evidence to link Shamsher to the smuggling racket nor to the death of the Munim. It looks like the wily Shamsher does seem to have successfully pulled wool over the eyes of the police again.

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Codec: MPEG-1
Video Bitrate: 1119 kbps
Video Resolution: 352x288
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec:  MPEG-1 Layer 2
Audio Bitrate: 224kb/s CBR 44100 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: Hindi
RunTime: 2 hours Plus
Subtitles: NONE
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]    
Duration: 2 hours plus