Energy-Wise Landscape Design: A New Approach for Your Home and Garden 
by Sue Reed
New Society Publishers | April 2010 | ISBN-10: 0865716536 | PDF | 304 pages | 100 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Energy-Wise-Landscape-Design-Approach-Garden/dp/0865716536

Residential consumption represents nearly one quarter of North AmericaΓÇÖs total energy use and the average homeowner spends thousands of dollars a year on power bills. To help alleviate this problem, Energy-Wise Landscape Design presents hundreds of practical ways everyone can save money, time, and effort while making their landscapes more environmentally healthy, ecologically rich, and energy efficient.

Combining general guidelines with tips, techniques, and actions, this fully illustrated guide explains the many opportunities our landscapes provide for conserving energy. Readers will learn how to:

-    Lower a home's heating and cooling costs
-    Minimize fuel used in landscape construction, maintenance, and everyday use
-    Choose landscape products and materials with lower embedded energy costs
-    Make a positive difference without a major investment or change in lifestyle

Intended for homeowners, gardeners, landscape professionals, and students, the design ideas in this book will work in every type of settingΓÇölarge or small, hilly or flat, urban or rural. Written in non-scientific language with clear explanations and an easy conversational style, Energy-Wise Landscape Design is an essential resource for everyone who wants to shrink their energy footprint while enhancing their property and adding value to their home.

About the Author
Sue Reed is a registered landscape architect and a specialist in ecological landscape design who has helped hundreds of homeowners create comfortable, livable, and beautiful landscapes that save energy. She is also an experienced writer and teacher whose work specifically focuses on environmentally sound, energy-efficient, and sustainable landscape design.
Susan Reed is president of Susan Reed, Landscape Architect; who has specialized in ecological design for over two decades. She is an instructor, who taught at The Conway School of Landscape Design for twelve years, and continues to lead design workshops across New England. She is a writer and author of Seeing the Forest, and lives in Shelburne Falls, Massachusetts.