No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from USB-Stick.
These are a few things that makes a '1-click run' version a, better version.
You can find uninstall information here: http://www.friendsinwar.com/information.php

Football Manager is the best-selling, most realistic football management series ever made. Football Manager 2013 celebrates 20 years of games from the people at Sports Interactive by introducing an array of new features.

This year’s version allows you to take control of any club in more than 50 nations across the world and includes all of Europe’s biggest leagues as well as database of over 500,000 real-world players and staff.

As well as some landmark new features in the Career Mode, there are now new ways to enjoy your Football Manager experience.
Key Features:

NEW TO CAREER MODE…

Match Engine
The 3D match engine has seen huge improvements this year. Everything on the pitch looks more realistic; from the stadiums, the players’ movement, intelligence, and the way the ball moves through the air.

We’ve also introduced hundreds of new animations to make the game feel more realistic and we’ve made the whole experience more televisual by introducing new camera angles and showing the kick-off and final whistle.

Manager Roles
Another notable difference is the significant restructure of the manager’s staff and a revamp of their roles. The most obvious is that we’ve introduced the position of Director of Football into the game for the first time, which will allow managers to pass on some of their workload, such as contract negotiations, if they choose to.

In addition to this, we’ve also increased the number of specialist coaching roles within the game and given the manager greater flexibility to choose which coaches offer advice and when. The manager can also choose to complain about boardroom interference – although that particular option should probably be used sparingly.

And much more…
A brand new training system, improved international management, tones in press conferences & a new user interface.

Plus over 900 other new features!

PC System Requirements

OS: Windows XP/Vista/W7/W8
Processor: XP: 1.6GHz or Faster. Vista/W7/W8: 2.2GHz or Faster
Memory: XP/Vista/W7/W8: 1.0GB RAM
Graphics: 128MB *Supported Chipsets : (see below)
DirectX®: 9.0c
Hard Drive: 2GB
Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible
LAN: TCP/IP compliant *Supported Chipsets – Nvidia FX 5900 Ultra or greater; ATI Radeon 9800 or greater; Intel 82915G/82910GL or greater.
A fully DirectX 9 compliant graphics card is required.
Earlier cards may only display 2D Match Viewer Mode and are not supported.
Earlier cards may require the DirectX 9.0 SDK is installed to run the game. This can be downloaded from the following url:
Laptop versions of these chipsets may work but are not supported.