[ This is the original setup executable file of Unity 4 ]

[ "Download and start creating games" ]

[ I also highly recommend their official "Learn" section ]


[ Some info below ]

Create the games you love with Unity

Unity is a game development ecosystem: a powerful rendering engine fully integrated with a complete set of intuitive tools and rapid workflows to create interactive 3D content; easy multiplatform publishing; thousands of quality, ready-made assets in the Asset Store and a knowledge-sharing Community.

For independent developers and studios, UnityΓÇÖs democratizing ecosystem smashes the time and cost barriers to creating uniquely beautiful games. They are using Unity to build a livelihood doing what they love: creating games that hook and delight players on any platform.

Workflow
Rapidly assemble your scenes in an intuitive, extensible Editor workspace. Play, test and edit for fast iteration towards your finished game.

Quality
Create a game with AAA visual fidelity, audio and full-throttle action that performs smooth and clean on any screen.

Mecanim
UnityΓÇÖs uniquely powerful and flexible animation system brings any character or object to life with incredibly natural and fluid movement.

Performance
Reliable performance, smooth framerate, and superb game play experiences across target platforms.

Multiplatform
No other game engine gives you the choice of 10 publishing platforms for your game with near-effortless deployment.

Collaboration
Full version control for all game assets; instantly grab changes from other team members, and extend Unity for generic VCS support.

Asset Store
DonΓÇÖt create your assetsΓÇöbuy them, or download them for free from the Asset Store. Save critical time and go to the Asset Store to find any asset you need, plus loads of demos and tutorials.

Online Store
The Online Store stocks Unity Pro and all Basic and Pro add-ons. You can also purchase Team License for organizing your development team, or Premium Support, for prompt replies to questions that arise while developing with Unity.

Resources
The Unity Community, our comprehensive Documentation, our own free step-by-step collection of tutorials, and those made freely available by Unity users all help users to stay motivated, jump hurdles, and learn about crucial shortcuts and optimizations.

[ Its latest version (direct download) can be found in their official website ]