


George Benson
Inspiration - A Tribute To Nat King Cole (2013)





allmusic.com...

George Benson's place as one of the greatest and most successful guitarists in the history of jazz is secure, but what's easy to forget sometimes is that he began his career as a vocalist, and if this release, a tribute to Nat King Cole, comes as any kind of surprise, it shouldn't. Benson's and Cole's careers are remarkably similar, both becoming known first as instrumentalists, Cole as a pianist, and Benson, of course, as a guitarist, with both eventually easing into the pop mainstream because of their voices. Cole was a one of a kind vocalist, of course, and even Benson wouldn't claim to equal him as a singer, but Benson has a similarly soothing and lush tenor voice that more than holds its own on these familiar songs. The album is bookended by two versions of the Cole classic "Mona Lisa," the first a rare recording of Benson at the age of eight singing it sweetly and charmingly while playing ukulele, while the album closes with a full big-band, Nelson Riddle-arranged orchestral version that also features some sweet guitar from Benson. In between are warm, smooth, and soothing versions of "Walking My Baby Back Home" and "I'm Gonna Sit Right Down and Write Myself a Letter," a bouncing and bopping "Route 66," and nice takes on "Unforgettable" (featuring Wynton Marsalis), "When I Fall in Love" (featuring Idina Menzel), "Smile" (featuring Till Brönner), and "Too Young" (featuring Judith Hill), all given the full big-band orchestral treatment from the Henry Mancini Institute Orchestra conducted by Randy Waldman (Waldman also arranged several of the pieces here). It all adds up to a sweet and very impressive album, full of warmth and heart, and it swings where it should. 


Audio Quality:		FLAC (Lossless)
Audiochecker:	     	92.31% CDDA
Label:			Concord
Catalog:		CRE-34268-03





Audio Info:


01.Mona Lisa (Lil' George Benson Age 8)
02.Just One Of Those Things
03.Unforgettable (Feat. Wynton Marsalis)
04.Walkin' My Baby Back Home
05.When I Fall In Love (Feat. Idina Menzel)
06.Route 66
07.Nature Boy
08.Ballerina
09.Smile (Feat.  Till Brönner)
10.Straighten Up And Fly Right
11.Too Young (Feat. Judith Hill)
12.I'm Gonna Sit Down And Write Myself A Letter
13.Mona Lisa









Thanks for Seeding
Enjoy...	
