Up That White Ass 3: L.T. is back with his 100% anal and 100% interracial series, Up That White Ass. An irresistible assemblage of white booty! Check out Tanner Mayes` first interracial!

After 2 steamy editions, L.T. just knew you'd be back for more hot white ass getting penetrated by big black cock, so that's what he's giving you! This 3rd installment features even more perfect round asses getting split down the middle by fat black dicks.

Scene 1. Liza Del Sierra, L.T.
Scene 2. Sheena Shaw, L.T.
Scene 3. Lily Labeau, L.T.
Scene 4. Tinslee Reagan, L.T.
Scene 5. Tanner Mayes, L.T.

Length 3 hrs. 4 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Aug 09 2012
Production Year 2012
Studio  Elegant Angel

Actresses:
    Lily Labeau [Anal Facial A2M IR]
    Liza Del Sierra [Anal Facial A2M IR]
    Sheena Shaw [Anal Facial Bald A2M IR]
    Tanner Mayes [Anal Facial Swallow A2M IR]
    Tinslee Reagan [Anal Facial A2M IR]
    

Actors:
    L.T.


Body of Review: LT Turner is currently the well received black director for Elegant Angel, his interracial titles garnering some acclaim over the years. His latest movie is called Up That White Ass 3, including all the usual interracial exploits he is known for but adding in anal (the back cover making it clear that all of the ladies did anal in their scenes) as well as casting some great ladies with awesome asses to the mix. Awesome anal queen Liza Del Sierra took the front cover, cute Lily Labeau, sexy Tanner Mayes, Sheena Shaw, and Tinslee Reagan were also here to add some fun. Of particular interest was that Tanner Mayes was advertised as having her first interracial anal this time, my faulty memory thinking she gave up her perky little ass to black cock some time ago. Given LTΓÇÖs recent hit maker status and the cast alone, I felt certain that this would be a great selection of interracial booty plowing, all of the ladies well worth watching repeatedly. HereΓÇÖs a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:


Summary: Up That White Ass 3 by director LT Turner for Elegant Angel was a great set of five lengthy scenes showing interracial action by attractive ladies with shapely butts, the degree of chemistry and attraction varying a little bit but still well enough above average in terms of strokability, replay value, and technical expertise that it merited a rating of Recommended or better, some pushing their limits too far to really work repeatedly for me. In short, Up That White Ass 3 proved to be an upgrade from the usual interracial showing, the theme of cute ass babes certainly not hurting the appeal in the slightest for me given IΓÇÖm a known ass man. Tanner Mayes had her first credited interracial anal scene, Liza Del Sierra, Sheena Shaw (also a first), Lily Labeau, and Tinslee Reagan all just as fuckable as ever in their respective scenes.

