The first Star One album, Space Metal (2002) was Arjen’s reaction to his previous project, the relatively soft Ambeon.
After releasing the first few Ayreon albums, Arjen had noticed that many others were following in his footsteps and releasing their own rock operas. Upon listening to these, his impression was that “on some of these operas the singers sound the same, and so you need the CD booklet to tell them apart.” To ensure that didn’t happen on ‘Space Metal’, Arjen cast a line-up of singers with distinct voices, singers whom listeners could easily tell apart without the help of the CD booklet. Dan Swanö (ex-Edge of Sanity, Nightingale) was recruited for the the low parts, Russell Allen (Symphony X) took care of the powerful, gritty parts, Damian Wilson (ex-Threshold) sang the high clear parts, and to top it off, Floor Jansen (After Forever) belted out the really high choruses. Robert Soeterboek (Ayreon) took care of the backing vocals with his huge smoky voice.
So with all these singers, why not just call Space Metal an Ayreon album and be done with it? Ayreon is known for combining many different musical styles on one album. Star One highlights the heavy side of Arjen’s music, and the songs — while progressive — are still more straightforward and guitar-oriented than you would find on an Ayreon release. Thus, Arjen felt that a new project was warranted. The name Star One is based on an episode of Arjen’s favorite science fiction TV series called ‘Blakes 7′.

Space Metal doesn’t rely on a continuous story or rock opera format like the Ayreon albums, it’s more of a “concept album” where each song is based on a particular film (or TV series). As Arjen puts it: “I based the songs on films that take place entirely in space. It’s really hard to write a song based on a film and then not use names or make the references to the original too clear. I really wanted to write about my impressions of the films and not just tell the same story over again. ” Space Metal takes the listener on a journey through Arjen’s mind and memory in which they can relive the great science fiction space films that made such an impact on him.


ENJOY!!!