Omikron - The Nomad Soul Repack R.G. Catalyst


Genre: Adventure / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Quantic Dream
Publisher: Eidos Interactive
Game Version: 1.0
Publication Type: Repack
Language: English / Russian / French
Sound language: English / Russian / French
Crack: from HeliX666 

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Operating system: Windows XP / Seven
Processor: Pentium III 400 MHz
Memory: 64 MB
Video: 8 MB DirectX6-compatible graphics card
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free hard drive space: 1.7 GB 



... was about 4 in the morning.

Chatted briefly with a spoon in the coffee,I put down the cup away from the keyboard.

I was ready.

I thought I was ready ...

One only has to select "New Game" in the game menu, how to you (that's you)becomes a character and asks you as a person who is inclined to the (virtual) adventures, time to move on to his body, in order to try to save a parallel world.

"Tempting offers" - you decide (no alternative) and rush headlong into the maelstrom of adventure, which is actually closer than they appear ...

By acquiring a new body, not allowing even really look huge, obviously demonic nature of the beast rushes at you with a totally clear intent.

However, good fortune,by which you obviously born fails - a monster scares suddenly appeared on the scene two-ton steel structure, which gives reasonable advice is to drink and eat, so as not to die of blood loss and dehydration.

What you decide to do, and immediately start the game.

Omikron: The Nomad Soul - adventure game with RPG elements and action from Quantic Dream. The game's plot is very unusual and very interesting.From the first minutes the player is drawn into the world of Omicron.He is to fight demons, collecting the souls of men, to make the Lord, which marks the coming of many disasters, misery and destruction .... 

GAME FEATURES

The unpredictable fantasy world, fully accessible for research;
Implanted in the body of any person, what you see;
The unusual detective story;
Graphics, ahead of its time;
Fantastic soundtrack, written personally by David Bowie;
The unique style of the game (after all, France);

REPACK FEATURES

Do not cut / no recoded
Sewn from HeliX666 fix to run on modern hardware
Sewn loader that fixes a problem with the artifacts for video card series Radeon 4XXX and above
ATI Radeon card users are adviced to start the game using Omikron-AtiFixloader in the Game installation folder.

Three Shortcut will be created on Desktop.
1.settings of Omikron-use first this to set graphics option.
2.Omikron-The Nomad Soul-use this to start game who are not using ATI card
3.Alter_run_Omikron-The Nomad SOUl-Use this to start game only for ATI Radeon Users

Ability to set different combinations of locations (optional)
Installation time ~ 2 minutes
RePacked by RG Catalyst