The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.

The series is set in the fictional South-Midlands town of Denton, and is marked by a gritty tone. It is believed that Denton is in Oxfordshire, with many references to Reading, Oxford, and in particular, Swindon, especially in the earlier episodes, as the M4 and A417 are often seen, and the map of Swindon was seen in the control room, although a map of Reading was used occasionally. The programme is produced by ITV in Leeds, and most of the outdoor locations are shot in West Yorkshire. Several scenes are filmed in and around the city and district of Wakefield and neighbouring small towns of Pontefract and Castleford, West Yorkshire.[3] The role of Frost was notable in changing the public perception of David Jason from a predominantly comic actor to a dramatic actor.

Season 5

S5, Ep1 - Feb. 9, 1997 - Penny for the Guy
A manpower shortage and a rash of child kidnapped for ransom force a vacationing Frost back to work partnering with beautiful but ambitious DS Liz Maud.
 
S5, Ep2 - Feb. 16, 1997 - House Calls
Jack is in charge of the case of a three month old corpse found in the coal bin of an abandoned farm house. The body is eventually identified as that of a well known thief, but Jack has little to go on. DS Liz Maud has a case of a child abuser who is injecting children with water. Jack recalls a similar case and when they learn he is now in the area, have an immediate suspect. Jack feels sorry for him however and concludes that he can't be the person they're after. However, when two children are killed, both with indications of having injections, Jack may be in the ...
 
S5, Ep3 - Feb. 23, 1997 - True Confessions
Returning from holiday, Frost investigates a drowning death in the river, but the autopsy reveals she was drowned in a bathtub.
 
S5, Ep4 - Mar. 2, 1997 - No Other Love
Peter Lawson is a pawnbroker with a difficult family life. His father, retired after a long career in the army, is a demanding patriarch and his oldest children hate him. An armed robbery at his shop brings DI Jack Frost, now reunited with DS Clive Barnard, onto the case but all does sit well with the police. When Lawson is murdered a few days later, Frost and Barnard uncover a case of child abuse that has gone on for years. The ensuing investigation leads to a tragedy that will long affect the police and Jack in particular. At the Station, Supt. Mullett is being ...