No Contest: The Case Against Competition; How We Lose in Our Race to Win

Author: Alfie Kohn
Published: 1992
Pages: 327

Paperback ISBN: 9780395631256
Hardcover ISBN: 9780395393871

 
Description From the Book Flap:

No Contest, which has been stirring up controversy since its publication in 1986, stands as the definitive critique of competition. Drawing from hundreds of studies, Alfie Kohn eloquently argues that our struggle to defeat each other -- at work, at school, at play, and at home -- turns all of us into losers.

Contrary to the myths with which we have been raised, Kohn shows that competition is not an inevitable part of "human nature." It does not motivate us to do our best (in fact, the reason our workplaces and schools are in trouble is that they value competitiveness instead of excellence.) Rather than building character, competition sabotages self-esteem and ruins relationships. It even warps recreation by turning the playing field into a battlefield.

No Contest makes a powerful case that "healthy competition" is a contradiction in terms. Because any win/lose arrangement is undesirable, we will have to restructure our institutions for the benefit of ourselves, our children, and our society. For this [1992] revised edition, Kohn adds a comprehensive account of how students can learn more effectively by working cooperatively in the classroom instead of struggling to be Number One. He also offers a pointed and personal afterword, assessing shifts in American thinking on competition and describing reactions to his provocative message.


What People are Saying:

“Alfie Kohn marshals the evidence that [competition] is not the mainspring of achievement in industry, the arts, education, or games.”
-- Dr. Benjamin Spock

“We have been in prison from wrong teaching.  By perceiving that cooperation is the answer, not competition, Alfie Kohn opens a new world of living.  I am deeply indebted to him.”
-- W. Edwards Deming

“Alfie Kohn's critique of the role of competition in our society is a really impressive piece of work.  Challenging and thoughtful, it reaches to the heart of many problems of our social life and the ideology that constrains and distorts it.”
‑‑ Noam Chomsky
 
“Well‑researched and sound, No Contest exposes erroneous assumptions about the inevitability and value of competition.  This book...deserves our attention.”
‑‑ Carl Rogers

“Superbly researched, lucidly written.”
-- Los Angeles Times


About the Author:

Alfie Kohn writes and speaks widely on human behavior, education, and parenting. The latest of his twelve books are "Feel Bad Education...and Other Contrarian Essays on Children and Schooling" (2011), The  "Homework Myth: Why Our Kids Get Too Much of a Bad Thing" (2006) and "Uncondtional Parenting: Moving from Rewards and Punishments to Love and Reason" (2005). Of his earlier titles, the best known are "Punished by Rewards: The Trouble with Gold Stars, Incentive Plans, A's, Praise, and Other Bribes" (1993), "No Contest The Case Against Competition" (1986), and "The Schools Our Children Deserve: Moving Beyond Traditional Classrooms and "Tougher Standards""(1999).
 
Kohn has been described in Time magazine as "perhaps the country's most outspoken critic of education's fixation on grades [and] test scores." His criticisms of competition and rewards have helped to shape the thinking of educators -- as well as parents and managers -- across the country and abroad. Kohn has been featured on hundreds of TV and radio programs, including the "Today" show and two appearances on "Oprah"; he has been profiled in the Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times, while his work has been described and debated in many other leading publications.
 
Kohn lectures widely at universities and to school faculties, parent groups, and corporations. In addition to speaking at staff development seminars and keynoting national education conferences on a regular basis, he conducts workshops for teachers and administrators on various topics. Among them: "Motivation from the Inside Out: Rethinking Rewards, Assessment, and Learning" and "Beyond Bribes and Threats: Realistic Alternatives to Controlling Students' Behavior." The latter corresponds to his book "Beyond Discipline: From Compliance to Community" (ASCD, 1996), which he describes as "a modest attempt to overthrow the entire field of classroom management."

Kohn's various books have been translated into Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Spanish, German, Italian, Swedish, Dutch, Bulgarian, Portuguese, Arabic, Hebrew, Thai, and Malaysian. He has also contributed to publications ranging from the Journal of Education to Ladies Home Journal, and from the Nation to the Harvard Business Review ("Why Incentive Plans Cannot Work"). His efforts to make research in human behavior accessible to a general audience have also been published in the Atlantic Monthly, Parents, and Psychology Today.
 
His many articles on education include a dozen widely reprinted essays in Phi Delta Kappan from 1991 to 2008. Among them: "Choices for Children: Why and How to Let Students Decide," "How Not to Teach Values: A Critical Look at Character Education," "Test Today, Privatize Tomorrow," and "Why Self-Discipline is Overrated."
 
Kohn, the father of two children, lives (actually) in the Boston area and (virtually) at www.alfiekohn.org.




Listen to one of Alfie Kohn's lecture on the topic of Competition: