Portuguese For Dummies (2nd Ed)
by Karen Keller 
For Dummies | February 2013 | ISBN-10: 1118399218 | ePUB/PDF | 7.71/13.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Portuguese-For-Dummies-Language-Literature/dp/1118399218
PDF covrsion is mine.

The fast and easy way to learn to speak Brazilian Portuguese
Quick! What's the most widely spoken language in South America? That's right, Portuguese! And what's the fastest, easiest, most enjoyable way to learn Portuguese? Portuguese for Dummies, of course! This fun, friendly guide helps you start speaking Brazilian Portuguese immediately!
Whether you're a student, a traveler, or you work in business or government, you'll love its practical lessons, cultural facts, and handy referencesΓÇöincluding a 

Portuguese-English mini-dictionary, lists of vital verbs, and more!
-    Have everyday conversations in Portuguese
-    Make sense of Portuguese grammar
-    Use idioms and popular expressions
-    Improve your pronunciation
-    Grasp verb conjugations
-    Get around in Portuguese-speaking countries
Portuguese For Dummies comes complete with a CD loaded with real-life dialogues that help you understand and pronounce this lovely, lyrical language with ease.
CD-ROM/DVD and other supplementary materials are not included as part of the e-book file, but are available for download after purchase.

About the Author
Karen Keller is a journalist who lived and worked in Sao Paulo. Brazil, for three years as a business reporter. Before moving to Brazil, the California native, who has also lived in Spain. taught Spanish for a foreign language education website. Keller is a published Brazil travel guide writer. She currently lives with her husband and son in the New York City area, where she covers national health issues for a digital newspaper.

CONTENTS
Introduction.
Part I: Getting Started.Chapter 1: You Already Know a Little Portuguese!Chapter 2: The Nitty-Gritty: Basic Portuguese Grammar and Numbers.Chapter 3: Oi! Hello! Greetings and Introductions.
Part II: Portuguese in Action.Chapter 4: Getting to Know You: Making Small Talk.Chapter 5: Dining Out and Going to Market.Chapter 6: Shopping Made Easy.Chapter 7: At the Beach.Chapter 8: Going Out on the Town.Chapter 9: Talking on the Phone.Chapter 10: At the Office and around the House.
Part III: Portuguese on the Go.Chapter 11: Money, Money, Money.Chapter 12: Onde Fica? (Where Is It?) Asking for Directions.Chapter 13: Staying at a Hotel or Guesthouse.Chapter 14: Getting Around: Planes, Buses, Taxis, and More.Chapter 15: Planning a Trip.Chapter 16: Me Ajuda! Help! Handling Emergencies.Chapter 17: O Carnaval!
Part IV: The Part of Tens.Chapter 18: Ten Ways to Get a Quick Handle on Brazilian Portuguese.Chapter 19: Ten Favorite Brazilian Portuguese Expressions.Chapter 20: Eleven Common Portuguese Slang Words.Chapter 21: Eleven Terms That Make You Sound Fluent in Brazilian Portuguese.
Part V: Appendixes.Appendix A: Verb Tables.Appendix B: Mini-Dictionary.Appendix C: Answer Key.Appendix D: On the CD.Appendix E: Where in the World Is Portuguese Spoken?Index.