Paris - Paris [1976]





01. Black Book  
02. Religion  
03. Starcage  
04. Beautiful Youth  
05. Nazarene  
06. Narrow Gate [La Porte Etroite]  
07. Solitaire  
08. Breathless  
09. Rock Of Ages
10. Red Rain 





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Paris was an American rock music power trio formed in 1975 by guitarist and vocalist Bob Welch, who had just left Fleetwood Mac, bass player Glenn Cornick, formerly of Jethro Tull, and drummer Thom Mooney who had been a member of Nazz with Todd Rundgren. The group released two albums for Capitol Records, but was largely unsuccessful and split in 1977. After the first album, Mooney was replaced by Hunt Sales, who had also played with Rundgren.

Initially the band's sound was rock-oriented, but later developed towards funk, and represented a departure from Welch's work with Fleetwood Mac. A third album was planned, but Sales fell ill and the band split. Songs from the aborted third Paris album were used for Welch's first solo album, French Kiss, and the deal with Capitol was converted into a solo album deal for Welch.

After Paris split up, Welch launched a successful solo career, and Sales worked with Iggy Pop and later Tin Machine with David Bowie. British-born Cornick moved to the US where, after a decade out of the music business, he reformed his band Wild Turkey in the 1990s.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Paris was an eponymous album, the first of the two albums recorded by the power trio Paris, which was active from 1975-1977.

Paris comprised guitarist Bob Welch, formerly with Fleetwood Mac, bassist Glenn Cornick, formerly of Jethro Tull and drummer Thom Mooney, formerly of Nazz. It was the only album recorded by this line up, as Mooney left shortly afterwards.

The songs were all written by Bob Welch and are a major contrast to the songs he wrote with Fleetwood Mac, particularly the "wistful romanticism of such songs as "Sentimental Lady".

The album was not critically acclaimed, and sold modestly, reaching 103 on the Billboard pop album chart.

