ArcSoft Album

Creatively share your memories as shining albums

Make a stunning photo album in just three easy steps
Provides professionally designed and creative templates
Share your books everywhere, such as Facebook, Twitter or Flickr
Personalize your photo album to your taste
Support Windows 8

Why ArcSoft Album?
It has never been so easy to show off your photos! From your Facebook Wall to your Twitter, Flickr, to your best friend's email and your own computer. Do more with your photos than you ever thought possible without efforts. Enjoy photo books with elegant themes instead of watching dull photos one by one. And do it all in two minutes, or three clicks in one place ArcSoft Album, which is fully equipped with ArcSoft's World's advanced technology of smart face recognition, smart photo grouping, intelligent scene analysis, smart page layout, and accelerated graphics rendering etc.

The Quickest Album Three Clicks Away
Make your albums from mass photos in just three clicks. When photos and themes are selected, ArcSoft Album will generate gorgeous albums for you. A smart path is to choose create Photo album with ArcSoft Album from right-click menu of your photo folder. Create and Done!

Share Your Books Everywhere
ArcSoft Album offers a variety of ways to share your digital album -- share it on Facebook, Twitter or Flickr, via email, or post the album link online. All these options are available directly within the program. Your friends and family can view your album by clicking on your link. Besides, they can view your album on multi-platform, PC, Mac, iPad, iPhone etc. For those who enjoy the touch of a real book, a professionally-printed album can be ordered.

Diversity Themes Bring Your Stories to Life
From baby growth life to vocations, school life, family, travel logs, business, wedding, or an annual photo collection, ArcSoft Album is the all occasion and perfect place to hold and display your treasured memories by beautiful themes!

Customize Your Personalized Photo Album
Though ArcSoft Album will do all in two minutes for you, you can also release your own creativity! Polish your photo with flexible photo tools. Move, rotate, pan & zoom, enhance photo or add black and white effects. Change layouts and pages to get your favorite book. Add texts and captions to your albums.

System Requirements:

Supported OS: Windows 8, Windows 7 x86/x64, Windows Vista, Windows XP x86(SP2 or SP3)
Processor: 1.0GHz or faster
Hard Disk Space: 20GB or above
RAM: 1GB or above
Graphics: VGA card with 128MB graphics memory
HDD: 400MB
Screen Resolution: 1024x768

Homepage: http://www.arcsoft.com/album/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program
- Register application with given email and key.
- Done, Enjoy

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.