Episode 2 from the Series of 5



Education guru Bernadette Tynan continues to put her unique brand of brain training to good use in helping children whose talents are going unnoticed. In the final instalment of the series, she visits a school in Manchester where she encounters Jamie, a curious, open-minded boy, and Aisha, a nine-year-old with a passion for culture and travel.

Bernadette Tynan has spent more than 15 years researching the secrets of the mind and developing brain-training techniques to unlock children’s talents. She is convinced that the current “exam-crazed” education system in the UK is failing to spot the ability of many of the country’s brightest kids. In this series she sets out on a journey across the country to put her methods to use.

This week, Bernadette is in Manchester to assess the potential of a group of eight to 11-year-olds –children at a critical stage in their development. She divides the children into teams and sets them a number of tasks designed to see which children might have hidden talents. “It’s not just fun,” she explains. “It gives me a window into how a child thinks and learns.”

After speaking at length to the schoolteachers, Bernadette selects a shortlist of five children to undergo further tests. Among the five are Jamie, an enigmatic child who is keen to try everything and keeps his mind completely open; and Aisha, a nine-year-old who has a passion for culture and travel but tends to hold herself back at school. In order to decide who would benefit most from her brain training, Bernadette takes the children away from the classroom environment and sets them physical, problem-solving, creativity and logic tests. “I’m interested in how the children think, not what they know,” she says. After a further challenge designed to see how two of the children interact with their families, Bernadette selects the child she will take on a brain-training journey.

Over the next few months, Bernadette guides her chosen subject through an intensive programme covering such elements as learning foreign languages, stimulating neural pathways and developing good posture and clear speech. When the journey is over, will the child manage to bring it all together in time to face the final challenge?
