

Directed by 	Quentin Tarantino

Produced by 	



    Stacey Sher

    Reginald Hudlin

    Pilar Savone



Written by 	Quentin Tarantino

Starring 	



    Jamie Foxx

    Christoph Waltz

    Leonardo DiCaprio

    Kerry Washington

    Samuel L. Jackson

    Walton Goggins

    Dennis Christopher

    James Remar

    Michael Parks

    Don Johnson



Cinematography 	Robert Richardson

Editing by 	Fred Raskin

Studio 	A Band Apart

Distributed by 	The Weinstein Company (USA)

Columbia Pictures (International)

Release date(s) 	



    December 25, 2012 (United States)



Running time 	165 minutes

Country 	United States







In 1858, several male slaves are being driven by the Speck Brothers, Ace and Dicky. Among the shackled slaves is Django, sold off and separated from his wife, Broomhilda. The Speck brothers are stopped by Dr. King Schultz, a German dentist and, unbeknownst to the brothers, a bounty hunter. Schultz asks to buy one of the slaves, and when he's rebuffed, he doesn't take no for an answer. He continues to prod and pry, quickly angering the two brothers. Tempers soon flare, and Ace, refusing to lower the shotgun leveled at Schultz, is shot dead. Dicky draws his pistol but before he can aim at the gunman, Schultz shoots Dicky's horse in the head, and the collapsing animal crushes the remaining brother's leg against the ground. While Dicky continues to scream in pain in the background, Schultz interrogates Django as to the identity of the Brittle Brothers, and when he finds out that he can identify them, offers Django his freedom in exchange for help tracking them down. Django agrees and the pair toss the shackle keys to the other slaves and depart, with Schultz suggesting the slaves kill their tormentor and witness to gain their freedom. After executing the three Brittles, Django partners with Schultz through the Winter, becoming his apprentice. Upon being questioned by Django as to his motivation, Schultz explains that, being the first person he has ever given freedom to, he feels responsible for Django and is driven to help him in his quest to rescue Broomhilda.