01. Desert of Pop
02. In Real Life
03. Dramatikk
04. Kingfisher Call Me
05. Rush
06. Jump In
07. Boy
08. Starlight
09. Futon Fortress
10. Heart Attack

The Ruby Suns' Christopher isn't slow to start. Opener 'Desert of Pop' is electro laden, bold and immersive; it hits the brain like the first sweet taste of popping candy.

It tells the story of Ryan McPhun's first meeting with Robyn at a festival in Cologne, Germany. The events that transpire are probably entirely true of many fan/hero encounters - "We met in Cologne/ It was so unreal/ Tried to keep my cool/ Instead I drank too much."

McPhun continues on amusingly, and like a true fan laments; "But it's all over now/ Your album cycle's over."

'In Real Life' keeps the tempo apace. The lyrics are emotionally direct as the singer figures out what's important to him. "I never wanted to live a real life/ I'm not ready for the real life." At 2.40 an instrumental bridge kicks in and after that it's musical bliss all the way from there.

'Kingfisher Call Me' - Christopher'sfirst single - is sleek and slow. Glimpses of the album's central theme (a breakup) become apparent in the lyrics. "Dry your eyes / Is what to do/ Don't listen to anyone/ Except for you." Juxtaposing the song's slow build, the song concludes with a fuzzed out smattering of electronics. 'Jump In' is warmer than it's predecessors. The closing melody sounds oriental in influence, as do the main melodies of 'Boy'.

The whole album (and much of the Ruby Sun's three albums before) has an 80s sound to it - though 'Starlight' is perhaps the most 80s-sounding track of them all. Lyrically, it continues the ideas of 'In Real Life' - "We won't ever have this time again/ We won't ever live this life again."

On album closer 'Heart Attack,' the vocals become Morrissey-esque. The blunt keyboard addition mid way through is particularly fun to listen to, as is the climactic build up at 2.29.

Prior to Christopher, the Ruby Suns had only ever recorded albums in McPhun's personal recording studio - for Christopher McPhun arranged to spend two weeks recording in New York with engineer Chris Coady (Grizzly Bear, Beach House, Gang Gang Dance). The painstaking labour process (which often involved working well into the night) has in no doubt paid off -Christopher is well worth digging the big speakers out for.
 
http://dickthespic.org/