Sacred Sexuality & the Art of Divine Relationship, Spirit, Biology & the Elemental Force Part 1 of a 3 part MCEO Workshop Series. Recorded live Denver, CO July 7-9, 2006.

An in-depth, 3-part exploration of the multi-dimensional relationships between human sexuality, spirituality, love, power and gender, in relation to coupling, parenting and the “Hidden Mysteries of Life” and “Thereafter”. This Workshop Series features MCEO-Aurora perspectives on the dynamics of “Divine Relationship”, healing sexual “isms”, consciously directing your Elemental Force, and overcoming influences that inhibit the Natural Joy of Spirit, in Love, Relationship and Sexual Expression. Includes enlightening revelations on “Coveted Ancient Secrets”, addresses some of the most controversial “Private Topics” of our times and features Aurora Elemental Command Training Level-1-A,B&C.

“Divine Marriage”- Source, Spirit, Sexuality and Self, “Private Parts”- The Metaphysics of Sexual Expression, “Eternal Flame”- Nurturing the Love-Light Within, “Survival of the Fetish”- Love, Lust and Leanings, “Gardner’s Tips”-Cultivating Joy in Sexual Being and Expression, “Snuggles and Struggles”- Gender, Power and War Games , “Fairy Moons”- The Elemental Force, DNA and Bio-chemical Attraction , “Sacred States”- God, Self, Sex & Sadhi, “Blind Dates”-Hidden Ooh-cult Manipulations , “Safe Sex”-Psychic Self-Protection in Interpersonal Exchange.

Introducing the Psonn of Aurora. Discover how our Light Cell Anatomy is intertwined with our Sexuality. The D-2 Elemental Body Sexuality and Ascension. Three sexes and four sexual orientations. Updates on the Rainbow Bridge. Starborn First Creation Cycle of the Inner, Middle and Outer Worlds and the Fast Track Evac. Reu-Sha-TA Spiral, the spinning of the Um-Shaddh-Eie and a new addition to our breathing technologies. Sacred Sex: how it has been abused on our Planet to Create the Fib of no Chi Spiral. The Big Secret about Sexuality. Ascension and the Opening of the Gates of Urtha. Elementals of Earth and Urtha and Elemental Command. Urtha Entrustment and a New Opportunity. Important activation's that should not be missed.