Dan Brown - Inferno [64] Unabridged
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/inferno-dan-brown/1114144951?ean=9780385537858

Read by Paul Michael


Overview
In his international blockbusters The Da Vinci Code, Angels & Demons, and The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown masterfully fused history, art, codes, and symbols. In this riveting new thriller, Brown returns to his element and has crafted his highest-stakes novel to date.
In the heart of Italy, Harvard professor of symbology, Robert Langdon, is drawn into a harrowing world centered on one of history’s most enduring and mysterious literary masterpieces…Dante’s Inferno.

Against this backdrop, Langdon battles a chilling adversary and grapples with an ingenious riddle that pulls him into a landscape of classic art, secret passageways, and futuristic science. Drawing from Dante’s dark epic poem, Langdon races to find answers and decide whom to trust…before the world is irrevocably altered.

From Barnes & Noble
We were first introduced to Harvard professor/independent investigator Robert Langdon in Angels & Demons in 2000. Three years later, he totally ensnared our attention in the international mega-bestseller The Da Vinci Code. Since then, he was materialized only once, in 2009's The Lost Symbol. Now he returns to race to uncover hidden messages deeply concealed in Dante Alighieri's masterpiece Inferno. This is no mere scholarly romp or pedant exercise: The fate of the world lies in the balance. Born to be a number one bestseller in simultaneous English and Spanish hardcover editions and matching NOOK Books.

The New York Times - Janet Maslin
…Inferno puts the idea of a plague front and center, invoking the black plague, its casualty count and its culling effect on mankind. Mr. Brown is more serious than usual when he invokes Dante's dire warning: "The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis"…But the main emphasis here is hardly on gloom. It is on the prodigious research and love of trivia that inform Mr. Brown's stories…the ease with which he sets them in motion, the nifty tricks…and the cliffhangers…the gamesmanship…And finally there is the sense of play that saves Mr. Brown's books from ponderousness, even when he is waxing wise about some ancient mystery or architectural wonder.