PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 24 - The Bible - History Channel HDTV - Week 4



POtHS says: This is good for all ages. Each Week has 2 episodes in it.

Description:

Episodes 7 and 8

This is a HD quality Avi file.

From Executive Producers Roma Downey and Mark Burnett comes The Bible — an epic 10-part miniseries retelling stories from the Scriptures for a whole new generation. Breathtaking in scope and scale, The Bible features powerful performances, exotic locales and dazzling visual effects that breathe spectacular life into the dramatic tales of faith and courage from Genesis through Revelation. This historic television event is sure to entertain and inspire the whole family.


Los Angeles, Calif. (April 19, 2013) – The hottest show on television keeps getting hotter: Sunday’s third installment of THE BIBLE was once again tops in the ratings for all of television, drawing 11 million viewers.

That marks the second time in three weeks the epic miniseries bested even perennial ratings powerhouse “60 Minutes” – a show with a storied pedigree it premiered when THE BIBLE executive producers, husband and wife Roma Downey and Mark Burnett, were just 7 years old.

Since debuting March 3, THE BIBLE has been seen by more than 68 million people in its first-run airings and encore presentations.

“The most-read book of all time is the most-watched TV event of our time!” Burnett said. “Roma and I can’t thank the show’s millions of fans enough for taking this passion project of ours and making it the breakout hit of the year.”

Downey said she never envisioned the series rocketing to such success when she bounced the idea for the show off her husband over a cup of tea nearly four years ago.

“We just wanted to breathe a little fresh visual life into the sacred text we both love,” she said. “The response has been more than we could have hoped for. The Bible says we love God because He first loved us; the ratings show just how deeply people love God, and we pray the series makes clear just how deeply God loves us.”

Four new episodes of THE BIBLE remain, to be aired in two-hour blocks on March 24 and Easter Sunday, March 31, at 8/7c on HISTORY. The series devotes itself during the rest of its run to the ministry, teachings, death, resurrection and ascension of Jesus, and the work of His disciples to build the Christian church.

“We really believe the best is still to come,” Burnett said.

“If you’ve liked what you’ve seen so far,” Downey added, “just wait!”

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series at http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41 

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 

