 Recorded Live in Peru May 2007: "The Krystal River Dance & the 1st Dance of the Cycle of ‘Last Stands’; Machu Picchu-Caral & The Sacred Valley. Enjoy the breath-taking scenery along the rugged desert mountains and lush high altitude valleys of Peru while experiencing the first “Slide” into Aquarius, the New Ascension Earth. Travel with Earth’s Team Indigo on the “RaShaLAe Projection Journey that started the process of progressively opening the Ascension Passage between Earth and Urtha. Hear all about the amazing multi-networked Ascension Passage (An-Sha-TA-Sa Passage) and its relationship to Human Tribe Seedings Two and Three. Learn about the FOUR levels of 3-dimensional reality fields, the first of which was created by a series of passage openings including Level-1 activation of the Gyrodome and the Aqualene Sun during this Peru workshop.

The Seeding Three Aquari hybridization programs allowed a small proportion of the Aquari/Indigo/Human hybrids to pick up the keys to not only the Seeding Three passages but also the Seeding Two passages (called the Aquafereion NavAHo Indigos and Humans). These Indigos and Humans were commissioned to visit specific sacred sites (linked to the Ecousha Platforms and Aurora Zones) in Caral, the Sacred Valley of the Inca’s, Cusco and Machu Picchu. Learn about the fascinating and ancient history associated with these beautiful “archeological sites” that date back to Human Seeding Two and how they relate to the Seeding Three (Astura) and Seeding Two (Aquafereion Krystal Heart) Ascension Passages and the mysterious subterranean cities of Ah-RU-NE-Wa and Ah-RU-NE-Pet.

Enjoy the wonderful lectures on the Krystar Vehicle, the Eternal Krystar Cycle, ‘RaShaLAe Body’ activation, the Aquafereion-NavAHo Cousha-Cluster Takeyon control cluster at Sachsayhuaman, the fulfillment of the expedited Aquafereion RaSha Na-VA-Ho Trans-harmonic Cycle (including the Comu Nava, NavE & NavA harmonic) and the beautiful new StarFire Ascension Map with Ah-Mu`a ha-DA (AdorA side of Machu Picchu), Esh-fa-Ta-RA (in Maui) and Ah-SA-LE-Yon (eTOR-A side Aurora-2). As the workshop draws to a close, celebrate with Team Indigo as they hear of the successful opening of Floor-4 of the Adashi-7 Temple, activation of Level-1 of the Gyrodome and Aqualene Sun, merging of the Aurora-1 Subterranean and Aurora-2 Cloud Cities (allowing opening the Level-1 Aurora Slide Zone) and momentous Seeding Two Krystal Heart NavAHo Code upgrade, initiating upgrade of the Seeding Three Aquarie-Human and Indigo-Human and Angelic Human ascension codes!! 