The Forbidden Testaments of Revelation - 1: The Cosmic Clock, Secrets of Lohas & the Arc of the Covenant Dublin, Ireland  2-21/ 23-03. Secrets of the Arc of the Covenant and Landing of the Falcon, Knowledge of the Arc passage and the Ark Box Star Gate Tools, The Arc of the Covenant, the Golden Fleece Wave-field and the Cloak of Invisibility, The Spear of Destiny, Plan B Level-6 Evac, The Arc Seal Release and Shield of the Arc Codes, A Brief Orientation to Christiac Merkaba Mechanics, The Natural Christiac Merkabic Circulatory  System and the Merkaba Vehicle, Trans-Harmonic Merkaba Vehicle, The Path of the God-Seed, the Path of the Host and the trial Cycle, The 11th Hour Tribulation Cycle, Judgment Day, The He-Thar-O/He-Thal-on/Reusha-TA/ Ecka-ShI Cosmic Re-set Cycles. Six stages of Universal Shields Separation. The Cosmic Krist Seed Atom Flow Activation & Ecka axis alignment, The Arc of the Covenant and the Gentle Giant. Includes Maps and Arc of the Covenant Codes to activate the Golden Fleece and the Embodied Rod and Staff Arc of the Covenant Passage. Level-1 Introduction of the Cosmic Krist Arc of the Covenant Stanzas. Activating the Seal of the Arc of the Covenant, Activating the Shield of the Arc of the Covenant. Activating the Arc of the Covenant Passage and the Helio-TA-sis Line, Bi-location and the Golden Dawn. Includes more Secrets of: the 12:12/ 11: 11 Christ Code, the May 27 2003 Hetharo Peak, the 13th Pillar, Universal Flame Body and Metatronic Fire Sword Initiations ...Wormwood/ Nibiru/ Planet X, Parallel Universe, Inner Earth & Telos ... Decoding the Atlantean Bible Code, the 3 Tracks of Time, 2 Evolutionary Options ...the August 12, 2003 Dimensional Blend Experiment, Planetary 13th Pillar Activation and the Bridge Zone Project. New Revelations about the "Nazi Spear of Destiny", the Seal of the Arc, the "12 Commandments" & the Feb-Aug 2003 opening of the Inner & Outer Arc of the Covenant. Features the Arc of the Covenant Interface Star Gate System and the 11:11:11:11 Cosmic Krist Override network, the "3 Pillars of Heaven", Veca Template-Or-Immanu Expedited Shadow Healing Sequence and release of the Ancient Healing Dowry of Ireland (Lohas). Features the 13:13 'Quanta' Code Induction, the Level-1 Induction of the Cosmic Krist, Arc of the Covenant Stanzas, and the 11:11/ 12:12/ 13:13 Yan-A-SI-Tu Healing Code and theTri-breath opening of the Heliotasis Line techniques.
