What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815-1848 - by Daniel Walker Howe

Unabridged, V8 VBR
 
http://search.barnesandnoble.com/What-Hath-God-Wrought/Daniel-Walker-Howe/e/9780195078947
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxford_History_of_the_United_States

What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815ΓÇô1848 is a Pulitzer Prize-winning book written in 2007 by historian Daniel Walker Howe. The book is part of the Oxford History of the United States.[1]The book provides an intellectual, religious, social, and political history of the United States at the time when AmericaΓÇÖs founders were handing the leadership of the nation to a new generation.

Howe demonstrates that Americans during this period considered their country an example of Democracy for the rest of the world. He argues that the most important forces that made American Democracy meaningful during this period were the growth of the market economy, the awakened vigor of democratically organized Protestant churches and other voluntary associations, the emergence of mass political parties. The impact of these three factors was magnified by developments in communications (mails, newspaper, books, and telegraph) and transportation. (trains, steamboats, canals, and roads) The book's title comes from both the Bible and Samuel MorseΓÇÖs first telegraph message. Although there was much to admire about America during this period, Howe argues that the admiration was diminished by the continuation and expansion of slavery, the removal of Native Americans, and Imperialist actions, especially those against Mexico.

Some of the major individuals and groups of the period were: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, Martin Van Buren, Henry Clay, John C. Calhoun, James Monroe, DeWitt Clinton, Thomas Hart Benton, James Polk, Democratic Party, Whigs, Abolitionists, evangelical Protestant sects, and slaveholders.

In 2008, What Hath God Wrought received the Pulitzer Prize for History.

The Washington Post - Jonathan Yardley
Howe brings an impressive array of strengths to the daunting task of encapsulating these busy, complicated three-plus decades within a single (admittedly, very long) volume. Emeritus professor of history at Oxford and UCLA, he grasps the meaning as well as the details of developments and events. He has a fine eye for telling detailΓÇªand for the revealing quotation. Beyond that, he is a genuine rarity: an English intellectual who not merely writes about the United States but actually understands it.

Publishers Weekly
In the latest installment in the Oxford History of the United States series, historian Howe, professor emeritus at Oxford University and UCLA (The Political Culture of the American Whigs), stylishly narrates a crucial period in U.S. history-a time of territorial growth, religious revival, booming industrialization, a recalibrating of American democracy and the rise of nationalist sentiment. Smaller but no less important stories run through the account: New York's gradual emancipation of slaves; the growth of higher education; the rise of the temperance movement (all classes, even ministers, imbibed heavily, Howe says). Howe also charts developments in literature, focusing not just on Thoreau and Poe but on such forgotten writers as William Gilmore Simms of South Carolina, who "helped create the romantic image of the Old South," but whose proslavery views eventually brought his work into disrepute. Howe dodges some of the shibboleths of historical literature, for example, refusing to describe these decades as representing a "market revolution" because a market economy already existed in 18th-century America. Supported by engaging prose, Howe's achievement will surely be seen as one of the most outstanding syntheses of U.S. history published this decade.