This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Terry Stafford - Suspicion! [Collectables] (1994)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51IGoQ7EkvL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Steve Huey):

One-hit wonder Terry Stafford was known for his Elvis sound-alike single "Suspicion," which became a Top Five smash even at the height of Beatlemania in 1964. Stafford was born in Hollis, OK, on November 22, 1941, and grew up in Amarillo, TX. He moved to Los Angeles after high school to pursue a singing career and performed at various local dances and social events. He got the chance to record a demo and chose "Suspicion," an album track from Elvis Presley's Pot Luck LP (1962). A local DJ took the song to Crusader Records, which remastered it and released it nationally in 1964. It went all the way to number three on the pop charts and did so during a week when the Beatles held every other spot in the Top Five. Stafford was never able to duplicate its success, though he did reach the Top 30 with his follow-up single, "I'll Touch a Star." He continued to perform and also branched out into acting (the film Wild Wheels) and songwriting, penning Buck Owens' hit "Big in Vegas." In 1973, Stafford signed with Atlantic's newly formed country division and recorded a full-fledged country album, Say, Has Anybody Seen My Sweet Gypsy Rose. The title track edged into the country Top 40, and its flip side, the Stafford co-write "Amarillo by Morning," also enjoyed some regional popularity. It was later covered by George Strait for a major hit. Stafford recorded for Atlantic through 1974 then disappeared from the music scene. He died of liver problems in Amarillo on March 17, 1996.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/terry-stafford-p24819/biography

All Music Album Review (by Greg Adams):

Terry Stafford became one of only a few artists who managed to "steal" a hit from Elvis Presley by covering one of his album tracks -- in this case "Suspicion" from Presley's album Potluck. You wouldn't necessarily realize from that track the extent to which Stafford is a Presley sound-alike, but he is in the same category of great Elvis imitators such as Vince Everett and Ral Donner. "Suspicion" was Stafford's biggest hit by far, but he enjoyed two other hits on the Crusader label in 1964. "I'll Touch a Star" was a big one on the adult contemporary charts, and "Follow the Rainbow" missed the Top 100 by one position. Suspicion is a reissue of Stafford's 1964 album, and it includes the title track and "I'll Touch a Star" along with a number of other compositions by songwriters from Presley's stable. The one quirky flourish that keeps these songs from sounding just like Elvis is the rinky-dink keyboard that plays throughout.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/suspicion-collectables-r232080

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000008E0

Track List:

01. Suspicion
02. Margarita
03. Playing With Fire
04. Invitation To A Kiss
05. Slowly But Surely
06. For You My Love
07. She Wishes I Were You
08. Pocket Full Of Rainbows
09. Everything I Need
10. I'll Touch A Star
11. Everybody Has Somebody
12. Kiss Me Quick
