1. Nadzieje sieje (łąka)
2. Karczmareczka
3. Plan
4. Who is your god?
5. W moim ogródecku
6. Zboojnicki
7. Music for a while
8. Taveler
9. Krywaniu
10.Dopad (wysoko górka)
11.Ja siedze robie muze
12.Piyrso godzina
13.Gronicek
14.Nadzieje sieje

+ BONUS = Pod Jaworem


Gooral is…
GOORAL is a Polish producer, sound generator and a forerunner of merging the electronic music (electro, drum and bass, dubstep) with the traditional tunes from the polish mountains region. Gooral’s output is strongly influenced by his native town of Bielsko-Biała, a place surrounded by mountains – for some an entrance onto high ridges, for others a gateway to civilization. A distinctive feature of Gooral’s music is it’s unequaled energy. An energy that you can fully notice and sense especially during his live performances. The formula of this energy is based on fresh-sounding mix of various musical traditions. It’s truly something to be experienced!

Gooral has a record of almost 150 successful shows. The setup was featured in many music festivals, e.g. Heineken Opener Festival (Gdynia), Red Bull X Fighers (Poznań), Coke Live Festival (Cracow) not to mention club concerts, outdoor performances and charity events. All of them attest to the versatility of Gooral project. April of 2011 saw Gooral’s debut album “Ethno Electro” issued by SP Records. What is Gooral to in 2012? Word is out he’s working on his second album – due spring…. GOORAL live crew: Jabko (Tomasz Łapka) – violin and vocal – an ethnic highlander from Bukowina Tatrzańska… Wiosna (Anna Rogowska) – a drum and bass vocalist, energized by the northern Polish seaside… Jan Mędrala – an early music specialist and versatile countertenor… Kopa (Michał Kopaniszyn) – vj, filmmaker, animator, designer and film editor… Gooral (Mateusz Górny) – electronic, beatbox, vocal… video: Soon the “Ethno Electro” was welcomed by the industry media as a solid representative of the “new wave” category.

The success of the record is clearly evidenced not only by high counts of his Youtube hits or even by crowds attending Gooral’s live shows but – first and foremost – by number of fans interacting with the artist, both through social media and during the ‘meet the artist’ events.