    Turning On You
    Sun Don’t Shine
    We Never Talk
    Searching for Sun featuring Grieves
    Standing Back
    No Difference featuring Mac Lethal
    Sponsor Words
    Live Life Like a Western featuring Symmetry
    Booty Fiend
    Party Crashers featuring Louis Logic
    Moodswing
    No I Don’t featuring Josh Martinez
    Easy Road
    Desolation

“Let go, let love.” We’ve all heard it before, the cliche expression about not dwelling on the troubles of the past. Thankfully, The Let Go, a Seattle-based Hip Hop trio comprised of rappers Kublakai and Type and producer Captain Midnite, don’t take such a played out approach in their recently released album “Tomorrow Handles That” (though they do, on occasion dabble in rapping about rain and/or the lack of sunlight, among other tired Seattle-centric themes). Kublakai and Type somehow find a way to incorporate humor (the kind you actually laugh at, not the “oh, that’s clever ” so prevalent in the genre) with the introspective observations that seem to be a staple of the subgenre.

The live-and-let go attitude is presented immediately by the intro track “Turning On You” in which the sample sings a heartfelt, “It’s turning on you and it’s brining you down.”  Continuing with this train of thought is “Standing Back,” one of the highlights of the album in which the vocalists speak on the pains of ending a relationship. The catchy chorus of, “Baby don’t leave me… but if you have to leave and that’s what you need to breathe then I ain’t gonna stand in your way,” exemplifies the optimistic view of life these guys subscribe to. The album’s message culminates in the tell-it-like-it-is track “Easy Road” and the inspirational “Desolation“, which summarize the philosophy of embracing life’s challenges but not allowing oneself to be bogged down by them.

Interspersed between tracks similar to the aforementioned are songs that are pure hilarity. Some may say that this makes for an unfocused and incoherent effort, but I beg to differ. Thanks to this, “Tomorrow Handles That” is one of the most fully developed albums to come along in a good while, complete with an advertisement (Sponsor Words) ! Whether it’s poking fun at the America Fuck Yeah mindset (No Difference), discussing how to wreck a party one hasn’t been invited to (Party Crashers), speaking on the art, and the difficulty, of picking up women drunk (Booty Fiend), or the dilemma of trying to hook up with one’s friend (No I Don’t). All the while, the listener is serenaded by the real star of the show, the sonic environment crafted by the polished and topic-appropriate production by Midnite.

Check it.

