Nevil Shute (17 January 1899 ΓÇô 12 January 1960) was a popular British novelist. For more about him, see this profile:
  
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/books/6718768/Nevil-Shute-profile.html

This torrent contains the following works, divided into three sequential thematic categories: Prewar; War; and Australia. Book formats include epub and mobi for every title, and several also have other formats, such at plain text, lit or rtf.

PREWAR

Marazan (1926); a convict rescues a downed pilot who helps him break up a drug ring.

So Disdained (1928), written soon after the General Strike of 1926, reflected the debate in British Society about socialism and considered whether Italian fascism was an effective antidote.

Lonely Road (1932): This novel deals with conspiracies and counterconspiracies, in an experimental writing style.

Ruined City (1938; U.S. title: Kindling) a rich banker revives a town economically with a shipbuilding company through questionable financial dealings. He goes to jail for fraud, but the shipyard revives. Ruined City was distilled from Shute's experiences in trying to set up his own aircraft company.

WAR

What Happened to the Corbetts (1938; U.S Title: Ordeal), forecasts the bombing of Southampton.

Pied Piper (1942). An old man rescues seven children (one of them the niece of a Gestapo officer) from France during the Nazi invasion.

Pastoral (1944): Crew relations and love at an airbase in rural surroundings in wartime England.

Most Secret (1945): Unconventional attacks on German forces using a French fishing boat.

The Chequer Board (1947): A dying man looks up three wartime comrades. The novel contains an interesting discussion of racism in the American Army: British townsfolk prefer the company of black soldiers.

AUSTRALIA

No Highway (1948): An eccentric "boffin" at RAE Farnborough predicts metal fatigue in a new airliner. Interestingly, the Comet failed for just this reason several years later, in 1954. Set in Britain and Canada.

A Town Like Alice (1950; U.S. title: The Legacy): the hero and heroine meet while both are prisoners of the Japanese. After the war they seek each other out and reunite in a small Australian town that would have no future if not for her plans to turn it into "a town like Alice."

Round the Bend (1951), about a new religion developing around an aircraft mechanic. Shute considered this his best novel. It tackles racism, condemning the White Australia policy.

The Far Country (1952): A young woman travels to Australia. A condemnation of British socialism and the national health service.

In the Wet (1953); an Anglican priest tells the story of an Australian aviator. This embraces a drug-induced flash forward to Britain in the 1980s. The novel criticizes British socialism.

Requiem for a Wren (1955; U.S. title: The Breaking Wave): The story of a young British woman who, plagued with guilt after shooting down a plane carrying Polish refugees in World War II, moves to Australia to work anonymously for the parents of her (now deceased) Australian lover, whilst the lover's brother searches for her in Britain.

Beyond the Black Stump (1956): The ethical standards of an unconventional family living in a remote part of Australia are compared with those of a conventional family living in Oregon.

On the Beach (1957), Shute's best-known novel, is set in Melbourne, whose population is awaiting death from the effects of an atomic war. It was serialized in more than 40 newspapers, and adapted into a 1959 film starring Gregory Peck and Ava Gardner. In 2007, Gideon Haigh wrote an article in The Monthly arguing that On the Beach is Australia's most important novel: "Most novels of apocalypse posit at least a group of survivors and the semblance of hope. On The Beach allows nothing of the kind."

The Rainbow and the Rose (1958): One man's three love stories; narration shifts from the narrator to the main character and back.

Trustee from the Toolroom (1960) about the recovery of a lost legacy of diamonds from a wrecked sailboat. Set in Britain, the Pacific Islands and the U.S. northwest.

Shute also published his autobiography Slide Rule: Autobiography of an Engineer in 1954.		