Raines of Wind Canyon Series (1-8) by Kat Martin in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

Note* All book descriptions can't fit just google the others.

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Against the Wind (Raines of Wind Canyon #1) by Kat Martin (December 28th 2010)

They were known as the "no-account Raines boys" but they've grown into successful, honorable men and everything they have, they've fought for tooth and nail. Now each of the three brothers has one last obstacle to overcome to claim what's eluding them: love.Secrets don't stay buried long in cattle country. Sarah Allen, the beautiful girl who humiliated Jackson Raines in high school, is back in town. Not so long ago, she couldn't wait to leave Wind Canyon, Wyoming, in her dust. But, recently widowed, she has nowhere else to go and finds herself on Jackson's ranch. And despite everything, Jackson's finding himself reluctant to get rid of her.

Sarah brings her own kind of trouble, and he can't resist trouble. Enemies of her dead husband show up making threats, thinking she has something they're owed. They're not taking no for an answer, but what they will take is the one thing she has left--her daughter. Jackson's the only one who might be able to save little Holly and bring her home.

Book 2: Against the Fire (Raines of Wind Canyon #2) by Kat Martin (January 25th 2011)

You can't fight what you can't see. And Gabriel Raines can't be sure just who's setting the fires in his new real-estate development. When two fires hit back-to-back, he knows it's personal, but any number of competitors or ex-employees could be the arsonist.The police suspect Angel Ramirez, a local teen who's been in trouble before. But Mattie Baker, a volunteer at the Family Abuse center, just can't believe the kid she's been working with would go back to his delinquent ways.

Determined to convince Gabe that she's right, Mattie must get close to him and find out who's putting their neighborhood in jeopardy. And just as the arsonist's flames continue to burn, they find a heat developing between them. It might just turn into a full-fledged fire┬àif they can survive long enough.

Book 3: Against the Law (Raines of Wind Canyon #3) by Kat Martin (February 22nd 2011)


Book 4: Against the Storm (Raines of Wind Canyon #4) by Kat Martin (October 25th 2011)



Book 5: Against the Night (Raines of Wind Canyon #5) by Kat Martin (February 28th 2012)


Book 7: Against the Odds (Raines of Wind Canyon #7) by Kat Martin (December 18th 2012)

"Mr. Justice! Mr. Justice, can you give us a moment of your time?"Sabrina Eckhart stared at the news broadcast on KTRK-TV. She had watched the segment run on an earlier edition, but found herself watching it again.

The reporter, a small man with dark hair and a determined expression, hurried to keep up with Alex Justice's long strides as he walked out of the downtown Houston Police Department building. "Mr. Justice!" At the sight of several TV cameras, Alex's steps reluctantly slowed.

"Everyone in the city is grateful for what you did," the reporter said. "People are calling you a hero. What do you think about that?" The man thrust a microphone into Alex's handsome face. Six two, dark blond hair and blue eyes, always dressed as if he'd just stepped out of a GQ magazine, Alex Justice was an amazing-looking man.

"I'm a private investigator," Alex said. "I did what I was paid to doΓÇöfind evidence that would identify the killer of a ten-year-old girl. I was lucky enough to make that happen. There's nothing heroic about it."

"It's been said you'll do anything to catch your man. Is that true?"

Alex just kept walking. There wasn't a glimpse of the deep dimples bracketing his mouth that Rina remembered so well. She hadn't seen him in more than six months, not since the day her best friend, Sage Du-mont, married Jake Cantrell, one of Alex's best friends.

Rina watched him stride away until he disappeared offscreen, then the camera cut to the reporter, who relayed the story of the little girl who had been abducted, sexually abused and murdered three years ago. Ten-year-old Carrie Wiseman's killer had never been foundΓÇönot until Alex Justice had come up with DNA evidence that directly linked the girl to a neighbor who lived down the street from her home.

Two days ago, the neighbor, Edward Bagley

Book 8: Against the Edge (Raines of Wind Canyon #8) by Kat Martin (April 30th 2013)

A child he's never met. A danger he's never known. 

Deep in the humid, rank heart of the Louisiana bayou, a survivalist group has something that belongs to former navy SEAL Ben Slocum: his son. 

That he's a father is news Ben Slocum was not expecting. But once the initial shock wears off for the confirmed bachelor, he takes in the rest of what social worker Claire Chastain tells him: that Sam is in the custody of an abusive degenerate, that they've disappeared...and that Ben is now the child's only hope. 

As Ben and Claire band together to track the two down, their concern for the boy draws them closer, each fighting feelings there's no time to explore. Because when their search takes them too close to Sam's abductor and his cohorts, the danger hits home-the son he's desperate to save, the woman he's desperate to love... Ben's got one chance to take back what's his, and in one gunshot he could lose it all.
