Scott G. Brown, Mark’s Other Gospel: Rethinking Morton Smith’s Controversial Discovery. Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2005.

   ISBN 9780889204614 | 360 pages | PDF


Stephen C. Carlson, The Gospel Hoax: Morton Smith's Invention of Secret Mark. Baylor University Press, 2005.

   ISBN 9781932792485 | 170 pages | PDF


Peter Jeffery, The Secret Gospel of Mark Unveiled: Imagined Rituals of Sex, Death, and Madness in a Biblical Forgery. Yale University Press, 2007.

   ISBN 9780300117608 | 352 pages | PDF


The Secret Gospel of Mark is a putative non-canonical Christian gospel written for an initiated elite. The sensational discovery first became known to modern scholarship in 1958 when Morton Smith, a young assistant professor at Columbia University, visited the monastery of Mar Saba near Jerusalem and photographed its fragments from a previously unknown letter of Clement of Alexandria. The original manuscript was subsequently transferred to another monastery and is now believed to be lost. Further research has relied upon photographs and copies, including those made by Smith himself.

The revelation of the letter caused a firestorm of controversy and was soon met with accusations of forgery and misrepresentation. Subsequent study, including handwriting analysis of higher quality color photographs of the document, revealed more possible evidence of forgery, leading scholars to conclude the work is a hoax, with Smith being the most likely perpetrator.

The following three books address the controversy:

In Mark’s Other Gospel: Rethinking Morton Smith’s Controversial Discovery (2005), Scott G. Brown offers a defence of the likely authenticity of the Clement of Alexander letter; at a minimum, he makes a case that -- scholarly bombast aside -- forgery has not been proven. First he provides a transcript of the Greek text and an English translation of both Clement’s "Letter to Theodore" and citations of the fragments of the "Longer Gospel of Mark." Then, Brown offers a rethinking of the document, treating the history of scholarly assessments of the text, including whether or not Clement’s letter and the gospel fragments are authentic or a forgery (ancient or modern); and if the former, whether these fragments constitute an "apocryphal" pastiche of the canonical gospels, a pre-canoncical version of Mark, a "secret" gnostic gospel, a catechetical supplement for baptism, or (as Brown argues) a longer, esoteric version of Mark’s Gospel.

In The Gospel Hoax: Morton Smith's Invention of Secret Mark (2005), Stephen C. Carlson spells out his case that Morton Smith, himself, was both the author and the scribe of Mar Saba manuscript. When Carlson examined the photographs supplied by Smith, he claimed to observe a "forger's tremor." Thus, according to Carlson the letters had not actually been written at all, but drawn with shaky pen lines and with lifts of the pen in the middle of strokes. Carlson also claims that his comparisons with Morton Smith's typical rendering of Greek letters (such as in his own correspondence and notes) reveal that the unusual formation of the letters theta and lambda in the Mar Saba text matched Smith's own peculiar formation of those letters.

Finally, in The Secret Gospel of Mark Unveiled: Imagined Rituals of Sex, Death, and Madness in a Biblical Forgery (2007), Peter Jeffery also accuses Morton Smith of forgery, arguing that Smith wrote the Mar Saba document with the purpose of "creat[ing] the impression that Jesus practised homosexuality". Through close examination of the "discovered" manuscript’s text, Jeffery unravels the answers to the mystery and tells the tragic tale of an estranged Episcopalian priest who forged an ancient gospel and fooled many of the best biblical scholars of his time. Jeffery argues that Smith’s Secret Gospel is steeped in anachronisms and that its construction was influenced by Oscar Wilde’s Salomé, twentieth-century misunderstandings of early Christian liturgy, and Smith’s personal struggles with Christian sexual morality and his own homosexuality.
