Rocco's Bitch Party (2010)

Scene 1. Carla Cox, Defrancesca Gallardo, Tarra White, Csoky, Cristian Devil, David Perry, Ian Scott
Scene 2. Bobbi Starr, Sindee Jennings, Rocco Siffredi
Scene 3. Adrianna Nicole, Rachel Roxxx, Cristian Devil
DVD Bonus. Carla Cox, Rocco Siffredi
DVD Bonus. Rachel Roxxx, Rocco Siffredi
DVD Bonus. Defrancesca Gallardo, Rocco Siffredi
DVD Bonus. Adrianna Nicole, Rocco Siffredi
DVD Bonus. Tarra White, Rocco Siffredi

Reviewed by: The Sexecutioner

Rocco’s first group of bitches is made up of Carla Cox, Defrancesca Gallardo and Tarra White. The girls take part in a volleyball game and team up against Christian Devil, Csoky Ice, David Perry and Ian Scott. The women win the match and celebrate with some alcohol, fruit and pizza. Their party degenerates into a food fight that sees the guys douse the girls with champagne while the girls mash pizza in the loser’s faces.

Then the girls decide to change their outfits for something sexier. The boys are left with no choice but to watch from afar as Carla, Defrancesca and Tarra screw each other. I must say that the girls do a nice job of eating one another. It’s also nice that Carla and Tarra don’t shy away from eating ass. Along with Carla, Defrancesca also cleans ass juice off of a dildo. The guys are eventually invited over and a lot of blowing ensues. The girls get back to back so each guy can quickly go from one mouth to another. The girls are often forced to go deep. Carla is particularly good at this and Tarra also holds her own. After this, the guys have ample time to fuck each pussy. They bang away for a while then switch it up for some anal. Each girl’s ass gets penetrated and the guys take whichever butt they please. There’s ass to mouth from Tarra and Defrancesca, but neither of them ever do it more than twice. Things get especially filthy for Carla and Tarra since they both end up getting DP. The girls offer up their faces so that the guys can come on their mouths. None of the loads are really big, but the girls make things extra sloppy by swapping spit and kissing with the cum still streaming from their lips.

Rocco pays a visit to California. He pays a visit to Bobbi Starr, who has a maid (played by Sindee Jennings) catering to her every need. Bobbi makes good use of her hired hand by examining her pussy and thoroughly fucking it with a dildo. Before long, Rocco arrives and is greeted by Sindee. He spends a lot of time exclusively with her. She blows him in mostly average fashion. Rocco does some ass eating before and during the sex. He eats puss and also gets additional head from Sindee. The sex borders on being rough and is pretty hot.

Bobbi shows up after Rocco has given her maid a good round of screwing and is eager to join the party. She deep throats his pecker several times and is soon getting her pussy filled with cock. The sex takes place by a pool, but Rocco gets in the water with the girls and forces them to suck him off while their heads are held underwater. Needless to say, the blowing is intense. Bobbi also gives up her ass for Rocco and he consistently gets every inch inside it. Sindee is there to clean off ass juice and does so more than a couple of times. Bobbi is also into ATM and does so about three times. The girls even go so far as to eat Rocco’s ass. He pops on both faces then watches as the girls make out.

All the participants in the last scene are wearing costumes. Christian Devil is dressed as a Wolfman. He arrives to find Rachel Roxxx, who’s dressed in sexy leopard attire, humping a stuffed animal. She blows Christian and consistently takes a good measure of his cock. Christian then gets to fuck her pussy. Adriana Nicole swings by and bitches at Christian before pushing him into a pool. They settle their differences then head indoors with Rachel.

Things get really filthy once they’re all inside. When the double blowjob commences, Adriana drools on Rachel’s face. With that done, Christian spends some time tapping Adriana’s puss before pounding her thick ass. The anal is made even more intense since Rachel repeatedly goes from ass to mouth. She must taste her pal’s ass juice at least ten times and she rarely does any swiping. As if this weren’t enough, Rachel even eats Adriana’s butthole a couple of times. The latter also gets credit for tasting Rachel’s lovely bottom. Christian scores a solid cumshot to Rachel’s mouth and she cleans off his cock. A cumswap and some hot kissing between the ladies end a great movie.

There’s some very filthy action in this movie. Since the girls are so nasty, I found this to be a considerably stimulating experience. If you’re into rough oral, there’s a good amount of it in each scene. None of the scenes where disappointing to me. No matter their looks, all of the girls deserve credit for going to extremes. Rachel Roxxx is the sexiest chick of the bunch and garners additional props for sucking off all that ass juice as well as eating ass. As if the main feature weren’t enough, there an additional fifty-five minutes of must see BTS footage in which Rocco fucks some of the girls. I don’t get a lot of Evil Angel movies, but after watching this one, I’m dieing for more.