APPLICATION : WinImage 9.00 Incl Keygen
	 OS : Win
       TYPE : ISO Application
        WWW : http://www.winimage.com
    RELDATE : 25/04/2013
 PROTECTION : Serial
 CRKRELDATE : 19/05/2013

INSTALLATION: Choose 32-bit or the 64-bit WinImage version.
              Go to options, WinImage mode selection, select professional mode.
              Use keygen to generate your serial.

       NOTES: Well, it's years since I published something, today I had to do it.
              I felt a bit rusty so it feels great to return to the assemblercode
              and feel, there it is, the habit, love it! 
              So the pure reason for this release...
              
              This keygen is dedicated to the Swedish ppl!

              World Ice Hockey Champions 2013!

ABOUT:

WinImage is a fully-fledged disk-imaging suite for easy creation, reading and editing of 
many image formats and fileystems, including DMF, VHD, FAT, ISO, NTFS and Linux. The disk 
image is an exact copy of a physical disk (floppy, CD-ROM, hard disk, USB, VHD disk, etc.) 
or a partition that preserves the original structure. With WinImage in place, you can recreate 
the disk image on the hard drive or other media, view its content, extract image-based files, 
add new files and directories, change the format, and defragment the image. All this and more 
is delivered in one intuitive user interface that enables imaging right out of the box.

WinImage has many cool features!

 * Create a disk image from a removable drive (like USB drive), CD-ROM, floppy,
 * Extract file(s) from a disk image,
 * Create empty disk images,
 * Inject files and directories into an existing disk image,
 * Change a disk image format,
 * Defragment a disk image,
 * A powerful "Batch assistant" mode that lets you automate many operations,
 * And many more! 

New for version 9.00

WinImage can be used as portable software (without installation and registry modification),
using Xml preference options. Write FAT16 or Fat32 bootable image to a removable drive, after
erasing, and rebuild partitition table.

etc. etc.