Freddi Fish and the Case of the Missing Kelp Seeds (1994)

In this game, Grandma Grouper's treasure chest of kelp seeds is stolen, and Freddi and Luther go off in search of the thieves, who turn out to be two sharks. (One is called Spongehead, but the other is never called anything but Boss.) Thankfully, Spongehead has a bad memory, so he left a trail of notes in bottles leading to the chest. This game, as well as its subsequent titles, won several awards upon release. It is now a Wii game, too, known as Freddi Fish in Kelp Seed Mystery.[1].

Released : Windows/Mac: October 28, 1994, reissued in February 1998 and October 2008 .Wii: September 2, 2008. iOS/Google Play: April-December 2013


Freddi Fish 2: The Case of the Haunted Schoolhouse (1996)

When Freddi and Luther are at school one morning, a ghost appears and tries to steal Luther's Codfish Commando action figure. Following the ghost to the basement of the school, they discover that the ghost is just someone wearing a ghost costume. They then plan a trap to catch the ghost, but they are missing some objects needed for the trap.

Released : Windows/Mac: March 29, 1996, rerelease in December 10, 1999, September 10, 2002, and February 19, 2011. PC Download: February 20, 2005 iOS/Google Play: April-December 2013


Freddi Fish 3: The Case of the Stolen Conch Shell (1998)

The Conch shell which is blown to signal the beginning of the Founder's Day Festival has been stolen, and Luther's Uncle Blenny is blamed because he is the ‘Grand Exalted Keeper of the Conch’. Freddi and Luther search for the real thief to clear Uncle Blenny's name and prove that he did not steal the conch. They search and investigate the suspicious characters to find out who really did it.

Released : March 6, 1998, rereleased in March 2006.

There is a version for both iOS and Google Play.  Released Jan 12, 2012.  Developed by Nimbus Games Inc.


Freddi Fish 4: The Case of the Hogfish Rustlers of Briny Gulch (1999)

Freddi and Luther (upon arrival at Freddi's Cousin Calico's Ranch) come to find out that her hogfish have been rustled (which in Calico's way means “someone came in and took them without asking”). Luther and Freddi head to the town square, in search of clues to find the rustlers. While in Saltwater Stella's Soda Saloon, they stumble upon their first clue—a note with a secret combination on it. Freddi and Luther figure this must be important, so they must investigate where the combination is. After checking the town square out a bit (or getting some help from Saltwater Stella), they find an abandoned ship with a huge lock on the metal door and a combination required. After entering the combination, they meet up with the first rustler, a slim fish dressed in ‘what the well dressed rustlers are wearing’. He then says, since Freddi and Luther aren't wearing these things, they mustn't be rustlers. The rustlers are seriously fashion-cautious, so they won't accept Freddi and Luther until they have the proper attire. Freddi and Luther must search all over in order to find a ten-gallon hat (dyed a different color each game), a belt, and a belt buckle (different letter each game), and either a handerkechief or a bow-tie accessory. Then, they can get in in order to liberate the hogfish. Finally, Luther and Freddi need to find out who the mysterious Mr. Big is. (Mr. Big could be anyone of the townsfolk who had the idea of hog-napping.) In the end, the rustlers get to get their dream job—hogfish ranching. (They are now helping out at Cousin Calico's Ranch.) During the credits, Freddi Fish and Luther sing “Home on the Range”.

Released : NA: October 29, 1999(pre-order date), November 5, 1999(street date) Rereleased: March 2007 and February 2013. UK: 2001


Freddi Fish 5: The Case of the Creature of Coral Cove (2001)

Freddi and Luther (on their way to Coral Cove Park) run into a large mob of sea creatures and the park's developer Marty Sardini, who are both angry yet terrified of this sea monster supposedly terrorizing the park. Freddi and Luther decide to investigate why this sea monster is scaring the citizens. Firstly, they get into Coral Cove Park (after getting a permission slip signed by the Mayor) and enter to find a chunk of green sea cheese with a large bite taken out of it. Freddi and Luther continue to examine it, and it becomes their first clue to locate the sea monster's whereabouts. After they get into the sea monster's cave and find his to-do list, they discover he is lurking in the deepest crevice of the ocean. Freddi and Luther then come to realize that the sea monster named Xamfear Duncan Dogberry Valentine was driven out of Coral Cove Park by a certain greedy developer and was scaring the townspeople because they took his home. Luther figures this must mean Marty. Just as Xamfear is about to show Freddi and Luther his deed for proof, Marty and everyone in town arrive. Marty states that ‘there is no such deed’. Suddenly, Xamfear (after checking the place he had the deed—under a piece of ground) comes to discover the deed has been stolen. Freddi and Luther find that Marty is missing as well. Together, Freddi and Luther slip into Marty's base and, after dodging traps, find the hidden deed Marty has stolen. Marty catches them at his place and calls security right when the Mayor (after getting his picture taken) shows up to arrest Marty for theft. All's well that ends well: Xamfear Duncan Dogberry Valentine opens up the Park for everyone to play in, while Marty does the dirty work.

Released : June 19, 2001