-Cheiro's "Book of Numbers"

You will find herein something which you can apply and use in 
your own life and affairs. Cheiro the world famous seer tells you all,
in this book, about thr secret power numbers, these Numbers can make 
you predict your own future accurately. Learn, how by adopting a minor 
change in your name you can turn your bad luck into profitable gains. 
Numbers of Names - Dates - Health - Diseases - Herbs - Colours - 
Cities - Racing & Mystery.

-Ellis Taylor "Esoteric Alphabet"

This work will show that alphabets are intentionally designed
multi-layered esoteric affairs and that the modern English
alphabet is unequivocally, in my view, constructed according to
the King James Biblical Genesis Creation story. To help guard
the truth of what some ancient astrologer priests composed to
teach and entertain initiates about the true nature of our lifejourney,
threats have been issued throughout the Bible, warning
against using the means that were applied in its construction.
The Fishers of men control every aspect of communication, from
the media who cast the line to the tackle they use and the hook
we swallow ΓÇô baited with innocuous seeming morsels that we
call letters. It might surprise you but both the Bible and the
alphabet are not only esoteric they are erotic! Like the most
thrilling stories, it is full of sex, drugs and rock and roll ΓÇô By
Heck Marge! Get that book from under that table leg!

-Jean Baudrillard "Simulacra and Simulation"

Simulacra and Simulation is most known for its discussion of symbols, 
signs, and how they relate to contemporaneity (simultaneous existences). 
Baudrillard claims that our current society has replaced all reality and 
meaning with symbols and signs, and that human experience is of a simulation 
of reality. Moreover, these simulacra are not merely mediations of reality, 
nor even deceptive mediations of reality; they are not based in a reality 
nor do they hide a reality, they simply hide that anything like reality is 
irrelevant to our current understanding of our lives. The simulacra that 
Baudrillard refers to are the significations and symbolism of culture and 
media that construct perceived reality, the acquired understanding by which 
our lives and shared existence is and are rendered legible; Baudrillard 
believed that society has become so saturated with these simulacra and our 
lives so saturated with the constructs of society that all meaning was being 
rendered meaningless by being infinitely mutable. Baudrillard called this 
phenomenon the "precession of simulacra".

-Mark Booth "Secret History of the World"

They say that history is written by the victors. But what if history-or what 
we come to know as history-has been written by the wrong people? What if 
everything we've been told is only part of the story?

In this groundbreaking and now famous work, Mark Booth embarks on an enthralling
tour of our world's secret histories. Starting from a dangerous premise-that
everything we've known about our world's past is corrupted, and that the 
stories put forward by the various cults and mystery schools throughout 
history are true-Booth produces nothing short of an alternate history of the 
past 3,000 years.

From Greek and Egyptian mythology to Jewish folklore, from Christian cults to 
Freemasons, from Charlemagne to Don Quixote, from George Washington to Hitler- 
Booth shows that history needs a revolutionary rethink, and he has 3,000 years 
of hidden wisdom to back it up.

-Michael Drosnin "The Bible Code"

0n September 1, 1994, I flew to Israel and met in Jerusalem with a close friend 
of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, the poet Chaim Guri. I gave him a letter which 
he immediately gave to the Prime Minister.
"An Israeli mathematician has discovered a hidden code in the Bible that appears 
to reveal the details of events that took place thousands of years after the 
Bible was written," my letter to Rabin stated.

"The reason I'm telling you about this is that the only time your full name Yitzhak 
Rabin is encoded in the Bible, the words 'assassin that will assassinate' cross 
your name."

On November 4, 1995, came the awful confirmation, a shot in the back from a man 
who believed he was on a mission from God, the murder that was encoded in the Bible
three thousand years ago.

-Richard Cavendish "The Black Arts"

This book describes in detail the practice, theory, and underlying rationale of 
black magic in all its branches - the summoning and control of evil spirits, 
necromancy, psychic attack, Devil worship, witchcraft, the Black Mass, evil 
charms and spells - as well as other branches of occult theory - numerology, 
astrology, alchemy, the Cabala, the tarot. Ancient black magic, the beliefs 
and practices of the great black magicians of the past 150 years, and the theories 
of cabalists, astrologers, and numerologists of the present day are all fully
covered in this book.
