Bullet - The Entrance To Hell [1970-71][2010]





01. Door Opens    
02. Millionaire   
03. No Witch At All    
04. Taken Alive    
05. The Soul That I Had    
06. Entrance To Hell   
07. The Orchestrator    
08. Hell, Demonic Possession   
09. Fortunes Told   
10. Sinister Minister    
11. Jam (The Rock)   
12. Time Gambler   
13. Monster In Paradise    
14. Jay Time    
15. Mr Longevity   
16. Door Slams   
17. Jam (The Taker)





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



 Hard Stuff was an English hard rock (possibly a heavy metal predecessor) group, which included John Du Cann and Paul Hammond, formerly of Atomic Rooster. Also in the line-up were vocalist Harry Shaw, formerly of Curiosity Shoppe and latterly Export, and John Gustafson, formerly of Quatermass.

Du Cann and Hammond had left Atomic Rooster due to disagreements with Vincent Crane over the increasingly bluesy, soulful direction he wanted to take that band in. Consequently, compared with Atomic Rooster's more progressive leanings, Hard Stuff were based more heavily on aggressive guitar.

Originally, Du Cann, Hammond and Shaw had formed a band provisionally entitled Daemon, with the intention of eventually touring and recording under the name Atomic Rooster. Gustafson was invited to join them on that basis, but after finding out that Crane retained the rights to the Atomic Rooster name, the quartet decided to continue anyway, but under the name Bullet instead.

As Bullet, the band released one single, "Hobo", the first on Deep Purple's Purple Records label. Following that release, however, they were prompted to change their name yet again, this time to Hard Stuff, due to a legal threat from a US band also called Bullet.

Hard Stuff toured heavily across Europe, particularly in Germany and Italy, often as support to Deep Purple and Uriah Heep. Their career was curtailed by a car crash in which Du Cann and Hammond were badly injured. Although the release of a second album went ahead, the band were soon to fold.

Hard Stuff's first album featured Shaw, but he had left the band by the time of its release and was uncredited.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Bullet: The Entrance to Hell (Angel Air) (these recordings were previously unofficially released under the invented band name Daemon)
These recordings feature Al Shaw on lead vocals, who left Bullet before they renamed to Hard Stuff.

