No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

Zip and manage content
Compressing large files and folders makes them easier to transfer and saves storage space. Choose files from your PC using simple, drag-and-drop functionality or get files you?ÇÖve stored on Box, SkyDrive, Dropbox or Google Drive to zip instantly. Zip files are perfect for sharing because they let you organize multiple files into one convenient package. 

Unzip anything
Extract content from the industry's widest selection of compressed file types, including Zip, Zipx, RAR, 7Zip, BZ2, LHA/LZH and many more. When extracting encrypted files, WinZip auto-wipes all temporarily extracted copies to prevent misuse.

NEW! Share with the cloud
WinZip connects directly to Box, SkyDrive, Dropbox and Google Drive so you can organize all your cloud files at once. Use WinZip to zip and save large files to the cloud or retrieve files or links to share via email. Secure your files and save precious online storage space by zipping and encrypting them first. 

NEW! Zip and share to social media
Use ZipShare to share any type of file toTwitter and LinkedIn. Keep everyone in the loop by posting content to all three social networks at once. Simply select the files you want to share, compose your message, and pick the social networks where you want your files to go. 

Email large files with ease
Use the integrated ZipSend file delivery service to send oversized files or entire folders using your own email. ZipSend automatically zips and uploads your files to the cloud, then adds a link to the files in your email message. Send up to 50MB per message for free or try ZipSend Pro to send up to 2GB.

NEW! Convert files to PDF
Share content the right way by converting to PDF. WinZip makes it easy to convert Microsoft Office files to PDF as you zip, making them ready to share with anyone. For extra protection, consider creating a read-only PDF. 

NEW! Create share-ready images
Convert high-resolution images to more convenient sharing sizes instantly when adding them to your Zip. This lets you share entire albums with ease while keeping full-quality originals on file. 

Preview files and folders
WinZip's convenient previewing functionality lets you browse the contents of a Zip before deciding if you need to unzip it. The advanced 'Unzip and Try' feature lets you temporarily review related components within a Zip (such as an HTML page and its associated graphics) without having to extract the Zip first.

Secure confidential information
Protect your files from unauthorized access by applying banking-level security with 128- or 256-bit AES encryption. For extra security, set your own password policy by defining complexity requirements that WinZip will enforce for you. 

NEW! Add watermarks
Deter unauthorized copying, add traceability and protect your intellectual property by adding custom watermarks to images and PDFs. You control how and where the watermark appears.

Back up your files, automatically
Back up your documents, email, desktop, favorites, pictures, libraries and more with just a click by setting up custom jobs to automatically zip and archive your important files. Simplify the process and free yourself from repetitive zipping and archiving tasks by using predefined jobs. 

Get more from portable media
Prevent data loss by zipping and backing up your important data and burning it directly to Blu-ray Disc, CD or DVD. You choose if you want to back up your whole computer or just specific files. If necessary, WinZip Pro will automatically split your backups over multiple disks.

System Requirements
WinZip 17 integrates seamlessly with: 

- Microsoft Windows 8 
- Windows 7 
- Windows Vista 
- Windows XP 

Language : English

Homepage :   
http://www.winzip.com/win/en/prodpagewz.htm	