see more:  http://www.oodegr.com/english/papismos/papismos.htm

Basic Points of Difference between the Orthodox Church and Papism
What are the differences between the Catholic Church and the Oriental Orthodox Churches?

  a. Regarding the place of St. Peter

According to the Catholic Church, St. Peter is the foundation stone of the Church. Therefore, Peter has authority over the whole Church. 
The Orthodox Churches believe the authority is given to all Apostles who are called by Jesus – not to just one Apostle (Ephesians 2:20). The teaching of the Orthodox Churches regarding the foundation stone (Matthew 16:18) and the keys of the kingdom of heaven (Matthew 16:19) are synoptically given below: 

a) The Foundation Stone: 
1  Christ is the real Rock: “…the Rock was Christ” (1 Corinthians 10:4). 
2  Peter declared the faith of the Apostles; and the rock is their faith, upon which the Church is built.
3  Peter believed and confessed his faith, signifying the Church is built up of true believers, who are the rock.

b) The Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven: 
The Keys represent the authority to bind and loose or to forgive sins (Matthew 16:19). Jesus gave the authority ‘to bind and loose’ to all disciples (Matthew 18:18; John 20:23) 
b. Regarding the position of the Bishop of Rome 
The Catholic Church teaches that the Bishop of Rome is the ambassador of Christ, the head of the whole visible church of Peter, and is the symbol of unity of the Church. It teaches not only that the Pope has the supreme authority but also that he is infallible. 
The Orthodox Churches teach that all Priests are ambassadors of Christ, and that Peter does not have any special authority over the Church. Because all Apostles are equal as far as priestly rights are concerned, there is no need for a visible head for the whole church except Christ, and that the Holy Synods are the symbol of unity of the visible Church. They affirm that the supreme authority of Peter and the infallibility of the Pope are not in line with Christian principles. 
c. Divine and human natures in Christ 
In accordance with the Chalcedon Council, the Catholic Church gives emphasis to the separate divine and human natures in Jesus Christ. The Oriental Orthodox Churches, rejecting the decision of the Chalcedon Council, teach the unity of the divine-human nature in Jesus Christ. 
d. Number of Universal Synods 
The Roman Catholic Church recognises 21 Universal Synods while the Oriental Orthodox Churches recognise only the first three synods of Nicea, Constantinople and Ephesus. 
e. Addition of Filioque clause 
The Catholic Church altered the Nicene Creed regarding the Holy Spirit (Filioque) by adding proceeding “from the Son also”, which the Orthodox Churches reject. 
f. Immaculate conception of St. Mary 
The Catholic Church teaches that Virgin Mary was born sinless. The Orthodox Churches believe that Christ died for humanity, including St. Mary. And she was made holy for the incarnation of the Son of God, with the annunciation of Gabriel. 
g.Transubstantiation 
The Catholic Church teaches the dogma of Transubstantiation, which means the Bread and Wine in the Holy Eucharist undergoes a change of substance literally into the Body and Blood of Christ, without change of appearance. The Orthodox Churches believe in the real presence of the Body and Blood of Christ in the Holy Eucharist, without change of substance. The Orthodox dogma is called Consubstantiation.