


Sting & The Police
The Very Best Of Sting & The Police (2002)





allmusic.com...


The Police - 

Nominally, the Police were punk rock, but that's only in the loosest sense of the term. The trio's nervous, reggae-injected pop/rock was punky, but it wasn't necessarily punk. All three members were considerably more technically proficient than the average punk or new wave band. Andy Summers had a precise guitar attack that created dense, interlocking waves of sounds and effects. Stewart Copeland could play polyrhythms effortlessly. And Sting, with his high, keening voice, was capable of constructing infectiously catchy pop songs. While they weren't punk, the Police certainly demonstrated that the punk spirit could have a future in pop music. As their career progressed, the Police grew considerably more adventurous, experimenting with jazz and various world musics. All the while, the band's tight delivery and mastery of the pop single kept their audience increasing, and by 1983, they were the most popular rock & roll band in the world. Though they were at the height of their fame, internal tensions caused the band to splinter apart in 1984, with Sting picking up the majority of the band's audience to become an international superstar. 


Sting - 

After disbanding the Police at the peak of their popularity in 1984, Sting quickly established himself as a viable solo artist, one obsessed with expanding the boundaries of pop music. Sting incorporated heavy elements of jazz, classical, and worldbeat into his music, writing lyrics that were literate and self-consciously meaningful, and he was never afraid to emphasize this fact in the press. For such unabashed ambition, he was equally loved and reviled, with supporters believing that he was at the forefront of literate, intelligent rock and his critics finding his entire body of work pompous. Either way, Sting remained one of pop's biggest superstars for the first ten years of his solo career, before his record sales began to slip. 


Audio Quality:		FLAC (Lossless)
Audiochecker:	     	99.78% CDDA
Label:			A&M Records
Catalog:		069 493 252-2





Audio Info:


01.The Police - Message In A Bottle
02.The Police - Can't Stand Losing You
03.Sting - Englishman In New York
04.The Police - Every Breath You Take
05.Sting - Seven Days
06.The Police - Walking On The Moon
07.Sting - Fields Of Gold
08.Sting - Fragile
09.The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic
10.The Police - De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da
11.Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free
12.Sting - Brand New Day
13.Sting - Desert Rose
14.Sting - If I Ever Lose My Faith In You
15.Sting - When We Dance (Edit)
16.The Police - Don't Stand So Close To Me
17.The Police - Roxanne
18.The Police - So Lonely









Thanks for Seeding
Enjoy...

