Oz Complete Season 3 [Dual]
 
http://www.hbo.com/oz/index.html

Format: Avi
Video: Dimensions: 640 x 480 Codec: XVID MPEG-4, Frame Rate: 25 frames per second
Audio: English, Spanish, Codec: MPEG 1 Audio, Layer 3 (MP3), Stereo Channels, Freq. Sampling: 24000 Hz Bitrate: 160 Kbps
Size: 4.30 GB

Original Title: Oz
Creator Tom Fontana
Executive Producer: Tom Fontana, Barry Levinson and Jim Finnerty
Studio: HBO
Genre: Drama
Season: 6
Years 1997 - 2003
Broadcast in USA: closed
Cast:
Kirk Acevedo - Prisoner # 97A41 Miguel Alvarez
Adewale Akinnuoye - Prisoner # 93A234 Simon Adebisi
Edie Falco - Officer Diane Whittlesey [seasons 1-3]
Ernie Hudson - Warden Leo Glynn
Rita Moreno - Sister Peter Marie Reimondo
Harold Perrineau - Prisoner # 95H522 Augustus Hill
J.K. Simmons - Vern Schillinger Prisoner # 92S110
Lee Tergesen - Prisoner # 97B412 Tobias Beecher
Lauren V┼╜lez - Dr. Gloria Nathan
B.D. Wong - Father Ray Mukada
Eamonn Walker - Prisoner # 97S444 Kareem Said
Dean Winters - Prisoner # 97P904 Ryan O'Reily
George Morfogen - Prisoner # 65R814 Bob Rebadow
Terry Kinney - Tim McManus

Synopsis:
------------
In the state of New York is the Oswald Penitentiary, which almost everyone called Oz. There is a jail anyone, but a maximum security prison in which there is an experimental unit, the Emerald City, which aims to get the rehabilitation of prisoners.

Clean, neat, modern and even beautiful, the Emerald City continues to be, however, a prison and like all dangerous. Despite the modern facilities and the emphasis on rehabilitation reward, priority survival remains there ... and fear is a constant companion.

A perfectly constructed characters and a storyline narrated starkly-getting introduce the viewer into the difficult coexistence of prisoners and guards, are the basis of this series acclaimed by public and critics who, over six seasons, has been the recipient of numerous awards (including two Satellite Awards) and nominations (two Emmys). Each chapter focuses on a specific topic, dealing with issues as committed as religion, drugs, sex or the death penalty throughout the day to day inside the prison.

Those responsible for this new concept of confinement are executive producers Barry Levinson (Oscar winner for best director for "Rain Man", director and screenwriter of "Sleepers" and "Liberty Heights", executive producer of "The Perfect Storm") and Tom Fontana, experienced writer and producer for television series and movies.

Third season:
-------------------

1 - The Truth and Nothing But
2 - Napoleon's Boney Parts
3 - Legs
4 - Unnatural Disasters
5 - U.S. Male
6 - Cruel and Unusual Punishments
7 - Secret Identities
8 - Out of Time