The Edible Landscape: Creating a Beautiful and Bountiful Garden with Vegetables, Fruits and Flowers 
by Emily Tepe
Voyageur Press | January 2013 | ISBN-10: 0760341397 | ePUB/PDF | 160 pages | 105/23.1 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Edible-Landscape-Beautiful-Vegetables/dp/0760341397
I have converted the hugh ePUB to a more realistic PDF !

As the fresh food revolution sweeps the nation, more and more people are seeking out delicious offerings from local growers. We have had our fill of tasteless, woody tomatoes from the far reaches of the globe and have begun tasting againΓÇöthanks to farmersΓÇÖ markets and co-opsΓÇöthe real flavors we remember from childhood.
Inspired by these events, people have started growing food in the most unlikely places, including rooftops, abandoned parking lots, and tiny balconies and backyards on average city streets. Individuals and families are taking up the trowel and discovering that gardening can be fun, fulfilling, and, ultimately, delicious. Far from sacrificing their ornamental flowers, creative gardeners can discover the joy of growing food in beautiful, thoughtful gardens overflowing with both color and flavor.
 Creating an attractive and productive garden in your small space might seem impossible, but throughout this book, youΓÇÖll see examples of some wonderful things that can be done, from interesting plant combinations to unique structures and planting beds. If you can banish the thought that vegetables and fruits must be grown in rows and open up to the idea that a tomato plant can be a striking addition to your landscape plan, The Edible Landscape will help you explore some ideas for transforming your yard into a feast for both the eyes and the table.

About the Author 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/e6/98/28d8d99bce8b0ad8976f8e.L._V394449400_SX200_.jpg
As a fruit research associate at the University of Minnesota, and former mural artist and exhibit designer, Emily Tepe looks at the world with both a practical and creative eye. In 2009 she established an edible landscape demonstration garden at the University of Minnesota, and has since been enthralled with the idea of growing food, beautifully, anywhere and everywhere. Her enthusiasm for plants, design, good food, and the outdoors come together in her new book, The Edible Landscape (Voyageur Press, 2013). Emily currently splits her time between two cold climates - Minnesota and Wyoming. She writes about fresh garden ideas and fresh food on her blog, www.artichokesandzinnias.com.

CONTENTS
PREFACE
INTRODUCTION the garden is returning home
CHAPTER 1 how to approach your edible landscape
CHAPTER 2 success is in the details
CHAPTER 3 creating the edible landscape
CHAPTER 4 season of plenty
CHAPTER 5 change of seasons
CHAPTER 6 favorite plants for the edible landscape
APPENDIX selected plants for northern landscapes
RESOURCES
INDEX