nERv

Dishonored Update 3 and The Knife Of Dunwall DLC (c) Bethesda Softworks

04/2013: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: Steam: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Action, 
Adventure

Note: Only the initial Dishonored release is required for this release to
work. The Dishonored: Dunwall City Trials DLC has also been included as it
was updated. Check included text file for a list of what's new in Update 3

In Dishonored: The Knife of Dunwall take on the role of Daud, the legendary
assassin who killed the Empress. This second add-on pack for the
award-winning first person action game from Arkane Studios gives you a new
perspective on Daud, and access to his weapons, gadgets, allies and
supernatural abilities

Story: After assassinating the Empress, and forever changing the fate of
Dunwall, you embark on a search for redemption. The Outsider reveals the key
to your atonement, but who-or what-is Delilah? Accompanied by the Whalers
your loyal band of mercenary assassins, your search will take you through
never-before-seen districts of Dunwall as you face off against new and
terrible foes. Employ a unique arsenal that enhances Dishonored's dynamic
combat, mobility and stealth systems. In the struggle to hang onto the last
shred of your humanity, the choices you make will ultimately determine your
fate

1. Unrar
2. Install the update into the dir where you installed the game
3. Copy over the crack to your &lt;game install&gt;BinariesWin32 directory
4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


Update Includes:


Adds support for DishonoredΓÇÖs upcoming add-on, The Knife of Dunwall. 

Bug Fixes (Dunwall City Trials) 

Fixes a bug in Back Alley Brawl challenge where live grenade remains in playerΓÇÖs hand when restarting match.
Fixes a rare bug in Back Alley Brawl challenge where restarting match while cooking grenade causes disabled left hand.
Fixes a rare bug in Back Alley Brawl challenge where you can fall down into The Void.
Fixes a rare bug in Back Alley Brawl challenge where being killed by player killed by Warfare Overseers will restart challenge with lowered health.
Fixes a bug in both the Back Alley Brawl and Bend Time Massacre challenges where a Headshot bonus is not awarded if an NPC dies after Bend Time II effects end.
Fixes a bug in Bend Time Massacre challenge where Explosive Pistol does not count as an explosive kill.
Fixes a bug in Bend Time Massacre challenge where achieving the Power Combo bonus using Blink is awarding 2 kills.
Fixes a rare bug in Bend Time Massacre challenge where you are unable to possess Nobles after firing gun through glass.
Fixes a rare bug in Bend Time Massacre challenge where restarting as the Bend Time effect ends causes the round to complete with zero score and a black screen.
Fixes a rare bug where you can inadvertently receive the Time Management achievement/trophy after failing to get the bonus.
Fixes a rare crash in Bend Time Massacre challenge during Waiting For Effects sequence.
Fixes a bug in Oil Drop challenge where aim assist does not work on PC.
Fixes a bug where file integrity check requires a game restart at Dunwall City Trials first boot on PC.
Fixes a bug in Thief (Expert) challenge where key inventory is not reset when restarting from completion.
Fixes a bug on PC where game displays keyboard and controller art together.
Fixes a rare bug in Kill Chain challenge where countdown timer will stop after killing some enemies. 

Bug Fixes (Dishonored) 

Fixes a bug on where you receive a kill in Player/Mission stats if sliding into Slackjaw after freeing him.
Fixes a bug where City Watch does not leave attack posture when rewiring an arc pylon.
Fixes a bug in Overseer Backyard where player could get stuck on chain.
Fixes a collision issue when Corvo drowns.
Fixes a bug where navigation in Piero's shop was difficult when only one weapon upgrade remains.
Fixes a bug in Overseer mission where loading autosave created after actioning poison causes Campbell & Curnow to run.
Fixes Player/Mission Stats bugs.
Fixes a bug in Lighthouse where patrols are broken and there's no sound after reloading a savegame in low chaos.
Fixes a bug where Specter Achievement does not activate upon completing requirements in Brothel.
Fixes a UI bug where turning off Health/Mana gauge show gauges when powers are 
used via hotkey.


DLC Description:


The downloadable add-The Knife of Dunwall we will play on behalf of Dawood, 
head of "Whalers┬╗ (Whalers), the Order of the Assassins from the original game 
that killed the Empress and framed Corvo Atta. The player learns how fate Daud after the attack: the head of the Assassins will meet with the other (Outsider), will start its own investigation into the conspiracy and face a difficult moral choice.


Release Required: [RELOADED, GameWorks and Others]


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/aIXJ0lQ.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/LmviwXj.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/Ba9AWj0.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/vgBbg42.jpg


SEED AND ENJOY!