LEGO: Legends of Chima - Season 1 - Episode 1 (WEB-DL - 1080p)
--------------------------------------------------------------

The world of CHIMA is a magical land ruled by tribes of highly-advanced animals.
These creatures walk and talk like humans. They drive vehicles, use machinery, and
live in amazing castles and forts. But make no mistake about it: these are animals,
with claws, fangs, tails, and sometimes wings. And now they are engaged in a full
scale conflict. Once a pristine, natural paradise, the land of CHIMA has become a
battle ground for the animal tribes. Best friends are now worst enemies. Weaponry
pummels the once-sacred temples. Animalistic vehicles charge furiously at each other
in jungle jousts. The animals fight for control of a natural resource called CHI, a
power that is both a source of life and holds the potential for destruction. Only a
few brave heroes in CHIMA understand the true nature of CHI and its importance.
Their stories, and the stories of those who seek to conquer the CHI, are known as...
THE LEGENDS OF CHIMA.

Produced by M2Film and The LEGO Group.

 
http://imageshack.us/a/img6/4919/legochimas1011080p.png

In the mystical land of CHIMA, Laval the Lion and Cragger are the best of friends.
An innocent mischief results in Cragger getting his first experience with the CHI...
a powerful sacred resource important to the delicate balance of CHIMA. The CHI and
gives awesome power to the user but needs to be spent carefully and certainly not by
young adventurous animals. The incident leads to disagreements between the Lions and
the crocs, and ultimately to fighting. The two friends try to convince everyone that
this is just a big misunderstanding, but and escalating series of unfortunate events
push Laval and Cragger apart. In the end Cragger's parents, the king and queen of
the crocodile tribe, fall into the Gorge of Eternal Depth and are lost. The young
Cragger is now king of the Crocodile tribe. Laval consoles him, but it seems that
Crooler, Craggers sinister twin sister, has other plans.

LEGO.Legends.of.Chima.S01E01.The.Legend.of.Chima.1080p.WEB-DL.AAC2.0.H.264-YFN

Format: Matroska Video File (MKV)
Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 1920x1080 23.976fps
Audio: MPEG4 Audio (AAC) 48000Hz stereo
Subs: English Closed Captions (SubRip Text)
Duration: 00:22:04
File size: 860 MB


- Courtesy of Your Friendly Neighborhood...


