Take The High Road: Blind Boys Of Alabama


The Blind Boys of Alabama is a five-time Grammy Award winning gospel group who first sang together in 1939. After seven decades of touring, countless prestigious appearances, and a successful discography, the Blind Boys of Alabama have created their own solid musical history. The on-stage configuration of the group currently consists of seven people:
Three blind singers – Jimmy Carter, Ben Moore, Eric "Ricky" McKinnie
Guitarist and musical director, Joey Williams
A keyboard player, a bass player, and a drummer
Since their formation over 70 years ago, The Blind Boys of Alabama's self-proclaimed goal is to spiritually uplift audiences. The gospel group has also been a source of inspiration for those with disabilities. In the words of one of the group’s blind members, Ricky Mckinnie, “Our disability doesn’t have to be a handicap. It's not about what you can't do. It's about what you do. And what we do is sing good gospel music." Much in the world has changed since the original version of the Blind Boys of Alabama first raised their voices together. That was in 1939, when the members were just kids at the Alabama Institute for the Negro Blind in Talladega, Ala. Today, more than 70 years later, founding member Jimmy Carter can look back on a career far beyond what he and his colleagues could imagine at that time. The group has won a long list of awards, including Lifetime Achievement honours from the Grammys and the National Endowment for the Arts, entertained around the world, been profiled on 60 Minutes, sung for two Presidents at the White House and been inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.
 
Wikipedia Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Blind_Boys_of_Alabama

Track List:

1) Take The High Road

2) Jesus, Hold My Hand

3) Have Thine Own Way, Lord (feat. Jamey Johnson)

4)I Was a Burden (feat. Lee Ann Womack)
5) Can You Give Me A Drink? (feat. Vince Gill)
6) Family Bible (feat. Willie Nelson) 
7) Jesus Built a Bridge to Heaven 
8) I Know a Place 
9) Why Don’t You Live So God Can Use You 
10) Lead Me Home 
11) Stand by Me 
12)I Saw The Light (feat. Hank Williams, Jr.) 
13) The Last Mile of the Way


Media:

Title - Take the High Road
Contributing Artists – Blind Boys Of Alabama 
Year – 2011
Genre – Religious

Audio:
Bit rate – 128kbps
Publisher – Saguaro Road
Composers – George Huff; Jerry Salley

I hope that you enjoy this album.
Please seed as long as possible. Comments most welcome.

Regards
Hover_man