screens;
 
http://baypic.net/img-5193ca1a8409c.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-5193ca3024bb1.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-5193ca44a691b.html
 
http://baypic.net/img-5193ca6ea6127.html

Starring Allie Haze, Bridgette B., Cameron Canada, Jonni Darkko, Larkin Love 
http://evilangel.com/en/Suck-Balls-03/dvd/18679/0Categories Asian, Behind The Scene, Big Breast, Black
Directed by : Jonni Darkko

Most guys will agree — the only way to improve on a wet blow job is with some extra attention to the testicles! The girls of director Jonni Darkko’s “Suck Balls 3” have taken that wisdom to heart, and this deluxe two-disc extravaganza of slobbery oral lust is loaded with nut-nibbling, pouch-pleasing tongue action that often seems to result in messy cum facials. Jonni’s POV camerawork puts viewers right in the scene, and this non-stop mouth party lasts nearly five hours, including some revealing interviews with his adorable starlets. The director’s impeccable focus on feminine glamour and classy style is made perverse by the lewd enthusiasm of nasty sluts who can’t swallow enough fat, throbbing cock meat! A bevy of insanely attractive women use their exceptional oral skills to bring a man (or two!) to sperm-spewing climaxes: Sweet black punkette Skin Diamond plays a hungry kitty cat in an alluring cosplay-style blow job that gets the gorgeous feline a tasty serving of man-cream. Curvaceous bombshell Bridgette B., her massive boobs spilling out of her sheer lingerie, works her tongue around Prince Yahshua’s huge black cock and balls, and follows up by pleasuring the director’s dick. Athletic goddess Sheena Shaw gets showered in semen, and sassy, big-eyed minx Larkin Love squeezes and pumps a hard shaft between her giant boobs. Japanese cutie Marica Hase and Japanese-American superslut London Keyes engage in separate blow jobbing, then kneel and get splattered with two simultaneous loads of splooge; they kiss and lick each other clean. Stunning brunette Allie Haze services two erections (and the balls hanging out with them). Luscious teenage doll Staci Silverstone worships Winston Burbank’s enormous prick in an intimate scene of oral perversity. Knockout lingerie model Maddy O’Reilly, petite, stocking-clad pixie Lea Lexis and blonde ball-lover Cameron Canada each prove their dedication to excellent scrotum-suckling service. Sometimes you feel like a nut, and in “Suck Balls 3,” satisfaction's in the bag!