Jonathan Eig - Get Capone: The Secret Plot That Captured America's Most Wanted Gangster

96 kbps, Unabridged, Read by Dick Hill
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/get-capone-jonathan-eig/1100382416

Overview
When he arrived in Chicago in 1920, Al Capone found limitless opportunity. An impetuous, affable young man of average intelligence, within a few years he'd built a booming illegal bootlegging business, corrupted the police and courts, and become an international celebrity. Drawing on thousands of pages of recently discovered government documents, wiretap transcripts, and Al Capone's handwritten personal letters, Jonathan Eig tells the dramatic story of the rise and fall of the nation's most notorious criminal in rich new detail.

Publishers Weekly
“Not since the hunt for John Wilkes Booth... had so many sources been brought to bear in an attempt to jail one man,” writes former Chicago magazine editor Eig (Opening Day). But Al Capone eluded them all—even J. Edgar Hoover. In a page-turning account, Eig details the chase for the elusive Capone, dissecting both the man and his myth. Born in Brooklyn in 1899, Alphonse Capone came to a booming, bustling, corrupt, and very thirsty Chicago in 1920, just as Prohibition began. Rising swiftly through the underworld ranks, Capone soon headed a crime syndicate he dubbed “the outfit,” which dealt in bootleg alcohol, racketeering, drugs, and prostitution. Eig traces the largely unsuccessful efforts by various law enforcement agencies to bring him down. He focuses on U.S. Attorney George E.Q. Johnson, who finally saw Capone convicted in 1931 for tax evasion and conspiring to violate Prohibition laws, leading to an 11-year prison sentence. Using previously unreleased IRS files, Johnson's papers, even notes he discovered for a ghostwritten Capone autobiography, Eig presents a multifaceted portrait of a shrewd man who built a criminal empire worth millions. 

Kirkus Reviews
Scrupulously researched account of the men who made the 1920s roar, and the straight-arrows who stopped them. Former Chicago magazine executive editor Eig (Opening Day: The Story of Jackie Robinson's First Season, 2007, etc.) rescues the narrative of Al Capone from the realm of pop melodrama, offering vibrant historical storytelling and a nuanced, enigmatic portrait of Capone and his Chicago milieu. The author discovered several long-forgotten archives of key documents, including unreleased IRS files and "Untouchable" Eliot Ness' wiretap transcripts. Eig constructs a plausible, often surprising narrative of criminality, but he also fleshes it out into a colorful urban social history. The Capone that emerges here is certainly a ruthless criminal, but far from the psychopath portrayed in films. He appears to be more a natural product of his time, a bemused immigrants' son who, in the brutal environment of working-class Chicago, intuited that Prohibition offered an opportunity to leap from tavern hustler to major profiteer. Capone was loyal to associates and devoted to his family, apparently tried to broker truces with other gangs before the inevitable internecine bloodbaths and loved nightlife, gambling and women so much that his nickname was "Snorky," meaning ritzy. The backdrop for Capone's evolution was a Chicago so chaotic and corrupt that its citizens actually returned the outrageously crooked mayor William Thompson to office, following a seemingly futile reform administration. Capone loved talking to the press, which thrilled people but infuriated the Feds. While "Secret Plot" seems an overstatement, Eig argues that Herbert Hoover was determined to make an example of the gangster, apreoccupation that persisted even as the Depression grew deeper. The flawed Ness' contributions were minimal, but a little-remembered state's attorney and IRS agent doggedly built an intricate case against Capone over several years. Their work seems compromised due to the interference of a vengeful judge, who threw out a plea agreement in order to send the gangster to trial and, ultimately, Alcatraz. An impressive, accessible history of a troubled time.