Torque 3d Game Development Cookbook..

Torque 3D is a popular game engine that supports you in every step along the way to making your game a reality. Even with all of the power and tools that Torque 3D provides, finishing a high quality 3D game requires time and knowledge.

“Torque 3D Game Development Cookbook” is a practical guide that takes you through each of the major steps on the journey to creating your game, while learning a few tricks along the way.

The recipes in this book start off with learning some of the finer points about TorqueScript. The book then moves on to each of Torque 3D’s subsystems and ends with a variety of game play recipes.

The various topics covered include activating level-specific game code and scheduling game events, dragging and dropping items between windows to work with an in-game inventory system, and covering the seams between objects with well placed decals. Some of the advanced topics include writing custom shaders and postFX, using zones to improve rendering performance, and enhancing your game’s ambience through sound.

Once you are done with Torque 3D Game Development Cookbook you’ll be on your way to creating amazing 3D games and gain expert knowledge of Torque 3D.

What you will learn from this book

    Game data manipulation and event scheduling using TorqueScript.
    Work with and display Torque 3D’s built-in metrics to expose your game’s performance characteristics.
    Improve your game’s frame rate through proper zone and portal set up.
    Learn hidden TorqueScript secrets to ease game development.
    Set up standard RPG mouse controls and object manipulation
    Learn to create a drag-and-drop inventory front end.
    Go beyond the standard FPS weapon set-up to make each weapon unique.
    Refine the look of your game using various object animation capabilities and damage states.
    Work with multiplayer servers and pass game specific data to and from the client.
    Have your game communicate with various third party online services.

Approach
Cookbook; packed with recipes to help you create amazing 3D games with Torque. The recipes provide clear step-by-step instruction and practical examples to advance your understanding of Torque 3D and all of its subsystems.

Who this book is written for
The book is written for professional and indie game developers that have basic knowledge of TorqueScript, are acquainted with Torque 3D’s built-in tools, and wish to take their skills to the next level. Having gone through the comprehensive Torque 3D 1.2 FPS game tutorial on the GarageGames website (or its equivalent) is assumed.
Book Details

    Paperback: 380 pages
    Publisher: Packt Publishing (January 2013)
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 1849693544
    ISBN-13: 978-1849693547



 PLEASE SEED AFTER DOWNLOAD