History Sweeper

Windows Cleaner software: clean up your computer with one click. Erase your Internet activity tracks and digital fingerprints. Protect your privacy and improve your system performance.

ALERT! YOUR PC PRIVACY IS AT RISK
Did you know that Windows maintains an “unseen” history of all of your PC activities, including files you have opened, websites visited, e-mails sent, logins and passwords, etc? It is important to understand that even having taken steps to “delete” files, cookies, search terms, browser history, etc., your data and activity remains on your PC “unseen. This leaves a history of all of your PC activity available to anyone who may currently have or someday gain access to your computer, be it family, employer, colleague, legal, PC maintenance, shared network, wireless network, or hacker sources. In addition, when you are on the Internet, you may have downloaded intrusive devices such as cookies, bugs, and spyware onto your computer. The intrusive devices may strike at any time. These problems raise not just privacy concerns but serious security issues as well. 

ACT NOW! PROTECT YOUR PC PRIVACY 
To truly erase this information off of the hard drive requires a deeper professional “cleaning” of your computer that is provided by History Sweeper software. History Sweeper is very simple and quick to use, and can provide you with the peace-of-mind of knowing that your personal activity and information will remain private and protected. 

USE REGULARLY TO IMPROVE SYSTEM PERFORMANCE 
By maintaining this history of all your PC activity and “deleted” files, the performance of your PC is impacted with less efficient use of the disk space and disk mapping. History Sweeper serves as a very beneficial general PC maintenance program, saving storage space, allowing more efficient mapping, and improving the performance of your PC in the process. 

Supported OS:

Works with Windows 7 and Windows 8 and Windows 95/98/ME/2000/XP/Vista. 

Homepage: http://www.itcompany.com/sweeper.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Run "Regme"and merge it to system registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.