Souled Out 2: Vouyer Media is pleased to offer youSouled Out 2! Director Van Styles has captured some smoking hot interracial action for this second volume! The big bootied Emma Heart gets a serious pounding in the opening scene from Rico Strong! Not to be outdone Sindee Jennings blacks out in a real scorcher! Chayse Evans is a size queen and proves it by taking Jack Napiers massive meat all the way to the nut.yikes!! The big breasted Kelly Divine is next on the roster! Kelly likes dark meat and isnt shy either when it comes to cock gobbling! Our cover girl Naomi Cruise is the finale. Naomi really heats up the screen with a sizzling coupling with Mr. Marcus! Souled Out 2 is a winner folksgreat packaging, great quality.

2008 AVN nominee VAN STYLES is back with the hotly anticipated sequel to his acclaimed interracial epic SOULED OUT!

This three hour fuck marathon pairs beautiful white vixens up with some of the top black woodmen in the porn game. Always looking out for enthusiastic new talent, Styles has filled his film to the brim with some of the hottest rising stars around.

Gorgeous blonde covergirl NAOMI CRUZ follows in the footsteps of Ryder Skye from the original, going down slow on AVN Hall-Of-Fame veteran MR. MARCUS before finding herself on the receiving end of an enthusiastic screwing. And bosomy brunette CHAYSE EVANS is just as memorable, giving her all in a stunning encounter with Vouyer Media contract actor/director JACK NAPIER.

Scene 1. Emma Heart, Rico Strong
Scene 2. Sindee Jennings, Justin Long
Scene 3. Kelly Divine, Jon Jon
Scene 4. Chayse Evans, Jack Napier
Scene 5. Naomi Cruise, Mr. Marcus

Length 2 hrs. 39 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Sep 04 2008
Production Year 2008
Studio  Vouyer Media

Actresses:
    Chayse Evans [Facial Swallow IR]
    Emma Heart [Squirt Bald Swallow Creampie IR]
    Kelly Divine [Bald IR]
    Naomi Cruise [IR]
    Sindee Jennings [Facial Swallow IR]
   
Actors:
    Jack Napier
    Jon Jon
    Justin Long
    Mr. Marcus
    Rico Strong


