
                                      nERv


                    The Cave Update 2 (c) Double Fine Productions

         02/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
               - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Adventure


Note: read the included .txt file for a list of what's new!

--

The Cave is a new adventure game from Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion
creator Ron Gilbert, and Double Fine Productions, the award-winning studio
behind Psychonauts and Br tal Legend.

Assemble your team of three from seven unlikely adventurers, each with their
own unique personalities and stories, then descend into the mysterious
depths to explore locations including a subterranean amusement park and a
medieval castle, not to mention a fully armed and ready-to-launch nuclear
tipped ICBM. The Cave awaits.

Key Features:

* Seamlessly Spelunk - Explore a ginormous completely seamless cave-world
  presented in astounding cross-section that will blow... your... mind.
* Assemble a team of 3 explorers - From the Hillbilly to the Time Traveller;
  all 7 characters have their own unique personalities, special talents and
  a dark and secret reason for descending The Cave.
* A Cave like no other - If you enjoy spelunking and dark rocky caverns then
  be prepared to be disappointed. Your first clue The Cave is a place like
  no other will be when you stumble across the subterranean amusement park
  or the medieval castle, not to mention the fully armed and ready to launch
  nuclear tipped missile.
* Let's work together - Switch between the 3 characters, in cooperation with
  each other, and solve physical and adventure puzzles as you learn the
  truth behind why they are here. Share the cave exploring adventure with
  friends in local co-op.
* Unlock all the secrets of the cave - Replay the adventure with a new set
  of characters for a whole different experience including unique story,
  puzzles and areas of The Cave, plus hidden treasures (not redeemable for
  cash) and collectables.
* Watch the Cave come alive - Experience the detailed, stunning art style
  and humor that only Ron Gilbert and Double Fine can dream up.


 1. Unrar.
 2. Install the update.
 3. Play the game.
 4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]