No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes,
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser,
This makes a 1-click run version a better version.

Power Flac Cd Maker is a powerful tool to convert your music to CD directly, specially for flac or ape flawless compressed music files. You can use it to make your own music CD just like the origin CD, it have fastest CD making speed, and no extra disk space needed while converting, all is done in your memory.

Supported music format:

Convert from : wav mp3 wma CD-audio ogg ape wmv asf m4a m2a mp2 mpg mp1 mpga mpa mpx mp4 mpc rm flac shn tta wv ac3 aac aiff amr
Convert to : wav mp3 wma ogg ape mp2 m2a
Burn CD

Main features of Power Flac Cd Maker:

Direct Cd Making: no extra disk space needed.
Most familiar audio format support: Now supports mp3, wma, wav, ogg, ape, asf(audio part), wmv(audio part) and CD audio format, and it will keep on adding.
CD Ripping: can rip CD into mp3, wma, wav, ogg, ape files directly. And it even can burn another CD directly at the same time, that is, direct copy of CD audio files is supported. Power MP3 WMA Converter also supports CDDB auto searching.
APE flac and CUE index support: can divide APE format with CUE files into several separate sound track according the information in CUE files.
Part conversion of one audio file support: can convert part of one audio file according to the desired conversion start position and length. And this can be done batching.
Combine of several audio files support: can combine several seleted files into one with the disired format.
Playback support: can play the file in the converter list. This is an effective assistance to audio conversion and CD burning.
Powerful function of tag information edit support: supports the fast modification of file tag information, and it also support the simultaneous edit of several audio files's tag information. You can rename the files as the tag information. By supporting ID3V1/V2 it can make the management of files clear and easy.