Hot Latina is overloaded with cock, orgasms, and bondage. Squirting, drooling, begging! Intense! | Vicki Chase | Matt Williams


MP4 only.

    
Vicki Chase is back on the pages of Sexually Broken. This super hot Latina was built for rough sex and massive helpless orgasms. 

This was our "Meet and Greet" with Vicki and all the bondage is done right on camera. This is where we man-handle and overload a girl in real time, breaking her down with hard cock and multiple orgasms. 

Vicki has a HUGE mouth, so we toss her our largest right gag and command her to put it on. She wedges it into her mouthhole and then she puts a cruel tongue trap on. Soon drool is dripping down her helpless body. We make her take her top off and put clamps on her own nipples. 

We step in and quickly bind her elbows and wrist tightly together. Before she knows what happening our cock is touching the very back of her throat and she is helpless to stop it. The rig gag keeps her mouth wide open, and the trap prevents her from using her tongue to block. We fuck Vicki's face hard and deep. She struggles with the hard cock, as they all do. This isn't a blow job site, its a face fucking site, big difference.

 We hike Vivki up onto a bench, strapado her arms down, put her head over the edge and continue a catastrophic skull fucking while her head is upside down. The cock slides all the way down her tight throat, you can see the cock snake down her throat from the outside. It a beautiful thing. 

We bind her legs back into a "fuck me" position, and vibrate our little Latina to several brutal orgasms while the cock is jammed all the way down her throat. She has never been made to cum like this before and she is blasted deep into subspace. For our final trick, we finger blast our overloaded slut to a massive squirting screaming orgasm, and leave her draped over the table wondering what the fuck just happened.... 

Screens     
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/02_25vchase/SexuallyBroken-Vicki-Chase-Matt-Williams-Hot-Latina-is-overloaded-with-cock-orgasms-and-bondage-Squirting-drooling-begging-Intense.php


10 0000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)