The Artful Parent: Simple Ways to Fill Your Family's Life With Art and Creativity
by Jean Van't Hul
Roost Books | April 2013 | ISBN-10: 1590309642 | PDF | 304 pages | 16.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Artful-Parent-Creativity--Includes-Projects/dp/1590309642

Bring out your child’s creativity and imagination with more than 60 artful activities from the creator of www.ArtfulParent.com.

Art making is a wonderfully fun way for young children to tap into their imagination, deepen their creativity, and explore new materials, all while strengthening their fine motor skills and developing self-confidence. The Artful Parent has all the tools and information you need to encourage your children’s creativity through art. You’ll learn how to set up an art space, how to talk to children about their artwork, how to choose the best art supplies (without breaking the bank), how to repurpose and organize the piles of art created, and even how to use art activities to soften everyday transitions.
The more than sixty engaging arts and crafts projects included here are accessible and developmentally appropriate for one- to eight-year-olds, and they’re a far cry from the cookie-cutter crafts many of us did in school as kids. From bubble prints to musical chairs art, these activities allow children to explore art materials, techniques, and ideas as they grow more creative every day. With activities for downtimes, action art for releasing energy, and recipes for making your own art materials, this book is your guide for raising an artful family.

About the Author 
http://img255.imageshack.us/img255/2460/hulbook.jpg
Jean Van’t Hul, mother of two, lives with her family in the mountains of western North Carolina. She has been writing about children’s art and creativity on her blog, The Artful Parent, since 2008. A graduate of Wellesley College with a major in art history and studio art, Jean worked in various art and nonprofit fields before devoting her time to writing and raising kids. She loves to share process-oriented art, seasonal crafts, and joyful learning opportunities with her own daughters and through her children’s art groups, her magazine articles, and on her blog. To see what artful adventures her family is up to, visit www.ArtfulParent.com.