Practical Egyptian Magic
By Murry Hope
St. Martin's Griffin | February 1986 | ISBN: 0312634749 | PDF | 192 pages | 23.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Practical-Egyptian-Magic-Murry-Hope/dp/0312634749

Egypt and her magical past has much to contribute towards a better and wider understanding of our cosmic origins and our future cosmic connections.
In this working guide to the magical system of the Ancient Egyptians, Murry Hope describes the nature and teachings of the Book of the Dead and explains the meaning of the hieroglyphs used in Egyptian occult symbolism.
She also provides many practical applications of the Egyptian system including prayers, invocations, archetypes and instruments, and takes the reader through safe and simple rituals.

About the Author ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murry_Hope) 
http://www.spiritualizm.com/kitap/kitapkapak2/murry-hope.jpg
Murry Hope (September 17, 1929 - October 25, 2012) was an English writer, lecturer, psychic, healer, astrologer, numerologist, palmist, former lyric singer and universal occultist.. She was addressed as a Wicca priestess and a New Agey author who wrote sundry books on the topics of psychology, human consciousness, the future of planet Earth, witchcraft, the Sirius star system, et al.Her published works amount to more than twenty books encompassing various metaphysical subjects such as psychology, human consciousness, the future of planet Earth, Atlantis, Egytptian, Celtic and Greek Magic, witchcraft and the Sirius star system its inhabitants and their influence over the Earth during the time of Ancient Egypt

CONTENTS
Preface, Introduction
PART ONE - THE HISTORY AND THEORY
1. The Book of the Dead
2. Spiritual Hieroglyphics
3. Origins
4. The Gods of Ancient Egypt
5. The Real Theology
6. Pyramid Power
7. Tombs and Curses
8. The Hermes Trismegistus - Part I: Sources
9. The Hermes Trismegistus - Part II: The Teachings
10. The Egyptian Mysteries According to Lamblichos
PART TWO - THE PRACTICE
11. Symbols and Instruments
12. Colours, Robes and Archetypes
13. The Structure of the Lodge or Groups
14. Suggestions and Warnings
15. Ancient Prayers and Invocations
16. Ceremonial Magic
17. Some Practical Magical Techniques
18. General Correspondences
19. Egyptian Magic and Today's Religions
20 Sirius - The New Cosmic Magic
Conclusion, Appendix, Bibliography, Index

NOTE
In case you have problems opening this PDF with an Adobe reader, please use another PDF reader like Foxit or Sumatra because I found that some versions of Adobe are unable to open this book.