Artist: Dear Reader
Release: Replace Why With Funny
Discogs: 1989283
Released: 2008
Label: City Slang
Catalog#: SLANG926752
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: Germany
Style: Rock, Folk Rock, Indie Rock

Tracklisting:

01. Way Of The World
02. Dearheart
03. Great White Bear
04. Bend
05. Out Out Out
06. Release Me
07. Never Goes
08. The Same
09. What We Wanted
10. Everything Is Caving


Replacing why with funny doesn't work in its literal sense (Why Funny are you looking at me like that? See?) so its a good thing the record of the same name makes up for it's rather odd title.

Folk? Indie? Alternative? Pop? None of these really explain and portray this album in its true state so bare with us as we try and get across to you just how oddly brilliant this record is.

There are traces of Regina Spektor in female vocalists Cherilyn Macneil's voice but its a little more reserved and less frantic than Miss Spektor's random tangents and squeals. Instead, we're treated to slightly cleaner, slightly more airy vocalism and pitching which is by no means a negative; In fact its quite the opposite. On tracks such as Bend she lets her voice dominate the track and though its still a relatively quiet affair, there's definitely an alternative feel to the musicianship and lyrics. "If you don't not bend you will eventually break, unless you make the wind stop blowing your way" she croons, adding a dark edge to the subtle musicality.

Following on from Bend is the track Out Out Out which kicks and screams like a stubborn eight year old in the best way possible. The rough guitar-work suits the louder, more abrasive vocals perfectly and again, Macneil shines with her endearing vocal talent.

The great thing about the record is its ridiculously simplistic nature that it holds so blatantly on its sleeve. There are breaks and cuts and a few sweeping moments dotted throughout the musical topography but the production grounds every track and makes sure they never over-indulge themselves. The Same features backing choir-like vocals and a gradually building foreground that could've almost fallen flat but is kept at the limit by the groups relaxed take on their own music. If there's no need to go one step further or up the epic-factor then don't do it, it's as simple as that and these guys know it. "I want to strip you down to the core, take off your shirt, hat, shoes and trousers. Erase my head, all the books that I've read, the language I speak, the customs you keep" she whispers before allowing the music to take centre stage. Its not exactly genius but its thoroughly enjoyable.

A highlight comes in the form of Great White Bear which this writer hasn't stop listening to since he was sent it a fair few months ago. Everything from the acoustic intro to the strangely mesmerising lyrics (revolving around a boy hiding in the stomach of a bear) is near enough flawless - and the last minute and a half is so freshly original that it may well be regarded as one of the better tracks of this year. Its atmospherics are ridiculous and everything seems to fit so well together that you can't help but be sucked into the story-telling at hand.

As noted, it's by no means a classic nor is it as cohesive as some of the records currently doing the rounds, (have you heard Wintersleep and De Rosa's newest records? They're on the good side of awesome) but it's a fantastic display of inventiveness that should not be over-looked by anyone. If you like your music beautiful and with a healthy dose of innovation then look no further than Dear Reader, for you will find this and a bit more within Replace Why With Funny.
