Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing: The Very Best Of Dire Straits [1991]





01. Sultans Of Swing  
02. Lady Writer  
03. Romeo And Juliet  
04. Tunnel Of Love  
05. Private Investigations  
06. Twisting By The Pool  
07. Love Over Gold (Live)  
08. So Far Away  
09. Money For Nothing  
10. Brothers In Arms  
11. Walk Of Life  
12. Calling Elvis  
13. Heavy Fuel  
14. On Every Street  
15. Your Latest Trick (Live)  
16. Local Hero/Wild Theme (Live) 

Extra Tracks I Added

17. The Bug
18. How Long 





320 KBPS

Cover Art







From Wikipedia:



Dire Straits were a British rock band, formed in 1977 by former journalist and teacher Mark Knopfler, initially composed of Knopfler (lead vocals and lead guitar), his younger brother David Knopfler (rhythm guitar and backing vocals), John Illsley (bass guitar and backing vocals), and Pick Withers (drums and percussion).

Dire Straits' sound drew from a variety of musical influences, including jazz, folk, blues, and came closest to beat music within the context of rock and roll. Despite the prominence of punk rock during the band's early years, the band's stripped-down sound contrasted with punk, demonstrating a more "rootsy" influence that emerged out of pub rock. Many of Dire Straits' compositions were melancholic.

Dire Straits' biggest selling album, Brothers in Arms, has sold over 30 million copies. They also became one of the world's most commercially successful bands, with worldwide album sales of over 120 million. Dire Straits won numerous music awards during their career, including four Grammy Awards, three Brit AwardsΓÇöwinning Best British Group twice, and two MTV Video Music Awards. The band's most popular songs include "Sultans of Swing", "Lady Writer", "Romeo and Juliet", "Tunnel of Love", "Private Investigations", "Money for Nothing", "Walk of Life", "So Far Away", "Your Latest Trick" and "Brothers in Arms".

Dire Straits' career spanned a combined total of 15 years. The band originally split up in 1988, but reformed in 1991. Dire Straits disbanded for good in 1995 when Mark Knopfler launched his career full time as a solo artist. There were several changes in personnel over both periods, leaving Mark Knopfler and John Illsley as the only two original bandmates who had remained throughout the band's career.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sultans of Swing: The Very Best of Dire Straits is the second greatest hits compilation by the British rock band Dire Straits, released on 10 November 1998 by Mercury Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album was originally released as both a one disc edition and two disc edition. The second disc contains live performances. The release is named after the band's 1978 hit single of the same name. The compilation was re-released together with a DVD in 2002. The DVD features the music videos of all the songs on the first disc, in addition to short interviews with Mark Knopfler about each song.





