NEW A more connected Dreamweaver - Dreamweaver® CC is part of Creative Cloud™. That means you have access to all the latest updates and future releases the moment they're available. Sharpen your skills and master new tools with a rich and growing library of training videos. And Creative Cloud is integrated with Behance®, so you can share your projects and get immediate feedback from creatives around the world. 

NEW CSS Designer - Intuitive visual editing tools help you generate clean, web-standard code and quickly apply CSS properties like gradients and box shadows. See the effect in your design immediately. No more tedious tweaking. No more switching back to the code. What you see is what you get.

NEW Fluid Grid Layout - Construct web designs and responsive layouts visually. The enhanced Fluid Grid Layout interface makes it a cinch to design projects that display on different screen sizes for desktop and devices.

COMING SOON Sync Settings - Log in to Creative Cloud from any computer and access your files, settings, and site definitions. You have everything you need to work on your web projects, whenever you need it, wherever you are.

NEW Edge Web Fonts - Bring expressive text to the party. Use the vast and ever-growing Adobe Edge Web Fonts Library, powered by Adobe Typekit®. Add web fonts from within Dreamweaver and Edge tools. Add beautifully styled typography with more control while creating pages that load super quickly.

NEW Modern platform support - Author projects using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Develop dynamic pages in PHP. Code more efficiently using the improved code hinting and syntax coloring.

NEW jQuery UI widgets - Banish boring buttons and generic icons. Drag and drop jQuery UI widgets. Add accordions to display collapsible content panels. Update all the button states to customize your mobile apps and interfaces.

NEW Streamlined workflow - The modernized Dreamweaver CC interface is simpler, with smoother workflows. Contextual menus let you apply settings more intuitively, so you can develop more efficiently.

Edge Animate CC support - Import compositions from Edge Animate CC into your sites and mobile apps — just one of the many ways you can use Dreamweaver CC with other tools in Creative Cloud.

CSS3 transitions - Animate changes to CSS properties to create custom transitions. Build interfaces that pique visitors' curiosity and make their experience more enjoyable. Maintain greater control of web design as you fine-tune page elements and create captivating effects.

NEW Source Code Pro for Code View - Adobe's Source Code Pro font makes differentiating similarly structured characters, such as 1 and l or 0 and O, easier while working in Code View.

PhoneGap Build support - Build and package native apps for Android™ and iOS. With support for the Adobe PhoneGap™ Build™ service in Dreamweaver, you can convert existing HTML pages to mobile apps. Test your layouts with emulators before you sync files to devices.

Streamlined HTML5 audio and video - Enhance your desktop and mobile projects with entertaining sounds and movies. Easily add HTML5 audio and video to your websites and applications. The clean interface and code hints make the process of inserting rich media faster and more efficient.

jQuery and jQuery Mobile support - Use the familiar Dreamweaver workspace to build designs that reach new audiences on mobile devices. Use integrated jQuery Mobile support to build native mobile apps for iOS and Android platforms. Create projects for devices using a simple mobile development workflow.

Faster HTML5 elements insertion - Use the reorganized Insert panel to quickly add HTML5 tags and common page elements. The panel is arranged into helpful categories to make options more discoverable. It's a snap to find and add items within the convenient, centralized Insert panel interface.

Integrated CMS support - Author dynamic, data-driven sites using content management systems such as WordPress, Joomla!, and Drupal. Find the code you need to update quickly with the Dynamically Related Files feature. Live View Navigation gives you accurate previews of your pages and apps.

Business Catalyst integration - Connect and edit dynamic sites you build with Adobe Business Catalyst® (part of Creative Cloud). Create online stores, blogs, contact forms, and other site features using a hosted solution with a central database and a built-in reporting system.

W3C validation - Make sure your pages are well formed and follow best practices with the online W3C Markup Validation Service. Get valuable feedback to help improve your sites.

System requirements

- Intel® Pentium® 4 or AMD Athlon® 64 processor
- Microsoft® Windows® 7 or Windows 8
- 1GB of RAM
- 1GB of available hard-disk space for installation; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on removable flash storage devices)
- 1280x1024 display with 16-bit video card
- Java™ Runtime Environment 1.6 (included)
- Internet connection and registration are necessary for required software activation, membership validation, and access to online services.

Languages : English, French, Turkish, Russian, Hungarian, Polish, Ukrainian, Czech

Homepage :  
http://www.adobe.com/products/dreamweaver.html