- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

        FA.Cup.Fifth.Round.2013.02.16.Highlights.720p.HDTV.x264-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
   Release Date    2013.02.17                                           
   Air Date        2013.02.16                                           
   Genre           Sports Football                                      
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  Matt Smith is joined by Gareth Southgate and Andy Townsend to         
  present action from the opening fifth-round fixtures, which were      
  Luton Town v Millwall at Kenilworth Road, Arsenal v Blackburn Rovers  
  at the Emirates Stadium, Milton Keynes Dons v Barnsley at the         
  Stadium mk and Oldham Athletic v Everton at Boundary Park. A place    
  in the quarter-finals awaited the winners of these ties, with         
  non-league Luton looking to cause another upset, after having         
  recorded a sensational victory over Norwich City at Carrow Road in    
  the previous round. Commentary from Clive Tyldesley and Peter Drury.  
                                                                        
  Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                        
 

  W4F GROUP NEWS 
                                                      
                                                                        
  W4F is one of the oldest TV Scene groups and releases a diverse mix   
  of quality TV programming including sports, documentaries, scripted,  
  reality, talk shows and other quality content that may be overlooked  
  by other groups. We release purely for fun and to share programming   
  we like with the world.                                               
                                                                        
  W4F is a global group interested in spreading quality programming     
  from around the world to the internet. If you are passionate about    
  your country's TV content, feel it is unrepresented and want to share 
  it with the world please feel free to contact us. We are interested   
  in all television markets with a focus on English content from the    
  USA, Canada, Australia and Europe. Potential recruits will preferably 
  have the ability to receive digital TV broadcasts and some knowledge  
  of digital capturing.                                                 
                                                                        
  From time to time we are also interested in hearing from site         
  owners who are interested in affiliating W4F. We are looking for      
  private links with archives.                                          
                                                                        
  W4F has nothing to do with torrents/p2p so don't ask about that!      
                                                                        
                     Email: w4fcrew@gmail.com                           
                                                                        
    Greets to all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)