No Gods No Masters; An Anthology of Anarchism

Editor: Daniel Guérin
Contributors:

Publisher: AK Press
Pages: 714
Released: 1980, This Edition Jan 7, 2005
ISBN-13: 9781904859253


Description (from the Back of the Book):

This is the first English translation of Guerin's monumental anthology of anarchism, originally published in French in four volumes. It details --through a vast array of hitherto unpublished documents, letters, debates, manifestoes, reports, impassioned calls-to-arms, and reasoned analysis-- the history, organisation and practice of the movement. Readers will meet anarchism's theorists, advocates and activists; the great names and the obscure; towering legends and unsung heroes.

Edited, introduced and annotated by Guerin, this anthology presents anarchism as both a revolutionary end and a means of achieving that end. It portrays anarchism as a sophisticated ideology whose nuances and complexities highlight the natural desire for freedom in all of us, and in these post-Marxist times, will re-establish anarchism as both an intellectual and practical force to be reckoned with.

Included are the writings of Malatesta, Henri Pouget, Souchy, Leval, Voline, Makhno, the Kronstadt sailors, Fabbri, Durruti, Stirner, Proudhon, Bakunin, Guillaume, Nettlau, Kropotkin, Goldman and de Paepe, among others--traversing The Ego and Its Own, What is Property?, God and the State, The International Revolutionary Society, the controversy with Marx and the First International, the Paris Commune, Workers' Self-Management, the Jura Federation, the Anarchist International, French propaganda by the deed, the General Strike, Collectivisation, the Russian Revolution, Nabat, the insurgent peasant army of the Ukraine, and the Spanish Revolution.



About the Editor:
Daniel Guerin was a lifelong radical and gay activist, and a prolific author. His works previously translated into English include Anarchism: from Theory to Practice, Fascism and Big Business, and Class Struggle in the First French Republic.


About the Translator:
Paul Sharkey, an accomplished translator, has almost single-handedly made available a vast body of non-English language anarchist writings. His numerous translations include the works of Alexandre Skirda, Nestor Makhno, Osvaldo Bayer, Jose Peirats and Antonio Tellez.


Buzz:
"This marvellous collection of classic anarchist essays is a real treasure trove of fascinating material, and a fine introduction to a wide spectrum of anarchist thought." -- Noam Chomsky