Teddy Wilson - 1956 - I Got Rhythm (2010)

So many words have been written about the famous and talented Mr. Teddy Wilson that to repeat them all would be redundant. Suffice it to say (for the non-aficionado) that he was born in Austin, Texas. He studied piano at Tuskegee and first came to prominence in 1931 in Chicago playing with Louis Armstrong. In 1933 his records made in New York City with Benny Carter attracted lots of attention and were a logical step to his position with the Benny Goodman Trio and Quartet. From 1935 until 1939 Teddy Wilson toured the country with the King of Swing as the first member of a ‘mixed’ band with national acceptance. His records with the BG Trio and Quartet are now internationally famous. From 1939, after leaving Goodman, Teddy played for a short time with his own big band. For the past years he has been fronting small combos and backing top name vocalists.
Jo Jones, drummer with this group, is almost equally as well known. As one of the original members of the Bill Basie rhythm section from 1936 until 1948, he was one of the first big swing band drummers. His pushing rhythm and bright brush and stick work were his forte . . . almost as well known as the man who brought the top-hat or back-beat cymbal into prominence. One of his tricks was a double-rhythm on the top-hat cymbal with the right stick while the left stick ‘ticks’ out an intriguing counter-rhythm on the metal stand that holds up the cymbal. You can notice this on “Stars Fell On Alabama” included in this album.
Gene Ramey, bass, who completes the trio, calls Louisville, Kentucky his birthplace. Gene started playing with Jerry Wald’s band. From there his list of credits reads like who’s-who: — Lou Levy, Woody Herman, Buddy De Franco, Artie Shaw, and then from '51 until ’53 with the Stan Getz group. Gene is known for his thoughtful and delicate bass work . . . and fits into this trio ever-so-neatly.
Well, there is the personnel. Now the contents. With one exception (“Blues For Daryl”) all of these are standards. All of them well-known as tunes that have worn well through the years. And these ever-greens are re-dressed, but charmingly. Lace-embroidered in a delightful way by Teddy Wilson, delicate tones that beautifully complement the melodies. Noticeable throughout are the trade-marks of Teddy Wilson . . . the unexpected, subtle, accents. Teddy seems to keep you ‘up’ with his use of this technique. And behind this charming talent the soft brushes of Jo Jones and the thoughtful bass of Gene Ramey.
“Savoy”, “All Of Me”, “Sweet Georgia Brown” and “Limehouse Blues” are all in a medium-bright tempo. “Say It Isn’t So”, “Stars Fell On Alabama”, “On The Sunny Side Of The Street”, “As Time Goes By”, “Smile” are at a medium easy tempo. “When Your Lover Has Gone” and “You’re Driving Me Crazy” are slow and easy rockers. While “1 Got Rhythm” is the one really up-tempo selection in the entire album. The one original “Blues For Daryl” is a slow rocking tune that is vaguely familiar. Listen for Jo Jones with an amusing wood-block solo on “Smile” and a sort of soft-shoe type of brush work on “All Of Me”. More than just pleasing—actually a delightful listening experience awaits you with the tunes that remain your favorites and the still fresh talents of Mr. Teddy Wilson and his piano.

Track list:
01 - Savoy
02 - Say It Isn't So
03 - All of Me
04 - Stars Fell on Alabama
05 - I Got Rhythm
06 - On the Sunny Side of the Street
07 - Sweet Georgia Brown
08 - As Time Goes By
09 - Smile
10 - When Your Lover Has Gone
11 - Limehouse Blues
12 - Blues for Daryl
13 - You're Driving Me Crazy

Enjoy and share! 