John Howard Yoder - The Politics of Jesus: Vicit Agnus Noster, Second Edition (Eerdmans, 1994). 257 pages.

Searchable pdf (clearscan), with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination, metadata, etc. 

Torrent also includes several articles by Yoder, a second minor book (Discipleshp as Political Responsibility), and a book of essays engaging Yoder's theology (Powers and Practices).

Short description:

Classic work, highly influential, establishing Jesus as politically engaged in his time and advocating a radical theology of nonviolence.

Description:


Tradition has painted a portrait of a Savior aloof from governmental concerns and whose teachings point to an apolitical life for his disciples. How, then, are we to respond today to a world so thoroughly entrenched in national and international affairs? But such a picture of Jesus is far from accurate, argues John Howard Yoder.

Using the texts of the New Testament, Yoder critically examines the traditional portrait of Jesus as an apolitical figure and attempts to clarify the true impact of Jesus' life, work, and teachings on his disciples' social behavior.

The book first surveys the multiple ways the image of an apolitical Jesus has been propagated, then canvasses the Gospel narrative to reveal how Jesus is rightly portrayed as a thinker and leader immediately concerned with the agenda of politics and the related issues of power, status, and right relations. Selected passages from the epistles corroborate a Savior deeply concerned with social, political, and moral issues.

In this thorough revision of his acclaimed 1972 text, Yoder provides updated interaction with publications touching on this subject. Following most of the chapters are new "epilogues" that summarize research conducted during the last two decades ┬ù research that continues to support the insights set forth in Yoder's original work.

Currently a standard in many college and seminary ethics courses, The Politics of Jesus is also an excellent resource for the general reader desiring to understand Christ's response to the world of politics and his will for those who would follow him.

Dennis P. McCann:

When it was first published, The Politics of Jesus effected a coup de grace against neo-orthodox biblical theologies that had managed to depoliticize the ethical significance of Jesus' message. This second edition is no less provocative in contesting the reevaluations of New Testament ethics emerging from recent scholarship on the historical Jesus. Yoder presses beyond the question of whether Jesus was political to ask what sort of politics is the mark of Christian discipleship.

**Note: please help seed. I hope to upload more books of this kind, but I can't keep them all seeded indefinitely. If you like this kind of thing, help out! Thanks.**	