
Hose Hoes: In Sean Michaels Hose Hoes, the porn legend delivers four scenes created specifically for the lingerie and stocking fetishist. In each of four hardcore scenes, Sean dresses a leggy beauty in a lingerie ensemble resplendent with hose, whether fishnet, lacy or sheer; thigh-high or full panty hose. Each scene opens with some tease footage followed by a fuck from the director, who himself is gussied up in suit and tie for these sessions. Kelly Surfer and Chrissie Summers are blondes; Carla Chillz is a black girl and Eva is Latina. What they have in common is how hot they look in lingerie and hose, and how much they enjoy Seans black cock. Three of the scenes were shot outdoors. Horny Evas encounter climaxes with a stiff butt fuck. In every scene, Sean keeps the girls hose prominent in his camera lens. The disc includes extensive behind-the-scenes footage, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies, and trailers.Scene 1: On an outdoor patio, cute blonde Kelly Surfer teases the camera in fishnet stockings and a French maid top. She peels down her fishnets and masturbates on her back and on her knees, with her hose twisting around her ankles. Night falls and she returns to the patio, fishnets in place, to humbly service Sean Michaels. He moves her lingerie aside to taste her pierced pussy, then rips open her nets to feast. Sean fucks her on her back and doggie-style, she rides his big, dark cock and tastes her own pussy on his bone. When he can no longer contain his passion, he shoots his jism onto her lacy, black lingerie, her natural titty and even in her eye, but the satisfied girl just laughs.Scene 2: Carla Chillz is a curvy black chick with a cute face, hoop earrings, natural tits and a big, shapely ass. On a sunny day she shows off in the back yard, teasing the camera in black thigh-high stockings and garters. Sean Michaels oils her up for action. Carla looks hot kneeling before Sean to suck his cock. With her panties and hose still on, she rides his meat. Her hose fall by the wayside, but her panties cling to her cheeks just to the side of her busy pussy. He works her doggie-style and enjoys some more of her cocksucking, not to mention her talent for booty-clapping. Finally he dumps a big load on her titties and shoulders.Scene 3: Meet Chrissie Summers, a cute, dirty blonde with natural tits, prominent bullet nipples and pouty blow job lips. Shes especially fetching in high heels and black panty hose with a white cotton crotch patch. On a luxury patio with a fountain and a view of the ocean, she gives Sean Michaels a blow job. Chrissie sits, hose around her ankles, and stuffstwo fingers up her box, then returns the attention of her hands and mouth to Seans cock. Standing with her hose around her thighs, she spreads her legs and ass to masturbate for Sean, who fucks her doggie-style and pierces her asshole with his thumb. He oils up her butt, then fucks her pussy some more, at one point cranking her legs back on a chair, which stretches her hose around her thighs. She kneels and jacks his semen onto her lips and down her lingerie.Scene 4: With long, curly, brown locks, natural titties, a pretty ass and lovely legs, Eva would always be a hot Latina. But in spike heels and a fishnet cat suit, this senorita is muy caliente. Sean Michaels licks her holes through a strategically placed opening in her fishnets. She plays with her pussy as she sucks his cock, then climbs aboard for a ride, and her plump butt cheeks roll and bounce arousingly. She sucks his pussy-flavored cock and as he nails her on her back, lube and pussy juice paint her asshole. Eva gets into a doggie-style fuck, whichmakes her butt cheeks clap and sway. Sean presses his spit-lubed cock head to her anus and Eva wriggles the meat up her rectum, her cheeks bouncing and enveloping his meat, her face flushing with lust. He rips her nets further open for more fucking of both lower holes, and an intense hand/blow job finale makes him climax in her mouth.

    Scene 1. Kelly Surfer, Sean Michaels
    Scene 2. Carla Chillz, Sean Michaels
    Scene 3. Chrissie Summers, Sean Michaels
    Scene 4. Eva Gomez, Sean Michaels

Length 2 hrs. 16 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Apr 29 2010
Production Year 2010
Studio  Buttman Magazine Choice

Actresses:
    Carla Chillz
    Chrissie Summers [Facial IR]
    Eva Gomez (as Eva) [Anal Facial]
    Kelly Surfer [IR]

Actors:
    Sean Michaels
