NO ADS!! These videos have been trimmed to remove all the intro and ending advertisements to decrease size and more importantly to avoid the annoyance 
I hate them personally, especially hearing "login to team beach body..." ever time I go to workout!)

Videos are in .mp4 format for compatibility with iPads and greatly reduced in size compared to other torrents but with great resolution. Enjoy getting your new body! 

&gt; AUDiO......[ MP3 48000Hz (2 chnls)
&gt; LANGUAGE...[ English
&gt; ViDEO......[ 899 kbps .mp4 30 FPS
&gt; RESOLUTiON.[ 720 x 404
&gt; SiZE.......[ 2.73 GB


THE ASYLUM VOLUME 2: THE NEXT 30 DAYS
In THE ASYLUM Volume 1, Shaun T trained you inside the Athletic Matrix to amp up your agility, speed, and power. Now Shaun takes your skills to the next level with his INSANITY: THE ASYLUM VOLUME 2 workouts—the next 30 days of pro athlete training designed to get your body leaner, faster, and stronger than ever. So you not only defeat the competition. You CRUSH IT!

Includes:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
X TRAINER
Each of THE ASYLUM Volume 1 workouts tested your speed, strength, power, OR agility. THE ASYLUM Volume 2’s X Trainer tests it ALL! Challenging your mind and body on every level, this action-packed drill sequence will have you swimming in a pool of sweat. 
(50 minutes)

UPPER ELITE
Develop a superior upper-body with Shaun’s dynamic training sets. This progressive workout is designed to chisel your shoulders, biceps, triceps, chest, and back—intimidating your opponents before the game even begins. 
(60 minutes)

AB SHREDDER
This ab-torching workout will leave your entire body trembling. No sit-ups or crunches—just the most insane midsection shred moves of pro athletes. Your abs will be screaming for mercy. 
(20 minutes)

POWER LEGS
A quick, strong, responsive lower body is key to a dominant performance. Gain that elite competitive edge by punishing your quads, hammies, glutes, and calves with this maximum muscle-recruitment workout. 
(55 minutes)

BACK & 6-PACK
Build a lean, strong center with this 360-degree workout. Your back and abs working together at a high level is key to delivering an elite performance. These core-crushing moves help you blow past your limits. 
(40 minutes)

OFF-DAY STRETCH
Maximize the abilities of your inner athlete. This elite stretch routine will relieve your aching muscles, improve your flexibility, and refocus your mind—so you’re ready to crush it in your next competition. 
(30 minutes)

AGILITY TUTORIAL
Shaun T gives you a step-by-step breakdown of his 8 mind-twisting agility moves, so you’ll be a pro when it comes time to hop in the ladder. Don’t be fooled by the title. . . This “tutorial” is a competitive workout in itself. How fast can you break out? 
(25 minutes)

CHAMPIONSHIP + 
BONUS! FIT TEST
(SUDDEN DEATH OT)
You raced to Game Day victory in THE ASYLUM Volume 1. Now, compete for THE ASYLUM Volume 2 Championship. This time. . . Shaun puts you through the Fit Test at the END! Good luck. 
(60 minutes)


Seed it. Good luck with it. Enjoy it.