ImTOO DVD Copy Express

ImTOO DVD Copy2 is an extremely easy-to-handle DVD copy software to copy DVD movie perfectly at fast speed. This DVD copying software can copy DVD movie in 1:1 ratio, copy DVD to DVD folder or ISO file, and copy full disc or main movie only. It's your best choice to copy and backup DVD.

-Stable, fast and easy-to-use DVD copy software for you! ImTOO DVD Copy2 can copy DVD movie to DVD in 1:1 ratio perfectly, with great DVD copy quality.
-This DVD copy software can not only copy any DVD to DVD easily, but also copy DVD to DVD folder or ISO file and backup DVD to your hard disk. Burning ISO file or DVD folder to DVD disc is also available.
-When copying DVD, you can copy full disc main movie,or customize the titles you want to copy, select target audio and subtitle, and include or omit menu to meet your specific need. Start copying DVD movie with ImTOO DVD Copy2 now!

Key Features:

This DVD copy software can copy DVD-9 movie entirely to 8.5GB dual-layer recordable disc (DVD+R DL, DVD-R DL) in 1:1 ratio.
ImTOO DVD Copy2 has higher compatibility than other DVD copying software: copy DVD to any disc including dual-layer DVD with any DVD+RW/-RW burner to play on all DVD players.
Keep all audios/subtitles, choose one audio/subtitle, or copy DVD without audio/subtitle to copy DVD movie according to your own need.
Optionally remove menu when copying DVD to ensure the best DVD quality. And you can choose to include and skip menu for playing target DVD disc directly with menu skipped.
If your inserted RW disc is not blank, the DVD copy software will prompt and help you erase it for rewriting the disc.
Using this DVD copier to copy DVD movie is so easy: just load your DVD, click "Start Copy", and insert a writable disc, then get your copied DVD disc with great quality.
The interface languages include English, German, Spanish, Italian, French, Simplified, Chinese, Traditional Chinese and Japanese. And several skins are selectable for you.

System Requirements:

OS : Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor : 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM : 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk : 30MB space for installation
Graphic Card : Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
Other : Recordable DVD drive

Homepage:

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register Application with any serial/name.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.