The long wait is finally over - PAYDAY: The Game Soundtrack is available for purchase! Immerse yourself in the world of PAYDAY by listening to the adrenaline pumping tunes of our favorite career criminals Dallas, Hoxton, Chains and Wolf.

We’ve held back on nothing in this release – it’s total OVERKILL! This is without a doubt the definitive PAYDAY soundtrack digital download and it includes the following:

All 17 tracks in high quality MP3 format
All 17 tracks without sound effects in MP3

On top of that, there are sound effect free versions of all tracks for those who enjoy the music more that way (or if you want to use the music in your YouTube PAYDAY gameplay video)!

And finally: You get remix material (separate bass lines, guitar riffs, synth leads and effects) for several of the tracks! If this isn’t an ambitious release then we don’t know what is! Still, the download doesn’t cost more than HALF what a regular album costs (without these bells and whistles) on your digital music distribution service of choice.

Info:
-----
Bit Rate: 192kbps
Format: MPEG-1, Layer 3

Track list (total running time approx. 58 minutes):
1.   "Breaking News" (soundtrack exclusive track)
2.   "Gun Metal Grey" (Theme from First World Bank)
3.   "Double Cross" (Theme from Heat Street)
4.   "Home Invasion" (Theme from Counterfeit)
5.   "Busted" (Heist Failed)
6.   "Stone Cold" (Theme from Green Bridge)
7.   "Three Way Deal" (Theme from Undercover)
8.   "Phoney Money" (Theme from Panic Room part 1)
9.   "The Take" (Theme from Panic Room part 2)
10.  "See You at the Safe House" (Heist Successful)
11.  "Crime Wave" (Theme from Slaughterhouse)
12.  "Breach of Security" (Theme from Diamond Heist)
13.  "Code Silver" (Theme from No Mercy)
14.  "Criminal Intent"(Main Menu)
15.  "Preparations" (Load-out Menu)
16.  "I Will Give You My All" by Simon Viklund
17.  "Payday for You and Me" feat. Shawn Davis with band

I have removed the WAV files and remix sounds, as they can be quite large and generally unused. If I get enough requests, I will add them to a separate torrent.