Reg Organizer

Reg Organizer - is a multipurpose program for cleaning the Registry and its services, as well as work with configuration files. Allows you to view and edit the registry, to preview the imported reg-files (including from the Windows Explorer). The search function in the registry provides an opportunity to make a deep search in the registry, finding all the keys that relate to the application. Reg Organizer also supports the management configuration files of various types.

Key features:

"Registry Editor to view and edit the registry to perform various operations c keys and values of the registry, export and import values of keys, etc.
"Clean Sweep Registry to search for unnecessary registry entries, as well as to find and fix problems in the registry.
"The search function allows you to find the registry keys related to a certain application and delete them if necessary. This is useful, for example, when any application does not uninstall the program, and after removing it manually in the registry are unnecessary entries, which can lead to incorrect operation of other applications. At the same time, Reg Organizer provides the deepest search and can often find even those keys associated with the application, which are not found in other similar programs.
"Defragmenting and compressing the registry. These procedures can improve performance of the Registry and, as a consequence, the performance of your system as a whole.
"The ability to change many of the" fine tuning "Windows (tweaks). In particular, you can speed up your system, ordering system to use more cache memory size or by unloading unused libraries from memory, etc.
"You can get information about any registry key and monitor changes in it.
"Preview of the registry files (*. reg) before adding their contents, including directly from Windows Explorer. When you view the imported reg-file contents as a tree structure that allows to visualize all keys that are imported into the registry.
"Viewing and editing the startup programs, ie applications that load at Windows startup or user logon.
"The search and replace in the registry is a handy tool for finding (and, if necessary, change) key or registry keys that meet the search criteria.
"Built-in software uninstaller. It can make "snapshots before and after installation, then you can completely eradicate ALL system changes made, as if the application has not been established.
"Tools" Cleaning discs "allows automatic cleaning your hard drive from various junk files, as well as search and fix invalid shortcuts.
"Manage configuration files. With the program Reg Organizer lets you open and edit (add, edit, delete keys / sections) INI-files of various programs.

Supported OS:

Windows 8/7/vista/xp (x86/x64)

Homepage: http://www.chemtable.com/organizer.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register program with given key.
- Done, Enjoy

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
