Connectify Vision

Connectify is a cutting-edge software suite that helps users stay connected across their various devices and network connections. The Connectify suite gives users everything they need to stay connected whether at home or on-the-go. From Internet connection sharing, to one-click Wi-Fi boost, and now offering cutting-edge connection aggregation technology, it’s no wonder Connectify is the number one wireless networking software worldwide.

With Connectify, today’s click-of-a-button Internet connection sharing capabilities meet tomorrow’s innovation, letting users draw on the speed of multiple Internet connections in an unprecedented way, while offering a platform to share and collaborate.

And while users carry yet another Wi-Fi capable device and encounter an ever-increasing number of networks in their daily lives, Connectify’s mission is simple: take the Internet, and make it work better.
More about our flagship product, Connectify Hotspot

Connectify Hotspot is easy-to-use hotspot software router (softap) for Windows computers that utilizes your PC’s built-in Wi-Fi card to wirelessly share any available Internet connection with friends, co-workers, and mobile devices. Other Wi-Fi-enabled devices can see and join your hotspot just like any other Wi-Fi access point and are kept safe-and-secure by password-protected WPA2 Encryption.

With Connectify Hotspot users can share 3G connections, 4G Internet connections, and even share a Wi-Fi network that charges per device with all of their other mobile devices, while paying for access on just one laptop.

Connectify Hotspot PRO, which can be purchased by navigating to our store, offers end-users the most feature-rich Wi-Fi networking experience available today. PRO users enjoy customizable SSID naming, one click Wi-Fi boost and repeater functionality, file-sharing between devices over Wi-Fi, and a host of other powerful features, all within the easy-to-use Connectify Hotspot interface. With Connectify Lite, users enjoy a fully-functional, basic hotspot creation capability, and are encouraged throughout the user experience to take advantage of the latest features available in Connectify PRO.
How does Connectify Hotspot work?

Connectify Hotspot turns your computer into a real Wi-Fi router. Thanks to the “Virtual Wi-Fi” technology that is built into Windows 7 and Windows 8, your Windows laptop can create a Wi-Fi hotspot, even while it stays connected to another Wi-Fi network. However, Connectify Hotspot is a lot more than just a wrapper around these command-line tools. Connectify Hotspot is a full suite of powerful routing software (NAT, DNS, and DHCP) to let you share any Internet connection with any device that uses Wi-Fi. Much more powerful, and easier to use than the “Internet Connection Sharing” (ICS) that comes with Windows, Connectify Hotspot is a real router, with features that no one else can offer.
Why Connectify Hotspot is #1 in Wireless Networking

Today, there are a number of products available to users who wish to create and share Wi-Fi access points. As consumers demand more control over their wireless networks than ever before, both hardware and software solutions have been developed to address their needs. Connectify Hotspot occupies a unique space amongst these various products.

While certain hardware devices like Novatel’s MiFi, offer mobile hotspot functionality, they are increasingly being viewed as another unnecessary device that users must pay a monthly fee for, and carry with them. On the other hand, almost all of the Wi-Fi access point software available today is, at best, difficult-to-use. With complex UIs filled with networking jargon (or in some cases merely a command-line interface), these products are best-suited for IT managers and Linux-gurus. With Connectify Hotspot, users have the best of both worlds: an easy-to-use software router, that gives anyone the power to create and share Wi-Fi access points and much more, all at the click-of-a-button. 


Instructions:

1. Install

2. Block The app in your Firewall from Calling home

3. Register using the key

