Gmail Notifier Pro

Gmail Notifier Pro is a Windows application capable of checking multiple Google Gmail accounts for new mail and display notifications. Google Calendar, Google Reader, Google News, Google Docs, Google+ and RSS/Atom feeds are also supported.

In addition to the Google services, Gmail Notifier Pro provides notifications for any IMAP or POP mail account, including Microsoft Outlook.com (formerly Live Hotmail) and Yahoo! Mail.

Changes: 

This release adds support for Microsoft Exchange notifications using Exchange Web Services. The e-mail composer also supports sending messages using a Microsoft Exchange server.

Version 5.0 also includes support for Microsoft SkyDrive accounts, and similar to the Google Drive support, you can get notifications when any document is modified.

Another new features is the built-in RSS feed server. If enabled, all messages in Gmail Notifier Pro can be accessed from any RSS reader. Simply use a RSS reader, either on a PC, smart phone or tablet and connect it to your computer running Gmail Notifier Pro to get access to the latest unread messages.

This release also improves the customization. Notification theme can be defined using rules. A rule could for example be to set a theme with sound notification if the subject line of an e-mail message starts with the word 'Important'. This release also support defining custom actions for message operations, where multiple operations can be combined.

In addition to the news above, version 5.0 also includes the following improvements:
Improvednotifications.message inbox will also be monitored.
Use new Google Drive API.
Better folder support for IMAP.
Enhanced security option using custom encryption key.
New settings available in Options dialog.
Several corrections, including better IMAP stability.

Please note that Google will discontinue the product Google Reader on July 1, 2013. From this date, you will no longer be able to use Google Reader in Gmail Notifier Pro.

System Requirements:

Supports 32-bit and 64-bit editions of Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7
Requires Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 (already included in Windows 7).

Homepage: http://www.gmailnotifier.se

Installation Instruction: 

- Install program.
- Run the program once and quit it (not just minimize).
- Use keygen to generate a code.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.