Scanguards Vampires Series (1-7) by Tina Folsom in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

Book 1: Samson's Lovely Mortal (Scanguards Vampires #1) by Tina Folsom (May 25th 2010)
Vampire bachelor Samson can't get it up anymore. Not even his shrink can help him. That changes when the lovely mortal auditor Delilah tumbles into his arms after a seemingly random attack. Suddenly there's nothing wrong with his hydraulics - that is, as long as Delilah is the woman in his arms. 

His scruples about taking Delilah to bed vanish when his shrink suggests it's the only way to cure his problem. Thinking all he needs is one night with her, Samson indulges in a night of pleasure and passion.

However, another attack on Delilah and a dead body later, and Samson has his hands full: not only with trying to hide the fact he's a vampire, but also with finding out what secrets Delilah harbors for somebody to want her harm.

Book 2: Amaury's Hellion (Scanguards Vampires #2) by Tina Folsom (November 14th 2010) 
Vampire Amaury LeSang is cursed to feel everybody's emotions like a permanent migraine. The only way to alleviate the pain is through sex. When he meets the feisty human woman Nina, a cure for his ailment seems within reach: in her presence all pain vanishes. Unfortunately, Nina is out to kill him because she believes he's involved in her brother's death. And she would succeed if only Amaury's bad boy charm didn't play havoc with her hormones and catapulted her into his arms and his bed every time she was near him. As every kiss brings them physically closer, danger is lurking and threatens to destroy the little trust they have in each other. Warning: explicit sex scenes.

Book 3: Gabriel's Mate (Scanguards Vampires #3) by Tina Folsom (December 3rd 2010)
After Maya is turned into a vampire against her will, vampire and Scanguards bodyguard Gabriel is charged with protecting her and finding her attacker.

Gabriel has never guarded a body as perfect as Maya’s. But while the sexual tension between them rises and the rogue vampire closes in on them, Gabriel can’t allow himself to give into the desire he feels for Maya. He fears to fully show himself to her despite the intimacies they share - afraid she will react like all other women when she discovers the horror he hides.

Will she run from him when she discovers his secret, calling him a monster, a freak, a creature not worthy of her love?

Caution: graphic and explicit sex scenes - not for the faint of heart.

Book 4: Yvette's Haven (Scanguards Vampires #4) by Tina Folsom (April 2011)
After being kidnapped by a vampire hunter, vampire bodyguard Yvette's first instinct is to kill the bastard. But before she gets the chance, she realizes that he was double-crossed by the witch he was working for and now is in as much danger as she is. 

To get his brother out of trouble, bounty hunter / vampire slayer Haven has to deliver the young actress Kimberly to a witch. Unfortunately, she's protected by the very creature he hates most: a vampire. 

As Yvette and Haven try to escape their prison and rescue the actress and Haven's brother, will their natural hatred for each other keep them apart or is the passion that bubbles up between them strong enough for them to dare risk their lives to defeat the witch from harnessing the greatest power of all?

** Please do not read if you're easily offended by explicit sex scenes **

Book 5: Zane's Redemption (Scanguards Vampires #5) by Tina Folsom (November 2011)
The last thing vampire bodyguard Zane wants to do is to guard a hybrid, a half-vampire, half-human, whose father wants to keep her a virgin. Known for his violent temper and callous lack of compassion, Zane’s out-of-control rage, born of the cruelty he suffered during the Holocaust, drives him to focus only on revenge. Trying to find the last of his torturers is his only goal in life.

Portia is a young hybrid with a serious dilemma: in a few weeks, her body will be set in its final vampire form. If she is to avoid having to live out her immortal life as a virgin, she must find a lover in that short time—something her father hires Zane to prevent.

The moment Portia and Zane meet, rules begin to bend, and a forbidden attraction bursts into flames hotter than the hell of Zane’s past. But that past threatens to pull them apart unless they can overcome their prejudice, forsake hate for love, and revenge for forgiveness.

Book 6: Quinn's Undying Rose (Scanguards Vampires #6) by Tina Folsom (August 30th 2012)
Vampire bodyguard Quinn has lived the last 200 years as a playboy trying in vain to forget the only woman he has ever loved: his human wife Rose, who he believes to be dead.

But Rose is very much alive. Now a vampire herself, she has lived in hiding from Quinn all of these years, having faked her death to hide from him a terrible secret—one she knows would drive him to kill her.

When a powerful and evil vampire threatens to destroy Rose’s—and Quinn’s— only living descendant, she has no choice but to come out of hiding and ask for Quinn’s help. As Quinn struggles with the shock of Rose’s reappearance, and they reunite to battle a common foe, they rekindle the flames of their past. But will the passion that reignites between them be enough to overcome the secret that separates them?

Book 7: Oliver's Hunger (Scanguards Vampires #7) by Tina Folsom (March 31st 2013)
Newly turned vampire and Scanguards bodyguard Oliver has trouble controlling his thirst for blood. Every night is a struggle against temptation, but when Asian beauty Ursula literally falls into his arms, he fears he will lose the battle over his inner demons and succumb to bloodlust.

Enslaved by vampires for her special blood, Ursula has just escaped her captors. She’s rescued by a handsome stranger, only to realize that he’s a vampire. He claims he wants to help her, but can she trust a vampire who’s not only lusting after her body, but also her blood?

Her promise to rescue her fellow blood whores compels her to join forces with Oliver and his colleagues at Scanguards. Will her choice lead to her salvation or her downfall?


Seed and Enjoy!