Let's continue with another Czech stop-motion. The ENG Custom Subs were based on a Spanish Custom.

This torrent was previously released on eutorrents!

Enjoy!

Title: A Midsummer Night's Dream 
AKA: --
Year: 1959
Original title: Sen noci svatojánské
Runtime: 1 hour 15 minutes
Country: Czechoslovakia
Language: Czech
Subtitles: English (Custom) | Spanish | Russian (.srt )
Genre: Animation | Comedy | Fantasy | Romance

Director: Jirí Trnka

Cast

Credited cast:

Joss Ackland ... Quince (voice)
Ann Bell ... Hermia (voice)
Richard Burton ... Narrator
Tom Criddle ... Lysander (voice)
Jean Desailly ... Récitant / Narrator (French version) (voice)
Laura Graham ... Hippolyta (voice)
Jack Gwillim ... Oberon (voice)
Barbara Jefford ... Titania (voice)
Barbara Leigh-Hunt ... Helena (voice)
Hugh Manning ... Theseus (voice)
Alec McCowen ... Bottom (voice)
Michael Meacham ... Demetrius (voice)
Stephen Moore ... Flute (voice)
Rudolf Pellar ... Narrator (original Czech version) (as R. Pellar)
Roger Shepherd ... Puck (voice)

Plot / Synopsis

A Midsummer Night’s Dream (Czech: Sen noci svatojánské) is a 1959 Czechoslovak animated film directed by Jiří Trnka. It is based on the Shakespeare play of the same name. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. An English-language dubbed version was made with narration by Richard Burton.
The film won several awards including the Prize of the Technical Committee in Cannes and an Honourable Medal at the Venice Film Festival.

Reviews:

Alas, the version I saw was not the one listed here - with narration by Richard Burton and voices dubbed by luminaries of the Royal Shakespeare Company - but an alternative one with a very cloying woman (uncredited, and deservedly so!) who tells the whole story in voiceover. The result was less 'William Shakespeare Presents' than 'Tales for Toddler Time.' Frankly, I don't know why they bothered with narration at all, as Trnka's animation is so magically vivid as to make words superfluous.

In fact, this film is a masterpiece of visual storytelling - a reminder of just how wondrous animation can be when it doesn't insult a viewer's intelligence a la Walt Disney. Indeed, it's surprisingly adult at times. A randy goat (under the influence of magic love potion) tries to rape the fairy Puck. The two runaway lovers, Hermia and Lysander, slip into an eerily vulva-shaped cave to consummate their love. Strange, then, that Trnka cuts out the story's gay element - the desire of the Fairy King Oberon for the changeling boy. Perhaps that was more than Communist-era censors could take.

Otherwise, this is an exemplary reading of the text. Jiri Trnka's visualisation of the Enchanted Forest - every inch of it swathed in moonlight and dripping with rose petals, fairy wings, spying owls - rivals the Baroque splendours of the 1935 Max Reinhardt film. Even the amateur actors' performance of 'Pyramus and Thisbe' (an irksome comic interlude in most stagings) is transformed by Puck's magic into a heart-soaring experience. A must for anyone who loves Shakespeare - or, more important, anyone who doesn't - this is one dream you won't want to wake up from!

In my opinion Czech puppet animator JIRI TRNKA outdid himself when he created this version of "A Midsummer Night's Dream".This film's aesthetic beauty is only superceded by it's technical excellence for clearly TRNKA had moved away from his earlier techniques and developed a new one.

In his film "The Emperor's Nightingale" the puppets were silent, as actors were silent in the days before talkies. But in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" the puppet's were silent in the way that actors in mime, or ballet dancers are silent. 

There was also a basic difference in expression: In the first film the movement was symbolic,in the second, the action was expressed through the language of mime.

All in all... a triumph of stop-motion cinema.

Technical Specs
 
File Format: AVI/XviD

Video Format: avi
Video Bitrate: 2067 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps 
Aspect Ratio: 16:9
Resolution: 640 x 288
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.120

Audio Format: 0x0055 (MP3)
Audio Bitrate: 192 Kbps
Sampling rate: 44.1 kHz

Check SWATura torrents for other hard-to-find classics!

(K) Kopyleft 2013 - All Rites Reversed...

p.s. We are looking for native English speakers to help us out checking the English texts of translated Custom subtitles and comics... If interested, give us a shout, either here, or directly...

ThanxXx...		