Prototype 2 RePack R G Revenants


Year: April 24, 2012
Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Radical Entertainment
Publishers: Activision
Publication Type: RePack
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Crack: enclosing (SKIDROW)

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Operating system: Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: Intel Pentium ® D 3.0 GHz or equivalent AMD Athlon64 X2 4400 + 2.2 GHz
RAM: 2 GB
Video Card: ATI Radeon 2900 XT / NVIDIA GeForce 8800 with 512 MB ??VRAM
Sound device: compatible with DirectX ® 9.0c
Hard disk space: 12 GB



Prototype 2 - continuing brutal and bloody-selling games, Developed by Radical Entertainment in 2009. The second part of the game will continue the story of the transformation of man into the ultimate weapon. Sow havoc on the city streets with the abilities that give you a virus. Transform the body of the hero, absorbing many enemies. Use the limitless possibility of moving to explore the ruins of New York Zero in search of new experiences. Fight. Slay. ME. Bring your humanity as a sacrifice for a common goal - to kill ... Alex ... Mercer!
Breaking away the deadly virus turned metropolis in limbo. Divided into security zones, the city became a huge trap. Military control of the streets, destroying any manifestation of infection. Other areas have become a "red zone" - the home of the mutants, ruthlessly devouring its victims. Somewhere out there among the ruined buildings, hiding Alex Mercer, the main culprit of spreading the virus. And now there is willing and former sergeant James Heller, eager to avenge his family, who died in the first days of the cataclysm. Welcome to New York Zero. Hunting season is open ...

GAME FEATURES

• Kill the devil, take part in a bloody struggle with Alex Mercer amid the dilapidated New York Zero
• Change his monster: combine lethal mutations and create a truly unique prototype
• Catch, kill, turn: hunt down their victims, devour their memories and use their abilities
• Size matters: fight with elite special forces soldiers, destroying massive armor and destroy huge monsters

REPACK FEATURES

Do not cut / no recoded
DLC RADNET Access Pack
RePack by RG Revenants