Release Title Cellmates 2011 BRRip XviD AC3 - KINGDOM

Directed By: Jesse Baget
Tagline A heart warming buddy comedy with something to offend everyone. 
Storyline Leroy Lowe, grand dragon of the Texas Ku Klux Klan confronts everything he's been taught to hate when he's sentenced to three years of hard labor on a prison work farm, where Warden Merville, dead set on rehabilitating Leroy, chooses Emilio, a Hispanic field worker imprisoned for fighting for labor rights, to be his cell-mate. Leroy, confined in a small cell with the enemy, far from the KKK comrades who deserted him, finds the chatty Emilio slowly chipping away at his anger and prejudice. His weekly rehabilitation meetings with the warden, barely tolerable as the man drones on about farm labor and field crops, take on a different meaning when Madalena, a beautiful Mexican maid is hired to clean the warden's office. An unconventional love story develops that opens Leroy's eyes to the possibility of a different life. And a man who was a born and bred racist finds himself heading down a completely different path to salvation.

Cast
Tom Sizemore ... Leroy Lowe
Stacy Keach ... Warden Merville
Kevin P. Farley ... Bubba
Héctor Jiménez ... Emilio
Olga Segura ... Madalena
Bob Rickard ... Judge
Rock Williams ... Prison Guard
Tom Gulager ... Prison Guard
Kaj Sturdivant ... Prison Guard
Leighton R. Shields ... Minister
Orock Orock ... Prisoner
Scott Forrester ... Prisoner
Pedro Alvarado ... Prisoner
Darrell Britt ... Prisoner / KKK Member
Carlos Soto-Montes ... Prisoner

Genre Comedy | Drama
Language English 
Subtitles None 
Total Size 1.05 GiB
Duration 1h 25mn
Source BRMP 
Encoder MRX

Video Specs
Container and Codec: AVI & Xvid
Frontend And Writing Library: VirtualDubMod & XviD 62
Bitrate:  1 296 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution:  720x304 
Display Aspect Ratio: 2.35:1
Quality Factor (QF): 0.247
Frame Rate:  23.976 fps

Audio Specs
Audio Codec And Type: 2000 & AC3
Writing Application: VirtualDubMod 1.5.10.2
Bitrate Mode: Constant
Bitrate: 448 Kbps
Channel Count: 6 Channel 

IMDB http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1615480/ 
IMDb Rating: 5.0/10
Trailer http://www.imdb.com/video/screenplay/vi3390088985/ 