Abed Azrié is a French composer of Syrian origin. He has published some twenty music albums, composed music for films and published several books, including his well-known adaptation of the Gilgamesh epic into French. On his tours throughout Europe, the United States and Mexico, he inspires his audiences with the modernity of his compositions and universality of his poetic messages. His music has long enjoyed the admiration of artists as diverse as Yehudi Menuhin, John Adams, Jeff Buckley, Leonard Cohen or René Char.

Abed Azrié sees himself primarily as a man of freedom. He believes in the arts as a medium of humanity and is defending an art that is free from entrenched forms and limitations and is aiming directly at man in his universality and timeliness. For him, « a word which is sung is no longer just a simple word, but it is enchanted, transformed into trance ».

The texts which he selects for his compositions are from oriental and western, ancient and contemporary poetry, and are written in different languages (Arabic, Spanish, French, Venetian, German and English): Adonis, Andrea Zanzotto, Omar Khayyam, Jean Cocteau, Gibran, Hafiz, Goethe, and others...  All these texts have one thing in common: they are evoking the fullness of life and they celebrate the miracle of life, the freedom of the mind and the opening of the heart.

Serving these essential texts, Abed Azrié is writing a luminous, profound and refined music, which combines in ever renewed ways instruments, rhythms and voices, creating a universe of sound that only belongs to him. His music expresses an exceptional vitality inhabited by a subtle sense of the sacred without reference.

TrackList:
I Am The One I Love (Al-Hallaj) (04:50) 
Perplexity (Ibn Arabi) (04:18) 
To Die Of Love (Al-Hallaj) (03:31) 
Longing (Sohrawardi) (03:45) 
Belief (Ibn Arabi) (05:11) 
Divine Love (Rabiah Al-Adawiyyah) (04:02) 
Canticle Of Love (Ibn Al-Fared) (05:32) 
Murmur Of The Breeze (Al-Hallaj) (05:09) 
Epistle Of The Beloved (Ibn Arabi) (04:13) 
Remoteness (Al-Hallaj) (03:39) 
Embrace (Ibn Arabi) (03:29) 
Drunkenness (Shibli) (03:56) 
Nearness (Niffari) (05:35) 
Passion (Ibn Al-Fared) (08:30) 

Duration : 65:33 | Bitarte : 192 kBit/s | Year : 2007 