This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2008.


Connie Francis - The Very Best Of Connie Francis (1986)
 
http://ec2.images-amazon.com/images/I/41NG693TMVL._SL500_AA240_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop.
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

Connie Francis is the prototype for the female pop singer of today. At the height of her chart popularity in the late '50s and early '60s, Connie Francis was unique as a female recording artist, amassing record sales equal to and surpassing those of many of her post-rock era male contemporaries. Ultimately, she branched into other styles of music -- big band, country, ethnic, and more. She still challenges Madonna as the biggest-selling female recording artist of all time. Like Madonna, Concetta Rosemarie Franconero comes from an Italian American background. Francis started her music career at three, playing an accordion bought for her by her contractor father George. Her father's dream was not for his daughter to become a star, but for Francis to become independent of men as an adult with her own accordion school of music. At age ten, she was accepted on Startime, a New York City television show that featured talented child singers and performers. The show had no one else who played an accordion. Its host, legendary TV talent scout Arthur Godfrey, had difficulty pronouncing her name and suggested something "easy and Irish," which turned into Francis. After three weeks on Startime , the show's producer and Francis' would-be manager advised her to dump the accordion and concentrate on singing. Francis performed weekly on Startime for four years. ...

To read the entire bio: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:gifpxqe5ldke~T1

All Music Album Review:

Though many best-of's exist on the market, this one leans more heavily toward her earlier rock & roll hits. (Originally released in October 1963 as a 15-track LP by MGM Records, The Very Best of Connie Francis was reissued in 1986 on CD with six bonus tracks by Polydor Records.)

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:gifqxqy5ldde

Reviews and for sale here:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000001FG9

Track List:

01. Who's Sorry Now
02. I'm Sorry I Made You Cry
03. Stupid Cupid
04. Fallin'
05. My Happiness
06. If I Didn't Care
07. Lipstick On Your Collar
08. Frankie
09. You're Gonna Miss Me
10. Among My Souvenirs
11. Teddy
12. Everybody's Somebody's Fool
13. My Heard Has A Mind Of Its Own
14. Many Tears Ago
15. Where The Boys Are
16. Breakin' In A Brand New Broken Heart
17. Don't Break The Heart That Loves You
18. Second Hand Love
19. Vacation
20. I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter
21. Follow The Boys
