Sword of the Stars II: Enhanced Edition v2.0.24917.1 + DLC (2012/MULTi4/Steam-Rip by R.G. Gamer)
Year: 2011 | PC | English | Developer : Kerberos Productions | Publisher : Paradox Interactive | 1.96 GB
Genre : Strategy (Turn-based / Grand strategy) / 3D

In the continuation of the global space strategy Sword of the Stars future ruler will open the mysteries and secrets of ancient power that threatens the universe intelligent races. "Sword of the Stars II: Lords of Winter" - a huge step forward in the development of global space strategy genre, and in the ideology of the project is a philosophy: "Easy to learn, hard to become a professional."

Enhanced Edition includes "Sword of the Stars II: The Lords of Winter" and the first expansion "End of Flesh". In addition introduces a new playable race - Loa. Also edition includes all previously released DLC.

Features:

Head over any of the six races, including the new one, and combine the universe under his rule. Explore and learn the many complex and unusual star systems consisting of planets, satellites, moons, asteroid belts and spatial anomalies.
Form invincible fleet of starships, not previously encountered in the series.
Design a new space ships themselves, being available to many parts and auxiliary systems. Examine the tree updated technologies, covering the period from the era before the era of nuclear fusion research antimatter.
Heed boundless grandeur of space, beautiful as ever thanks to a new graphics engine. Prove your supremacy in multiplayer battles, designed for eight players.

Versions of content

Sword of the Stars II: Enhanced Edition + DLC (From May 10, 2013)
Version: 2.0.24917.3

Steam-Rip is identical to the activated via Steam, updated to the latest version of the licensed copy of the game from Paradox Interactive. The game is packed with original structure, acf and manifest files.

Installation and Startup | Change language
1. Unzip the game using Sword.of.the.Stars.II.EE.EN-RGIgromany.exe
2. Copy the contents of the folder Crack (SKIDROW) in the game folder (...  steamapps  common  Sword of the Stars II )
3. Run the game with sots2.exe (...  steamapps  common  Sword of the Stars II  bin  x86 )

The soundtrack is in the game folder (...  steamapps  common  Sword of the Stars II ) Changing the language is in sots2.exe (...  steamapps  common  Sword of the Stars II  bin  x86 )

System requirements:
* Operating System: Vista / Windows 7
* Processor: Core2 Duo
* Memory: 2 GB
* Video: 512 MB ??RAM
* Sound device: compatible with DirectX 9.0
* Hard disk: 5 GB