Contains Infernal Devices Trilogy by Cassandra Clare in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1 - Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare (August 31, 2010)

Magic is dangerous but love is more dangerous still. The Infernal Devices trilogy, a prequel to bestselling The Mortal Instruments trilogy, follows 16-year-old orphan Tessa Fell, whose quiet life is thrown into turmoil when her older brother Nathaniel suddenly vanishes, leaving her alone. Tessa's search for him leads her to England during the reign of Queen Victoria, into London's dangerous underworld, where warlocks throw masked balls for half-demon Downworlders and vampires and supernatural folk stalk the gaslit streets. When the friendless and hunted Tessa discovers that she herself is a Downworlder, she must learn to trust her natural enemies, the demon-killing Shadowhunters, if she ever wants to learn to control her powers and find her brother. Drawn ever deeper into their world, she finds herself fascinated by - and torn between - two best friends; beautiful Will, a Shadowhunter hiding a deadly secret, and the devoted Jem, whose addiction to a demon drug is slowly destroying him. Tessa quickly realises that love may be the most dangerous magic of all and must draw on all her strength to save her brother and keep herself alive in this deadly new world.
ISBN: 9781406328813

Book 2 - Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare (December 6, 2011)

The situation at the London Institute has never been more precarious. With Mortmain and his clockwork army still threatening, the Council wants to strip Charlotte of her power and hand the running of the Enclave over to the unscrupulous and power-hungry Benedict Lightwood.
In the hope of saving Charlotte and the Institute, Will, Jem, and Tessa set out to unravel the secrets of Mortmain's past--and discover unsettling Shadowhunter connections that hold the key not only to the enemy's motivations, but also to the secret of Tessa's identity. Tessa, already caught between the affections of Will and Jem, finds herself with another choice to make when she learns how the Shadowhunters helped make her a "monster." Will she turn from them to her brother, Nate, who has been begging her to join him at Mortmain's side? Where will her loyalties--and love--lie? Tessa alone can choose to save the Shadowhunters of London...or end them forever.

Book 3 - Clockwork Princess by Cassandra Clare (Mar 19, 2013)

DonΓÇÖt miss The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, soon to be a major motion picture in theaters August 2013.
If the only way to save the world was to destroy what you loved most, would you do it?
The clock is ticking. Everyone must choose.
Passion. Power. Secrets. Enchantment.
Danger closes in around the Shadowhunters in the final installment of the bestselling Infernal Devices trilogy. Be sure not to miss the special first edition, complete with an exclusive family tree.
ISBN: 141697590X


Seed and Enjoy!