
Play as the Predator in this official game based on the iconic sci-fi film franchise!

Hone your hunting techniques to lethal precision as you earn full membership in the Predators clan by tracking down and eliminating packs of elite human assassins, and defending yourself against even deadlier enemies...

Brought to you by Angry Mob Games, the creators of Guerrilla Bob and Muffin Knight!

YOU ARE THE PREDATOR

These humans are the most dangerous killers on the planet…but it’s not their planet. This planet is a game preserve and they are the prey. Pit your incredible Predator strength, stealth, and alien technology against the killer instincts of the nine deadliest human beings alive; mercenaries, assassins, death-squad soldiers, cartel enforcers, black ops snipers, and more… Prove you are the ultimate Predator. Begin the hunt and end their lives.

CLAN WARFARE

No enemy is more dangerous than your own kind. Defend yourself against 3 powerful and distinct Berserker Predators determined to exterminate your clan. Fend off the dangerous Tracker Predator with his ferocious dogs, the Falconer Predator and his vicious hawks, before facing off against your ultimate nemesis--the Super Black Predator.

COLLECT YOUR TROPHIES

Take out your targets and claim your trophies – the heads of your human prey – while unlocking new alien technologies and weaponry to complete the hunt. Strike your targets swiftly and silently, separating them from their group and eliminating them one-by-one.

ALIEN TECHNOLOGIES

Use your Stealth Generator and vanish with chameleon-like transparency, then turn on your Thermal Vision while you pull out the big guns. Use long-range cannons, lethal Smart Discs, Razor Whip, the sadistic Net Gun, and of course your deadly wrist-blade and spears. These nasty blades give new meaning to the phrase, “Get to the chopper!” 

What's in this version:
Fixed licensing error

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fde.predators


Instructions:

1.Copy 'com.fde.predators' folder to 'sdcard/Android/obb'
2.Install APK
3.Launch the game
	