                           S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                           .the leading force.

                            proudly presents
    Assassins Creed III The Tyranny of King Washington The Betrayal


  17-03-2013......Release Date  Protection............Ubisoft DRM
  Action.............Game Type  Disk(s).......................DOX


   RELEASE NOTES


In Episode 2: The Betrayal, you gain the Power of the Eagle which
grants access to a unique set of gifts that enable lightning-fast
reactions and adds another dimension of stealth beyond even the
previous chapters Power of the Wolf!

Similar to the Power of the Wolf, Power of the Eagle has two different
uses. First, it enables Ratonhnhakton to soar from one location to
another quickly and invisibly as a ghostly eagle. You activate this
ability by looking in the direction you want to go - if the Power of
the Eagle is available to use, you will see a reticle appear with two
wings.

Once you press the button to activate the ability, Raton will transform
into an eagle and streak towards the new location completely unseen!
Best of all, you can use this ability while running or jumping to
dramatically increase the distance of your jumps or even save yourself
from a nasty fall.

Of course, the Power of the Eagle would not be complete if it didnt
include some kind of offensive component as well. Consequently, we've
included the Eagle Strike, which will enable you to power dive into a
foe, ending their life with the swiftness of a deadly raptor! Will this
extraordinary ability be enough to ensure that Ratonhnhakton can stand
against King Washington and his remaining lackeys Israel Putnam and
Benjamin Franklin?


PROPER NOTE:
Reloaded's proper of our Patch 1.04 is not valid, furthermore there
Assassins.Creed.III.The.Tyranny.of.King.Washington.The.Betrayal.DLC
-RELOADED corrupt ur saves.
No Uplay is needed, but if you got one installed it will not interrupt,
no matter which version, plus our proper also unlock all DLC's.

Fixnote: RegOpenKeyEx is now supporting gamestart without launcher
registry entrys, but who cares.


   INSTALL NOTES


1. Unpack this release
2. Run AssassinsCreed3_DLC2.exe (Make sure our Patch 1.04 has been
   installed)
3. Copy the cracked content from the Crack folder and into the main
   install folder and overwrite
4. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
   secure/trusted in your antivirus program
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


   ADDITIONAL NOTES


This has only been tested on own Assassins.Creed.III-SKIDROW release,
as RELOADED's release is nothing more than a dupe!

We decided to implent and emulate the latest version of the Ubisofts
orbit launcher, to enable every offline function, that their orbit
service gives users who actually owns the original. Simply to offer
emulated functions that noone else in the scene currently offers.

You'll notice it when you see it!


   GREETINGS


To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!


                                ascii art by the
                               godlike & terrific duo
                                   malodix + irokos
                                    titan artdivision
[/pre]		