This torrent contains: 

the unabridged 2007 Audiobook [96] read by Ralph Cosham

the TTC Lecture Series explaining the Poem

A PDF of the 1927 translation

-----


Dante Alighieri
The Divine Comedy
(Inferno | Purgatorio | Paradiso)
Release:	05/01/07
Label:	Blackstone Audio, Inc
Country:	US
Type:	Audiobook
Length:	13 hours, 20 minutes
Format: 11 CDs
Read by: Ralph Cosham
Translated by: Carlyle-Okey-Wicksteed
ISBN: 9781433206351
Blackstone Book ID: 4393
URL: http://www.blackstoneaudio.com/audiobook.cfm?id=4393

Translated by Carlyle-Okey-Wicksteed

Blackstone Audio presents a new recording of this classic masterpiece, originally published in 1320, with award-winning narrator Ralph Cosham.

No words can describe the greatness of this work, a greatness both of theme and of artistry. Dante’s theme is universal; it involves the greatest concepts that man has ever attained. Only a genius could have found the loftiness of tone and the splendor and variety of images that are presented in The Divine Comedy.

The story is an allegory representing the soul’s journey from spiritual depths to spiritual heights. As mankind exposes itself, by its merits or demerits, to the rewards or the punishments of justice, it experiences “Inferno” or hell, “Purgatorio” or purgatory, and “Paradiso” or heaven, a vision of a world of beauty, light, and song. A single listening will reveal the power of Dante's imagination to make the spiritual visible.

In this edition, "Inferno" is translated by John Aitken Carlyle, "Purgatorio," by Thomas Okey, and "Paradiso" by Philip H. Wicksteed.


REVIEWS

"A modern reader, uninformed, could peruse the whole Commedia, satisfied with the mere literal story and entranced by its unparalleled beauty of language and imagery, but he would miss the inspiration of that higher message which so clearly merits the name of divine."––C. H. Grandgent


DANTE ALIGHIERI (1265-1321), one of the greatest poets in the Italian language, was born in Florence and later banished from there for his political activities. His philosophical-political poem Commedia, later called Divina Commedia, is considered a masterpiece of world literature.