Gérard Xavier Marcel Depardieu (born 27 December 1948) is a French actor, film-maker, businessman and vineyard owner. He is one of the most prolific character actors in film history, having completed over 170 movies since 1967. He has twice won the César Award for Best Actor as well as the Golden Globe award for Best Actor in Green Card. After he garnered huge critical acclaim for the title role in Cyrano de Bergerac, which landed him a nomination for an Academy Award, Depardieu acted in many big budget Hollywood movies. He is a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur, Chevalier of the Ordre national du Mérite. He was granted Russian citizenship on 3 January 2013 by Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Gérard Depardieu was born in Châteauroux, Indre, France. He is one of five children of Anne Jeanne Josèphe "la Liette" (née Marillier) and René Maxime Lionel "le Dédé" Depardieu, a metal worker and volunteer fireman. Depardieu spent more time on the street than in the classroom and left school at 15.

At the age of 16, Depardieu left Châteauroux for Paris. There, he began acting in the new comedy theatre Café de la Gare, along with Patrick Dewaere, Romain Bouteille, Sotha, Coluche, and Miou-Miou. 

His breakout film role came in 1974 playing Jean-Claude in Bertrand Blier's comedy Going Places. He studied dancing under Jean-Laurent Cochet, and went on to become one of France's most renowned actors. In 1986, his international fame grew as a result of his performance as a doomed, hunchbacked farmer in the film Jean de Florette. Five years later he won a César for his starring role in Cyrano de Bergerac.

Gerard crossed over into the American film market by co-starring in the 1990 film Green Card. He has since had other roles in five English-language films, My Father the Hero, The Man in the Iron Mask, 102 Dalmatians, Last Holiday, and Life of Pi.
More recently, he has played Obélix in the four live-action Astérix movies in which he is said to have discovered Mélanie Laurent when she was 14.

List Of Films In Part One. English Subtitles Included With Foriegn Language Films

Life of Pi 
Potiche 
My Afternoons with Margueritte
Glenn, the Flying Robot 
Mammuth 
Dumas 
Inspector Bellamy 
Diamond 13 
Hello, Goodbye 
Bouquet final 
Mesrine: Public Enemy No. 1 
Mesrine: Killer Instinct 
Babylon A.D. 
Disco 
La vie en rose 
Quand j'étais chanteur 
Paris, je t'aime
Last Holiday 
How Much Do You Love Me? 
La vie de Michel Muller est plus belle que la vôtre 
Les temps qui changent
New France 
The Lady Musketeer
RRRrrrr!!! 
The Car Keys
Shut Up! 
Nathalie... 
Bon voyage 
Crime Spree 
Le pacte du silence 
Blanche 
City of Ghosts 
A Loving Father 
Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra 
Les Misérables
Napoléon
Vidocq
CQ 
The Closet 
102 Dalmatians 
Vatel 
Balzac
The Count of Monte Cristo
The Bridge
Asterix and Obelix Take on Caesar 
The Man in the Iron Mask
Hamlet 
The Secret Agent 
Bogus 
Unhook the Stars 
The Horseman on the Roof 
Élisa
Le colonel Chabert 
My Father the Hero 
Germinal 
Oh, Woe Is Me 
1492: Conquest of Paradise
Tous les Matins du Monde 
Mon Pere Ce Heros 
'Merci la vie' 
Green Card 
Cyrano de Bergerac 
Too Beautiful for You 
Camille Claudel 
Under the Sun of Satan
Les fugitifs 
Je hais les acteurs 
Manon of the Spring
Tenue de soirée 
Police 
Fort Saganne 
Les compères 
The Moon in the Gutter
Danton 
The Return of Martin Guerre
La chèvre
The Woman Next Door 
Le choix des armes 
The Last Metro 
Loulou
My American Uncle 
Buffet Froid 
Préparez vos mouchoirs
The Lorry 
Barocco 
I Love You, I Don't 
Maîtresse 
Stavisky... 
Les Valseuses 
Deux hommes dans la ville 
Nathalie Granger
Sunlight on Cold Water 