Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the game:

Black Ops II is the first game in the Call of Duty franchise to feature future warfare technology and the first to present branching storylines driven by player choice. 
It also offers a 3D display option.
The single-player campaign will feature two connected storylines, one set in the 1970s through 1980s and the other in 2025. 
The protagonist of Black Ops, Alex Mason returns as the protagonist in the Cold War section, where he will be fighting in proxy wars for the United States in the Cold War. 
Known locations for this section of the game include multiple sites in Central America, Afghanistan during the Soviet invasion and Angola.
Treyarch has confirmed that the Zombies mode will return for Black Ops II with its own campaign. 
Its predecessors were Call of Duty: World at War and Call of Duty: Black Ops. 
This is the third time for the Zombies mode to appear in a Call of Duty game, and the first time to have its own campaign along with the main story........


PC System Requirements

Minimum:
OS: Windows Vista SP2 / Windows 7 / Windows 8
Processor: Intel Core2 Duo E8200 2.66 GHz or AMD Phenom X3 8750 2.4 GHz
Memory: 2 GB for 32-bit OS or 4 GB for 64-bit OS
Graphics: Nvidia GeForce 8800GT 512 MB or ATI Radeon HD 3870 512 MB
DirectX: 9.0c
Hard Drive: 18 GB HD space
Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible


Notes:
This version of game is already cracked - just install and play 
Multiplayer - Online
Included all updates ,Revolution and Uprising DLC.
Do not try to switch to multiplayer or zombie from Game Menu in single player mode - is not working.


How to play multiplayer:
1: Go to game folder and run file "t6mp" or open Multi from desktop shortcut
2: Login with your account data
3: Play online

Have fun.





How to install:
After download is done:
- open part1 (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.


If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .