Jens Malte Fischer - Gustav Mahler, translated by Stewart Spencer (Yale University Press, 2011).

ISBN: 9780300134445 | 766 pages | PDF

A best seller when first published in Germany in 2003, Jens Malte Fischer's "Gustav Mahler" has been lauded by scholars as a landmark work. He draws on important primary resources -- some unavailable to previous biographers -- and sets in narrative context the extensive correspondence between Mahler and his wife, Alma; Alma Mahler's diaries; and the memoirs of Natalie Bauer-Lechner, a viola player and close friend of Mahler, whose private journals provide insight into the composer's personal and professional lives and his creative process.

Fischer explores Mahler's early life, his relationship to literature, his achievements as a conductor in Vienna and New York, his unhappy marriage, and his work with the Metropolitan Opera and the New York Philharmonic in his later years. He also illustrates why Mahler is a prime example of artistic idealism worn down by Austrian anti-Semitism and American commercialism. 

"Gustav Mahler" is the best-sourced and most balanced biography available about the composer, a nuanced and intriguing portrait of his dramatic life set against the backdrop of early 20th century America and fin de siecle Europe.

Reviews

"[Fischer is] a sympathetic writer who takes pains to establish the historical and cultural milieu that informs Mahler's music. His affection for his subject is palpable, the descriptions of the rural setting of the composer's Bohemian childhood are evocative, and the discussions of the symphonies and song cycles are original." -- John Adams, International Herald Tribune

"[A] superb, multi-faceted biography. . . . Fischer's superb study does full justice to the complexity of its subject." -- Adam Lively, The Sunday Times

"Fischer's canny handling of the latest Mahlerian scholarship is likely to remain the best one-volume treatment of its inexhaustible subject." -- Bayan Northcott, BBC Music Magazine

"Fischers approach is measured and meticulous, lucid in its analysis of Mahler's music and personality, and astute in its picture of the social and historical contexts that shaped them." -- Rupert Christiansen, Daily Telegraph

"Much has been written in recent years about this supremely gifted, high-strung composer/conductor, but nothing better than Fischer's intelligent and sympathetic biography." -- Reporter-Times

"Mahlerians will welcome this important work for its synthesis of new and old data within a bold, passionately argued study. . . [Fischer's] biography may be the most rewarding way to appreciate Mahler and his resonant art." -- Jeffery S. McMillan, Opera News
