Official Web Site:  http://www.hyperbolicsoftware.com/TidyUp.html

Pre-cracked courtesy of TOBW

Tidy Up is a complete duplicate finder and disk tidiness utility.

Here are a few Tidy Up! features:

* With Tidy Up! you can search for duplicate files and packages; by the 
  owner application, content, type, creator, extension, time modified, time
  created, name, label, visibility and date/age. You can also search by the 
  tag, duration and bit installments of MP3 and AAC sound files and 
  EXIF metadata, search the contents of the iPhoto, Aperture, iTunes, 
  iPod databases and Mail mailboxes, and synchronize deletions with 
  iPhoto, Mail and iTunes.

* Tidy Up! allows you to search for duplicate folders; by name, date 
  modified, date created, label visibility, empty folders, their contents and 
  more.

* Tidy Up! is fast, it doesn't index the scanned volumes, so you don't 
  waste additional precious space. With its multitasking capability, you can 
  do more searches at a time and take advantage of the latest Mac 
  computers and operating systems.

* Tidy Up! comes with a search mode called Basic Mode*, which 
  includes more than 90 pre-defined searches. For a customized strategy, 
  you can opt for Strategy Wizard, which based on your choices creates 
  the appropriate criteria with which to search for duplicates and a new 
  "Smart Basket" that will contain the items to be removed, or the manual
   method, the most customized method offered.

* Tidy Up! has a security system that assures you will keep at least one 
  file of the duplicate group on your disk, the ability to undo copied and
  moved items and the ability to restore trashed items as long as the trash 
  is not emptied, even after a restart of the computer.

* Tidy Up! offers a full-size preview of the most commonly used files 
  such as: audio, media, text, pdf, graphics, fonts and more... and Quick 
  Look like in the Finder (only from OS X 10.5). One of the most 
  interesting features of Tidy Up! is the capability to separate, for quick
  and easy organization, found items using custom criteria via "Smart
  Baskets." It also includes the possibility to choose, from the items 
  belonging to the supported applications, a specific album , playlist or
   mailbox.

* Tidy Up! allows you to trash, move, replace the moved and trashed 
  items with aliases or symbolic links, burn, assign colored Finder labels
  and export into html and text files all found items.

* Tidy Up! is fully customizable and allows you to create your preferred
   workspace.

What's New:

* Includes bug fixes that sometimes crashed the application.

* Other minor bug fixes and enhancements.

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6.6 or later

--- PLEASE SEED ---