StarCraft II: Heart of the Swarm Proper (c) Blizzard

04/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Battle.net
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: RTS

Proper notes

You only need to read FLTs nfo to know that something is wrong. Their
release requires you to be online in order to download patch files from
Blizzard. This makes their release invalid now, and useless later, when
Blizzard disables their crack with patch files. Our release comes with all
data required to play

Furthermore, the FLT release doesn't support custom (Arcade/Skirmish) maps
Our release does, it supports all maps available offline

Finally, their crack does not work with certain CPUs, for instance on
the latest AMD 8 core processors. Our crack does

Additional notes

Our crack will attempt to automatically firewall the game using Windows
Firewall. If your Windows Firewall is disabled, then you need to be offline,
or you need to use your third party firewall to block the following exe
manually: "VersionsBase24944SC2.exe

It's possible to add more custom maps (Arcade/Skirmish) if you wish. Ask one
of your friends who has the original game to Create Games using these maps
(while logged in to Battle.Net just enter the lobby, then leave it).
After all maps are downloaded and pre-cached, get his Offline Cache folder
which is located in "C:Documents and SettingsAll UsersApplication Data
Blizzard EntertainmentBattle.net" and copy it into the "Battle.net
sub-folder of where you installed the game

Game infos

Welcome to The Hive Mind

You are Sarah Kerrigan, former Queen of Blades. Once the most feared entity
in the galaxy, you now wait in a cell in the depths of a high-security
research laboratory. Before the murderous forces of the Terran Dominion
close in, you must plot your escape to the dark reaches of space... and
reclaim your living empire at the Heart of the Swarm

Command New Weapons of War
Deploy devastating new units across an ever-shifting battlefield. Incinerate
advancing foes with the Hellbat, seize air superiority with the Tempest,
engulf entrenched enemies with the Swarm Host, and much more

Unleash Hell
Lead Sarah Kerrigan as she embarks on a path of furious vengeance. Evolve
your brood for maximum devastation, unlock latent psionic powers, and swarm
from planet to planet aboard your moon-sized zerg Leviathan

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
your game install directory, overwriting existing files
Firewall the game manually if you have disabled Windows Firewall, as
described in the notes above
5. Play the game by using the default login (rldsince9y.com
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT 