Coast to Coast AM for May 06, 2013.  The Djin and Dreams
Note: These are the MP3 files provided by Coast to Coast AM's website. I am curious to see which format people enjoy better. Do you like the previous bumper music version? Or would you rather have it as the original mp3s. Let me know in the comments please! 
So far, MP3 version wins!

Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
Show description:
ate:
05-06-13
Host:
George Noory
Guests:
Rosemary Ellen  Guiley,                   Grant  Cameron
Expert on the paranormal Rosemary Ellen Guiley discussed her recent research into the Djinn - powerful spiritual entities that have been described throughout history, as well as her long standing work on dreams. She characterized the Djinn as a race of supernatural beings who were here on the Earth before humanity, but lost dominion of the planet and now live in a parallel dimension to ours. They have access to our world, and there are those among them who are rather hostile to humans, though not all of them are negative, she said. "Based on my research of years and years tracking these entities throughout the paranormal realm, they account for a lot of our negative experiences-- hauntings, possessions, entity encounters...and ET abductions," she revealed.  
According to one ancient Arabian legend, the Djinn originated from the winds-- "they were literally primordial wind spirits, often responsible for ill winds that blew in, bringing in disease and bad luck," she detailed. In the Koran, they are explained as preexisting humans created from a substance called smokeless fire, and this may reflect their shapeshifting ability to take on different forms. Interestingly, Guiley concluded after years of studying Shadow People accounts that they are actually Djinn, whom she also believes are connected with alien abduction/hybrid scenarios. Sightings of Shadow People would often precede abductions, she said, sometimes by weeks, months, or years. She also described strange shadow creatures called scuttlers that have been associated with the breakdown of equipment, and health problems. "In writing The Djinn Connection...my purpose here is to bring the Djinn to the attention of the western audience, especially to investigators and researchers...they're not on our radar, and we need to know about them," she stated.  
Speaking about how to recognize precognitive dreams, Guiley said they typically have a different signature, though that can vary from person to person. "Some people will only have precognitive dreams a few times in their lifetimes, and other people will have them quite frequently," she noted. She also touched on dream incubation, lucid dreaming, and how one can successfully interpret their own dreams (see related guide). 
Disclosure Hearing Recap
First hour guest, ufologist Grant Cameron gave a recap of last week's Citizen's Hearing on Disclosure, which he considers to be the biggest event of its kind since Steven Greer's 2001 Disclosure Project. The panel, which consisted of one former US Senator and five former members of Congress, seemed to be spellbound and eventually won over by the extensive testimony about UFOs, Cameron reported. On the last day, when the panelists made their final statements, Senator Mike Gravel remarked that he was angry about the UFO cover-up and the related withholding of advanced technology from the public. Cameron was one of the presenters at the Hearing and spoke about the UFO-psychic connection. Watch a short clip here. 
News segment guests: Greg Hunter,Jeff Nelken
Website(s):
 visionaryliving.com
 djinnuniverse.com
 presidentialufo.com
Book(s):
 The Djinn Connection
 The Vengeful Djinn
 The Encyclopedia of Vampires, Werewolves, and Other Monsters
 Talking to the Dead
 UFOs, Area 51, and Government Informants
