mIRC

mIRC is a full featured Internet Relay Chat client for Windows that can be used to communicate, share, play or work with others on IRC networks around the world, either in multi-user group conferences or in one-to-one private discussions.

It has a clean, practical interface that is highly configurable and supports features such as buddy lists, file transfers, multi-server connections, IPv6, SSL encryption, proxy support, UTF-8 display, UPnP, customizable sounds, spoken messages, tray notifications, message logging, and more.

mIRC also has a powerful scripting language that can be used both to automate mIRC and to create applications that perform a wide range of functions from network communications to playing games.

mIRC has been in development for over a decade and is constantly being improved and updated with new technologies. 

Changes:

mIRC 7.29 has been released! (January 16th 2013) 
This is a small update that addresses a number of issues reported by users since the last release. It includes improvements, changes and fixes to a number of features, including:
SSL certificate hashes are now stored in the servers.ini file for all certificates and a warning is displayed if a certificate has changed since the last connection.

An issue with the /help command not displaying the correct location of a search term has been fixed.

The /run command has been changed to improve backward compatibility with older scripts.

The way the Escape key works has been changed so that it clears the contents of the current editbox if the "Escape key minimizes window" option is not enabled.

A /hotlink bug that prevented hotlink popup menus from being displayed has been fixed.

The maximized window position is now saved correctly when the "on startup minimize mIRC to tray" option is enabled.

Urls in your own messages are now once again saved to the urls list.

An issue with the "Hide tips when locked" option, that caused tips to flicker briefly in view, has been fixed.

The editbox buffer feature has been improved and should now work more reliably in different contexts.

The /vol -v command now correctly sets the master volume on newer versions of Windows.

Other changes and bug fixes.
In total there have been around 21 changes to this version and although most of them are only small fixes and tweaks, we hope that they result in a more useful and stable mIRC for you.

Supported OS:

Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8 

Not compatible with Windows 95/98/ME/NT

Homepage: http://www.mirc.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run "Regme" and merge it to registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
