#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-01-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Open Lines, Joshua P. Warren

In the first half of the program, George was joined by paranormal researcher Joshua P. Warren, who shared details of his recent trip to Puerto Rico to investigate the story of Michael Rivera, a 48-year old man who has been tormented for the last nine months by a demeaning disembodied voice. Warren said Puerto Rico is of particular interest to him because of its location in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. In addition, he has received several bizarre reports of people there waking in the night to find a blinding ball of light hovering in their bedrooms. Sometimes a voice from the light will speak to the individuals, telling them that a significant event will happen but they will be safe and need not fear it, Warren added.

The Rivera case is perhaps even more puzzling. According to Warren, Rivera sold his soul to the devil in order to gain power and was for a time filled with an energy unlike anything he had ever felt. Eventually, he started hearing a threatening and abusive male voice, Warren revealed, noting that other witnesses have also heard the voice when around Rivera. Warren too heard something during his interview with Rivera and presented audio clips of his findings. One was of a mysterious whistling sound in an otherwise quiet environment. In another, Rivera can be heard asking, "You're satanic, right?" followed by a thumping sound. Warren asserted that a demonic sounding "NO!" could be audibly heard in the room following Rivera's question. More information about this strange case, including how you can ask Rivera's 'demon' a question, can be found at joshuapwarren.com.

-------------------------------------------------

During Open Lines, Frank from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, phoned in with a weird tale from his trucking days. Frank said he used to travel with his small dog, a friendly Basset Hound/German Shepherd mix. "She never growled at anybody, I mean she's just a lovable little creature," he noted. One evening the dog became inexplicably agitated and lunged at a man at the truck stop, Frank continued. Two weeks later Frank recalled seeing the man on television and finding out that he was a serial killer. Fernando in Henderson, Nevada, related an unusual experience from the nineties that his then pregnant mother had with a 'naked ghost.' According to Fernando, his mother was trying to fall asleep one night but could feel something persistently trying to pull the sheets off of her. She turned to see what it was and saw what appeared to be a man with no clothes standing there beckoning her to come toward him, he explained. Rick from Washington State admitted to keeping various entities he has encountered as pets and allowing them to feed off his life energy.

News segment guests: Rhettman Mullis / Catherine Austin Fitts
Website(s):

    joshuapwarren.com
    paranormalpuertorico.com

