Human Geography: People, Place, and Culture (10th Ed)
by Erin H. Fouberg, Alexander B. Murphy and H. J. de Blij
Wiley | January 2012 | ISBN-10: 1118018699 | PDF | 560 pages | 92.5 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Human-Geography-People-Place-Culture/dp/1118018699

Human Geography 10th Edition includes all of the important concepts and theory on Human Geography as previous issues with a more succinct and engaging narrative while going in depth to touch on all the major themes of the topic. The text focuses on identity and how every human being forges an identity in a globalized world.  It includes recurring coverage of "identity" and how people make places and shape identities to see global, local and individual implications of decisions that people make every day.The main objective of this issue is to provide more understanding of human systems from a spatial perspective; ways to think globally; and ways to understand real-world implications of Human Geography. The text will help encourage a better understanding of how to create an identity in a globalized world and how decisions happen in a global context and can have global impacts.

Points to Ponder from Human Geography: People, Place, and Culture 10th Edition
-    Hindus believe cows are holy. In India, evidence of that can be seen everywhere from cows roaming the streets to the menu at McDonalds, which serves Maharaja Macs and Vegetable Burgers with Cheese.
-    The South-North Water Transfer Project will cost $60 billion and divert water from southern to northern China along three different routes.
-    Many Hawaiians hang their state flag upside down to let the State government and the country know that they have not forgotten the annexation by the United States of their kingdom.
-    In 2009 and 2010, Las Vegas has been rated first or second in the number of home and rental vacancies in the United States.
-    The worldΓÇÖs first bridge made entirely of cast iron was constructed in the late eighteenth century near Coalbrookdale, England.
-    Russia is the worldΓÇÖs top oil producing country, producing 10.12 million barrels of oil per day.
-    Factory workers in Humen, China, who typically work seven days a week, with breaks only on Sunday evenings and one day at the start of each month, earn the equivalent of close to $500/month.
-    Kilauea, located in the Hawaiian Islands, is one of EarthΓÇÖs most active volcanoes, having been erupting almost continuously since 1983.
-    As a form of alternative energy, the wind park near Lake Benton, Minnesota was developed starting in 1994. The park now includes over 600 wind turbines.
-    In per capita emissions of carbon dioxide, the United States, Canada, and the United Arab Emirates are the highest in the world.
-    Shanghai, China now has the longest metro system on Earth- a system capable of transporting 5 million people a day.
-    Chinese is spoken by 1,213 million people, while English is spoken by 341 million. However, the English language makes up 68% of all internet content. Chinese makes up only 4% of global internet content.
-    The Tomb of the Chinese Emperor Qin Xi Huang is guarded by more than 7,000 terracotta warriors. An estimated 700,000 laborers worked for over 40 years to craft them around 200 BCE.