 http://imgload.me/img-50eeb8ac6337b.html 

Year: 1987
Country: USA
Genre: Classic
Duration: 1:27:59
Directed by: Stuart Canterbury
Studio: Scandinavian Erotic Video Productions


Cast:

Actresses:

Angel Kelly
Elle Rio
Jeanna Fine
Keisha
Nina Hartley
Patti Petite

Actors:

Billy Dee
Paul Thomas
Ron Jeremy
Tom Byron


Description:

Tom Byron and Ron Jeremy think they're Redford and Newman in The Sting. They cheat Paul Thomas out of a bundle of hard, cold cash during a card / sex game, using the incredible Elle Rio as their pawn. To celebrate, these two lowlifes decide to pick up a couple of white chicks at the local spa and get caught. . . Cheating. . . By wives Nina Hartley and Jeanna Fine.

So the girls throw the guys out in the tradition of the best Flintstones episode and eventually lure them back using pool table sex. . . not in the tradition of the best Flintstones episode. (For the record, Ron Jeremy would play Fred and Tom Byron would play Barney.) Then everybody lusts happily ever after, trying to create heat in a tape-ending four-way.

Before we see SEVP's traditional bloopers at the end, director Stuart Canterbury crams a lot of sex into one compact feature. The promising story begins to take a nosedive as the demand for eroticism is met. The highlight, I think, involves Nina Hartley in a luscious lesbo number with buxom Keisha, after Nina catches Jeremy with her oversized melonloaves. And there's some great underwater videography as Jeremy steals Keisha's bathing suit bottoms.

In addition, Billy Dee with Angel Kelly and Nina; Byron with petite Patti Petite and Rio's indescribable gobbling of both Byron and Thomas highlight this erotically entertaining video. The camerawork, editing, sound reproduction and video quality all live up to today's standards in a sexvid that even my jaded self can recommend.


Scene Breakdowns:

Scene 1. Keisha
Scene 2. Elle Rio, Paul Thomas, Tom Byron
Scene 3. Keisha, Nina Hartley
Scene 4. Jeanna Fine, Patti Petite, Tom Byron
Scene 5. Angel Kelly, Nina Hartley, Billy Dee
Scene 6. Jeanna Fine, Nina Hartley, Ron Jeremy, Tom Byron


Video Quality: VHSRip
Video format: AVI
Video: Xvid 560x416 29.97fps 1617kbps
Audio: MP3 48000Hz stereo 128kbps