GWR King updated for Train Simulator 2013

The GWR King is a classic from the golden age of British steam, and you can drive this fabulous steam locomotive in Train Simulator. 

The GWR 6000 Class was the largest production locomotive used by the Great Western Railway, and was referred to as the King Class following the naming of the first example after the then-monarch, King George V, in 1927. King George V went on to gain further fame when it visited the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in the United States in 1927 to participate in the railroadΓÇÖs centenary celebrations, and was presented with a commemorative silver bell. Designed to be the most powerful British passenger locomotives of their day, the Kings could produce superb performances when driven by an experienced crew, and it was not unknown for a King to haul an 800-ton train at over 70mph. The Kings 
hauled express passenger services (including the Cornish Riviera Limited) and continued in service under nationalisation until 1962, when they were replaced by diesel traction. 

Three GWR Kings currently survive in preservation, including the illustrious King George V. For Train Simulator, this impressive powerhouse has real presence on the rails and is highly detailed, even including a realistic glow from the firebox inside the cab and GWR chocolate & cream livery Centenary coaches. 

Includes:
GWR Class 6000 King locomotive in Great Western livery with full Train Simulator 2012 functionality and firebox glow. The King loco is dynamically named, with all 30 Kings available for placing in scenarios via the Scenario Editor. See the manual for full instructions. 

Appropriate GWR coaches: Centenary Brake Third Class Carriage, Centenary Third Class Carriage, Centenary Composite Carriage, Centenary Brake Composite Carriage, Centenary First Class, Restaurant Car, Centenary Third Class Dining Saloon 

2 scenarios for the Great Western Main Line (Oxford-Paddington). 


Please support the developers and buy some of their content if you can afford it.


For questions, support and requests join here:  
http://www.railworkscentral.com

email for support:
teamtpb4ever@gmail.com

A Team tpb_4_ever upload.
