The Musical Instrument Desk Reference: A Guide to How Band and Orchestral Instruments Work 
by Michael Pagliaro
Scarecrow Press | August 2012 | ISBN-10: 0810882701 | ePUB/PDF | 25.8/11 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Musical-Instrument-Desk-Reference/dp/0810882701

In The Musical Instrument Desk Reference, Michael Pagliaro, musical instrument authority extraordinaire, provides the one-stop shop for those in need of a quick, visually-rich reference guide to band and orchestral instruments. Descriptions and illustrations of everything from the physics of sound to detailed discussions of each orchestra and band instrument make this work the ideal desktop reference tool for the working musician. Through its Quick Start and In Depth features, readers can quickly decide how deeply they want to delve into the instrument at hand. Following a contemporary format designed to facilitate what any musician or music instructor needs to know, The Musical Instrument Desk Reference eliminates the need to leaf through multiple method books or trawl through websites to find information.
The Musical Instrument Desk Reference includes general information on fingering, the anatomy of musical instruments, sound production, amplification, and control, as well as the science of sound. Readers will find individual chapters on woodwinds, brass instruments, non-fretted string instruments, and percussion instruments. In each category, Pagliaro delves deeper, describing for woodwinds such things as tuning, key systems, fingerings, sound production, tone holes, assembly, materials, embouchures, and reed use; for brass instruments such matters as valve systems, fingering patterns, French horn types, mouthpiece selection, and intonation; for non-fretted string instruments such issues as tuning and fingering, playing position, bowing technique, instrument parts, and materials; and for percussion instruments such elements as instrument types and their classifications, tuning procedures, and accessories.
The Musical Instrument Desk Reference is the perfect guide for anyone interested in or responsible for working with varieties of instruments and their players. Teachers, students, teachers in training, music instructors, instrument technicians, and musicians can quickly locate any specific detail related to any band or orchestral instrument.

About the Author
Michael Pagliaro was professor of instrumental music and musical instrument technology at Marymount College/Concordia College. He is Founder and CEO Emeritus in Counsel of Ardsley Musical Instrument Service, Ltd., and Director of Research and Development for Contemporary Music Laboratories. Holder of a doctorate in musical instrument technology, Dr. Pagliaro is author of Everything You Should Know about Musical Instruments (Columbia Pacific University Press, 1992); The Violin: How It Works (Ardsley Press, 2002), The Flute: How It Works (Ardsley Press, 2003); and The Violin Workbook (Ardsley Press, 2004).