Shri Swaminarayan Charitra II - Xvid 1cd - Ghanshyam and the Miracles of Life [DDR]

BHAGWAN SWAMINARAYAN (1781-1830 CE)
Bhagwan Swaminarayan was one of the principal torchbearers of Hinduism in 18th century Gujarat. Born on April 2, 1781, in the small village of Chhapaiya in northern India, He displayed divine powers from childhood. By the age of 10, He had mastered the Hindu scriptures. At the age of 11, He renounced His home to embark on a 7 year journey on foot, across the length and breadth of India. By the age of 14, He mastered ashtang-yoga. Eventually, settling in Gujarat at the age of 18, He spent the remaining three decades of His life transforming the lives of countless people. He ushered in a moral and spiritual renaissance in Gujarat. Bhagwan Swaminarayan and His sadhus campaigned against and abolished the customs of widow burning, female infanticide and many other vices in society. In the Shikshapatri, He prescribed a moral code of conduct for His disciples, and through the Vachanamrut enlightened them with the essence of scriptural knowledge. Having redeemed humanity till 1830, Bhagwan Swaminarayan promised to remain ever-present on earth through a succession of God-realized gurus.
Today, His Divine Holiness Pramukh Swami Maharaj, the fifth spiritual successor, is faithfully promoting the spiritual tradition of Bhagwan Swaminarayan.

“Ghanshyam and the Storm of Evil” is the first part in a series of animations on Bhagwan Swaminarayan’s life and work. Presented on a DVD, it contains the option of English or Hindi dialogs, with a total running time of approximately 60 minutes, 30 seconds.

SYNOPSIS:- Shree Swaminarayan Charitra II .. Ghanashyam and the Miracles of Life
This is the second part of the animation film series on the life of Bhagwan Swaminarayan. We visit the young child Ghanshyam in Chhpiya, where he is playing with his friends Madhav, Veni and Prag. We see how fish magically come to life when Ghanshyam takes pity on those caught in the fisherman’s net. The fisherman gets the fright of his life and promises to give up violence. Dharmadev sends Ghanshyam to tend the fields, where he miraculously sends the sparrows into a trance. Ghanshyam and his friends pick some delicious mangoes from the orchard and also teach greedy Ramdutt a lesson when he tries to take the mangoes away. But Ghanshyam’s gaze is towards the West where devotees await his arrival. His miracles have inspired everyone in the village of Chhapiya, and he now moves to Ayodhya where his life itself will also be a source of inspiration for all.

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1352 kbps
Video Resolution: 720x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.500:1
Frames Per Second: 23.976
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 448kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams:  6
Audio Languages: Hindi and English
RunTime  43:08.941
Subtitles: NONE
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]
Duration: 43:08.941 