#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-06-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Aingeal Rose O'Grady, Whitley Strieber

In the first half, authority on the Akashic records, Aingeal Rose O'Grady, 

discussed her remarkable ability to access these records which are 

reported to contain all knowledge of human experience and the history of 

the cosmos. "I find it interesting that there is this intelligence that 

does record every minute," every little detail of life, she said. Further, 

each person has their own 'library book,' as it's called, as well as a 

'database' which is the record of all the lifetimes a person has led, and 

their track record for successes and failures during them, she explained. 

She views the records as spiritual in nature, though some have said there 

are "holographic crystal discs" that hold this information.

When a person dies, they have a life review in which they see and 

experience their affect on others, which helps their spirit achieve 

mastery, she said. According to the information she received from "source" 

(i.e. the Akashic records), Earth was originally a paradise planet, but 

experienced a fall and moved into denser and denser vibrations. Many of 

the early spirit beings came here a mission to get the planet back on 

track, and a lot of them are reincarnated now in this lifetime, she 

reported. Our old world is dying as a new energy is in the process of 

manifesting on Earth, but we have to go through a kind of birth canal to 

get there, which causes a lot of unresolved issues to surface, she pointed 

out.

-------------------------------------------------

In the latter half, author Whitley Strieber talked about a high level of 

recent UFO activity, as well as the potential danger from solar flares. In 

his new ebook, Solar Flares, he explores what could happen to our society 

if we were suddenly knocked off the grid by a powerful solar storm. 

Incidents back in 1923 and 1859 would have knocked out our power grids, he 

noted. Yet it's not so much that our sun has changed in recent years, it's 

that we have, as a society, become so highly dependent on electricity and 

our devices, that a major grid collapse could have catastrophic 

consequences, he commented. While Europe and Canada have made some efforts 

to protect their grids, the United States has yet to pass legislation to 

mandate this.

Strieber discussed a curious geologic feature in North America dating back 

15,000 years called the Black Mat, a layer of material composed of ash and 

plankton skeletons. "Something happened that set this continent on 

fire...melted the glaciers...and was followed by a flood that stretched 

all the way from Colorado to the Atlantic Ocean," he said, pondering 

whether this kind of extinction event was related to solar flares or 

plasma hitting the planet. He also spoke about, how since the middle of 

2011, there have been waves of not only UFO sightings, but high 

strangeness events like unexplained sounds and booms heard in multiple 

locations. He shared details of an anomalous aerial object photographed in 

Washington DC, as well as UFO incidents in South Texas.

News segment guests: Stan Deyo, Catherine Austin Fitts
Website(s):

    aingealrose.com
    unknowncountry.com

Book(s):

    A Time of Change
    Solar Flares: What You Need to Know
    The Key
    The Secret of Orenda

