
                           S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                           .the leading force.

                            proudly presents
               Trails Evolution Gold Edition (c) Ubisoft


   18-03-2013......Release Date  Protection...........Ubisoft DRM
   Action.............Game Type  Disk(s)....................1 DVD


   RELEASE NOTES


Trials is coming home.

Trials Evolution: Gold Edition marks the triumphant return of Trials to
the PC gaming platform.

As RedLynx's signature franchise, Trials made its mark in gaming with
the 2008 release of Trials 2 Second Edition on PC. Its breakout indie
success led to further success on the console and ever since then, PC
gamers have been clamoring for more Trials.

Trials Evolution: Gold Edition is what they've been waiting for

The Gold Edition is two Trials in one.

Trials Evolution: Gold Edition contains all of the content from the
original, best-selling Trials Evolution.

In addition, all single-player tracks and skill games from Trials HD
are found in Trials Evolution: Gold Edition - effectively doubling the
content offered with two complete games, neither of which has ever been
available on PC.

Optimized and enhanced for PC.

Trials Evolution: Gold Edition is enhanced for the PC gaming platform.
All of the features of its forerunner   from in-game editor, sharing of
tracks, and global leaderboard   are integrated in a way that fits the
new platform.

Features:

Multiplayer

Track editor

Indoor and outdoor environments

Bike and rider customization

Global competition


   INSTALL NOTES


1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Run exe from UPDATE folder on the DVD
5. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
   install folder and overwrite
6. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
   secure/trusted in your antivirus program
7. Let our Uplay emulator start - when it launches, press play!
7. Play the game
8. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


   GREETINGS


To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!


                                ascii art by the
                               godlike & terrific duo
                                   malodix + irokos
                                    titan artdivision
[/pre]