The Waverly Hills Sanatorium Audio Experience

The Waverly Hills Sanatorium is a real building in Louisville Kentucky, and one of the most haunted places in the United States. It has been featured on "The World's Scariest Places," "MTV's Fear," and was the location used to film the horror film "The Death Tunnel. Recently, it was the subject for two shows on the Sci-Fi Channel - "Spooked: The Ghosts of Waverly Hills Sanatorium," and "TAPS - GHOST HUNTERS!" The Waverly Hills Sanatorium was a place for people to go to die. It housed thousands of patients who were diagnosed with TB, and were sent there "by law" to live at Waverly until they were cured, or perished. Because there was no cure, many of them indeed died there, and at peak operation there was one death an hour. It now stands to reason that this facility would be a prime location for hauntings, considering that that much suffering and death occurred. Even two nurses committed suicide in that building. It took over three years to create this audio CD, with ghost stories and paranormal activity caught on our audio equipment - mastered, and ready for listeners to experience. This CD was compiled to bring listeners an old time treat, to play this CD by the speakers in the dark, and listening to the many ghost stories that haunt the building to this very day. The CD is even hosted by a dearly departed resident of Waverly, who acts as your caretaker on your audio tour. Points of interest on "The Waverly Hills Sanatorium Audio Experience": The original 2002 broadcast contains a EVP (Electronic Voice Phenomena) which when played at normal speed sounds like five tones in a row, forming a melody. When those tones are slowed down, it becomes a woman's voice saying "your not supposed to be here." This famous EVP captured during this broadcast was featured on Fox News, and is mentioned on the ghost tour at Waverly. The best way to listen to this CD is with the lights off, and the speakers up. Make sure you have some friends with you, because some of the things you will hear are incredibly frightening. While everything that happened to us on the broadcast was 100% REAL, and nothing was pre-planned or faked, we can still not confirm or deny that "something" exists beyond death. We do want to stress that Waverly, if anything, is the closest proof we have been provided to make us believe there is more in the "afterlife" than we presently understand. Jessica Shoffner, one of our audio crew members grew very sick almost instantly in the Solarium, and had to sit on the floor for several minutes to regain her composure. She was sweating, very warm, and complained of being physically ill without warning. Our crew not only experienced sudden onsets of sickness, but our video cameras began functioning wildly, with flashing lights and draining batteries. Our audio equipment stopped, then started, and it took us a few attempts to get back on track with the rest of the tour. At one point of our visit, bare footprints appeared on the cement, which caused us to go and investigate, and doors slammed and banged as we tried to get Jessica some air and continue conducting our investigation. The entire setting for the evening was one twisted turn of events after another, which can all be heard on "The Waverly Hills Sanatorium Audio Experience." Early in the tour, we quickly began to realize that we had much more in store for us than we bargained for - and we were right. Later in the tour we would witness a wispy figure dart across a door across the way from us on the fifth floor, and then witness "shadow people" crossing from one door to another breaking the natural light flowing in from the night sky outdoors. Our biggest, and possibly the most horrifying event was not the shadow people we were watching, but the dark ominous figure that was standing behind us, seeming to get closer. The air grew silent and still - and the temperature of the room grew WARM. Keith Age from the Louisville Ghost Hunters Society quickly asked us to step back, because he said that this was typical right before "violent activity" occurred. While everyone investigated the area safely, there were no physical attacks - however doors continued to close on their own, and in one case even unlock. All of these events are captured on "The Waverly Hills Sanatorium Audio Experience," and we urge you to get a copy and experience it for yourself. There were definitely things we could not explain, and for the record - the large dark "shadowy" figure that stood behind us haunts my mind as we write this now. I never EVER want to see anything similar to that in my lifetime. I do hope you enjoy this 80 minute CD, as our crew has worked hard and "suffered" a lot to bring them to you. Happy Hauntings! ~ Jake A. Wheat (Station Manager)

1 Meet Your Caretaker 6:46			
2 Visit the Solarium 7:05			
3 Hang out on the Fifth Floor 10:16			
4 Where the Shadow People Roam 13:24			
5 Nowhere to Run: The Third Floor 6:57			
6 Cooking in the Cafeteria 7:29			
7 Keep the Door Shut: The Surgery Room 12:45			
8 Something in the Morgue 4:33			
9 Down the Tunnel: A Supernatural Sonnet 5:52			
10 Mysterious Evp: A Voice from Beyond 3:59