#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-22-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Open Lines, Lee Speigel

George Noory welcomed Huffington Post writer Lee Speigel for a discussion on Bigfoot, UFOs, alien implants, and other unexplained phenomena. Speigel commented on Dr. Melba Ketchum's five-year study of purported Bigfoot DNA. Specimens of alleged Sasquatch blood, hair and other tissues were analyzed and findings that seemed to confirm the reality of Bigfoot were published in the DeNovo Journal of Science, he reported. Further digging revealed that Ketchum could find no peer-reviewed journal to look at her research so she acquired the rights to the DeNovo Journal and essentially self-published, Speigel added. Ketchum claims that other scientists are currently looking at her Bigfoot material, he noted. More on this story can be found here.

Speigel shared his credibility factor checklist, which he uses to overcome unjustified ridicule of paranormal topics, such as UFOs, by skeptics and debunkers. He described a UFO encounter related to him by the late astronaut Gordon Cooper. According to reports, a saucer-shaped craft had landed on the dry lake bed at Edwards Air Force Base during Cooper's time there and he asked a film crew to capture it, Speigel explained. The footage, which apparently shows the UFO lift off, retract its tripod landing gear and take off into the sky, was shown to Cooper then sent to Washington and never seen again, he said. Speigel recalled when Cooper told him about chasing groups of circular UFOs over his base in Germany. He also briefly mentioned astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell's contention that certain high level sources confirmed the existence of UFOs.

Speigel spoke about the work of Dr. Roger Leir, a specialist in the removal of foreign or 'alien' implants from people. Chemistry analysis has shown that a membrane forms around these mysterious objects making them difficult to cut through with a scalpel, he revealed. One of Leir's associates has detected radio frequencies being emitted from the implants, he continued, wondering if humans are being tagged and for what reason. Speigel suggested that these implants could be a form of sophisticated nanotechnology, pointing to physicist Robert Koontz who believes an advanced civilization created them. He covered other unusual topics, including Grant Cameron's research on UFOs and U.S. Presidents, as well as took listener calls in the second and third hours.

The final hour featured Open Lines with a special line devoted to callers who have experienced rage.

News segment guests: Peter Davenport / Stan Deyo
Website(s):

    huffingtonpost.com/lee-speigel

