I should be most surprised if today's Dialogos fails to elicit some laughter for I found the experimental piece to be very funny indeed. Ülo Pikkov wittily casts an anarchic eye on otherwise everyday occurrences in a quick-fire series of visual gags. The Associate Professor in the Animation Department at the Estonian Academy of the Arts must be a gas in the lecture room. The figures are drawn directly on to print film, resulting in a roughly hewn style that is entirely appropriate for a film that lambasts modern life.
 Ian Lumsden



Me encanta entremezclar nombres, buscar relaciones, diálogos entre autores. Así puedo decir que tal cosa es una mezcla de A, Zeta y B2. Suelen mirarme con cara de sos un pelotudo, pero me importa un carajo, sigo viendo la relación.
Acá no es solo que encuentro la locura de Maximov, la forma de hacer humor extremo de Plympton, el trazo de Driessen, sino que estaba seguro encontrar al final (tras el primer minuto no pude dejar de pensar en él) un agradecimiento a Max Cachimba. Pero no.


Ülo (b. 1976) studied animation at Turku Arts Academy in Finland and since 1996 has directed several award-winning short animation films in Eesti Joonisfilm and Nukufilm studios. His articles, caricatures and illustrations have been published in the Estonian press. In 2005 he graduated from the Institute of Law in University of Tartu, focusing on the media and author’s rights. Since then, he has worked as a manager and producer for documentary and animation films in Silmviburlane. 

In parallel with producer’s work Ülo has continued directing his own animation films and supporting new talents in the Estonian animation scene. Together with Priit Pärn he is the founder and associate professor of the Animation Department in the Estonian Academy of Arts. Recently he started PhD studies in Art and Design at the same institution. He is the author of Animasophy. Theoretical Writings on the Animated Film (2010).

For several years Ülo was also the legal expert for the Estonian Film Foundation and chairman of Audiovisual Arts board at the Estonian Cultural Endowment. His secret passion is writing and illustrating children books. 

Video:
640 x 360
H.264/MPEG-4 AVC
758bks
Audio:
mp4a: MPEG-4 AAC LC
44100Hz  110 kb/s tot , stereo (2/0) 

Silent movie, no subtitle need