MecSoft Alibre CAM 3 Pro

Alibre CAM 3 is a Computer Aided Manufacturing(CAM) plug-in that runs completely inside of Alibre Design 2012 CAD software. Alibre CAM merges the power of Alibre Design's parametric modeling with the legendary machining capabilities of MecSoft's flagship CAM Software, VisualMILL. Alibre CAM 3 runs seamlessly within the Alibre Design 2012 user interface, giving you only one interface to learn. Toolpaths are automatically updated when your model changes, saving you even more valuable time. Alibre CAM is fully associative to any geometry changes within Alibre Design. Alibre CAM includes 2-1/2, 3, and 4 axis continuous milling and hole making operations. It comes with hundreds of post-processors and additionally a post-processor generator to create user definable post-processors.

Easy to Use
Alibre CAM is fully integrated within Alibre Design, offering an intuitive combined user interface for CAD and CAM and fully associative toolpath generation. Compared to a stand-alone CAM system, Alibre CAM will save you countless hours by automatically updating toolpaths when your model changes in Alibre Design. Being fully integrated means you only have one interface to learn, saving valuable time.

Affordable
This is the key differentiator between AlibreCAM and other products. The price of the Alibre/Alibre CAM combination product is one of the most affordable full fledged CAD/CAM system in the market today. Use any criteria that measures affordability: Cost of Purchase, Cost of Ownership, Return on Investment, and you will find that the Alibre/Alibre CAM is the hands down leader in affordability in the CAD/CAM software market today.

Supported Os:

Alibre CAM works in Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7. 
Both 32 bit and 64 bit configurations are supported.

Alibre CAM 3 runs on Alibre Design 2012 only. Alibre CAM 3 is not supported on Alibre Design 2011. 
It works under all of the different configurations of both 32 bit and 64 bit Alibre Design 2012 products.
Alibre CAM will operate only in the Part mode and not in the Drawing or Assembly mode of Alibre Design.

Homepage: http://www.alibrecam.mecsoft.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.