ArcSoft Link+ 3

Stunning Player for Stream-sharing Media Resource

Stream media between PC, iPad, iPhone
Sync media from PC, iPad, iPhone to HDTV
Share and play numerous media sources instantly and smoothly
Able to view and play back media anytime, anywhere
Ensure security with password protection
Support Windows 8

Features:

Stream in real-time
Stream high-definition videos, photos, and music throughout your home network, in real-time. With ArcSoft Link+ 3, you can easily locate all devices and access shared content in your UPnP-compatible home network. Now you can watch a video stored on a laptop on your HDTV, browse through shared photos, and listen to music or your iTunes┬« files from any PC or iPad* anywhere in the house.

Download content from any device
It's easy to download shared music, videos, and photos in your home network. Want to save a few songs stored on your laptop to your local hard drive? Simply select the laptop that contains the music files, choose the songs and click the download icon, and drag-and-drop them into the panel. There's no complicated download process or need for a USB drive and your songs are safe and secure.

Play media directly to HDTV
There's no better way to watch your media files on your PC, Network Attached Storage (NAS) device and iPad than on the big screen. Simply select the media files to share in your UPnP compatible home network and stream to your HDTV.

Fast file conversion and video playback with AMD 2nd Gen APU
Using AMD's 2nd Gen APU, ArcSoft Link+ 3 quickly converts media formats to the appropriate formats for playing back on various devices; all seamlessly and with low CPU usage. Leveraging AMD HD Media Accelerator, video playback is cleaner and smoother while keeping the computing power low, to give you a more pleasant viewing experience.

Clean UI for managing content
ArcSoft Link+ 3 automatically manages your media into pre-defined folders. Browse through shared music by album, artist, and song. Videos are organized by title and date. View photos by year. Create playlists for all three media types, using the playback controls. Still can't find what you're looking for? Type the name of the file in the Search box.

Customize playback
Customize video playback on your AMD Fusion PC to play high definition video quality by enabling ArcSoft's SimHD technology during transcoding. In addition, our Steady Video feature is automatically enabled, giving you a smoother video playback.

Password protect shared files
Don't forget to password protect your shared files from curious children or other computer's in your home network by setting up a secure password

Supports popular formats
All popular formats are supported for photos, videos, and music files. Open images with JPEG, BMP, PNG, and Tiff formats; play videos using WMV, MPEG, AVI, MP4, and MOV formats; and play various audio files that include WMA, MP3, AAC, WAVE, and MPEG-1.

Supported OS: 

Windows 7 and Windows 8

Homepage: http://www.arcsoft.com/linkplus/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given email and name.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.