Artist: Kelli Ali
Release: Butterfly
Discogs: 2146438
Released: 2009-04-01
Label: Kelli Ali
Catalog#: KABA001CD
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: UK
Style: Folk, World, & Country, Folk

Tracklisting:

01. Butterfly
02. Throw It To The Dogs
03. One Day At A Time
04. Willow's Song
05. Wings In Motion
06. Rocking Horse
07. Urique
08. September Sky
09. A Storm In A Teacup
10. Before The Kiss


She may still be best known for her time as lead vocalist for Sneaker Pimps in the mid-’90s but Kelli Ali has charted a fascinating solo career since then, one that took an unexpected turn last year when she veered away from the electro-pop style of her first two solo albums and embarked on a medieval folk-inflected acoustic affair. Produced by Vashti Bunyan resurrectionist Max Richter, the ethereal, almost psychedelic feel of Rocking Horse was largely the product of Ali’s travels through the deserts and landscapes of Mexico and California, and was largely well received by the critics. Her new release Butterfly is a strange little creature; part tour album and part remix vehicle, it makes an interesting companion to Rocking Horse.

Taking its cue from the title, the idea of metamorphosis is key with an array of songs old, new and never before released enjoying space to flutter their wings, so to speak. The album’s artwork, created by Kelli and her producer Metso, also reflects this theme with a colourful Rorschach ink blot-inspired butterfly gracing the cover. Even the band has evolved. While the instrumental duties on Rocking Horse fell to guitarist Marc Pilley and the classically trained Richter, as well as Ali herself, for Butterfly she put together a new and talented group of musicians to provide a richer bed of instrumentation. With Peter Shoulder on guitar, Jane South on flute, Alex Beaumont on cello and Stef Pilcher on violin, the arrangements are flawless and played with delicate finesse. Ali’s eerie vocals are fortified brilliantly by the high-calibre musicianship, perfectly framing her dream-like narratives.

Songs worthy of a special mention include ‘Wings In Motion’, an updated version of a song from her solo debut Tigermouth, and the all-new title track which opens the album, gliding along with a sweet sense of melancholy that proves to be a continuing motif throughout the album. Also featured is a cover of ‘Willow’s Song’ from the 1973 cult horror classic, ‘The Wicker Man’. The distinct lack of Britt Ekland writhing in a naked, wall-banging frenzy aside, Ali steers the song with subtle passion, imbuing the lyrics with a spacey sensuality that’s more than suited to the context of the song.

Taking further inspiration from traditional folk and its more psychedelic cousin, the songs of Butterfly revel in Ali’s revival of archaic branches and conventions. But it’s her wavering birdsong pitch that adds a distinctive individuality and the overall effect is a curious one, a note of constrained surrealism resonating throughout the Pre-Raphaelite-evoking romantic beauty of her songs. Needless to say, if you enjoyed Rocking Horse this is a must.