The Beatles - Ticket to Ride [Help! soundtrack promo].VOB


Very HQ rare promo music video from the  Help!  film soundtrack. "Ticket to Ride" is a song by the Beatles from their 1965 album, Help!, and the soundtrack from their film of the same name. It was recorded 15 February 1965 and released two months later. In 2004, this song was ranked number 394 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". 

The song was written primarily by John Lennon (credited to LennonΓÇôMcCartney), with Paul McCartney's contributions in dispute. Lennon said that McCartney's contribution was limited to "the way Ringo played the drums". McCartney said that was an incomplete description, and that "we sat down and wrote it together... give him 60 percent of it... we sat down together and worked on that for a full three-hour songwriting session." This song was also the first song by the band in which McCartney was featured on lead guitar. 

The song features a coda with a different tempo that extends the song's length past three minutes, the first Beatles single ever to do so. Lennon said this double-time section (with the lyric "My baby don't care") was one of his "favourite bits" in the song. 

While the song lyrics describe a girl "riding out of the life of the narrator", the inspiration of the title phrase is unclear. McCartney said it was "a British Railways ticket to the town of Ryde on the Isle of Wight", and Lennon said it described cards indicating a clean bill of health carried by Hamburg prostitutes in the 1960s. The Beatles played in Hamburg early in their musical career, and "ride/riding" was slang for having sex. 

The song was the third of six number one singles in a row on the American charts, a record at the time, along with "I Feel Fine", "Eight Days a Week", "Help!", "Yesterday", and "We Can Work It Out". 

The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960. They became the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed act in the history of popular music. The group's best-known lineup consisted of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr. Rooted in skiffle and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later utilized several genres, ranging from pop ballads to psychedelic rock, often incorporating classical and other elements in innovative ways. In the early 1960s, their enormous popularity first emerged as "Beatlemania", but as their songwriting grew in sophistication, they came to be perceived by many fans and cultural observers as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the era's sociocultural revolutions. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ticket_to_Ride 
      
http://bayimg.com/faKapAaeA 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (16:9) 29.97fps 8286kbps
   Audio: LPCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:11




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	