Terrarium Craft: Create 50 Magical, Miniature Worlds 
by Amy Bryant Aiello, Kate Bryant and Kate Baldwin
Timber Press | May 2011 | ISBN-10: 1604692340 | PDF | 196 pages | 90.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Terrarium-Craft-Create-Magical-Miniature/dp/1604692340

A terrarium is nothing less than a miniature world — one that you can create yourself. It might be a tiny rainforest, with lush foliage and bright tropical flowers. Or a desert, with strange succulents planted among colorful stones. Or a Victorian fernery. Or a minimalist composition with a single, perfect plant.
Or it might not contain any plants at all. It might be made with crystals, feathers, bones, seashells, bits of wood, porcelain trinkets — anything that catches your fancy and helps create a mood or look. Whatever they contain, terrariums are the ultimate in modern, affordable, easy-care décor.
Terrarium Craft features fifty original designs that you can re-create or use as inspiration for your own design. Each entry comes with clear step-by-step directions on how to assemble and care for your terrarium. You’ll also find helpful information about selecting a container, using appropriate materials, choosing the right plants, and maintaining your terrarium. (Hint: It’s easy! In fact, many terrariums are self-sustaining, requiring no maintenance whatsoever!)
If you’ve always wanted to have a bit of nature in your own home, without the worry and labor of a garden, this book will show you exactly how to create your own unique, enchanting world. aste and style.

About the Authors
Amy Bryant Aiello spent her early childhood wandering around the forests and wetlands of Minnesota's Woodlake Nature Center, where her dad worked as a naturalist. Inspired by lessons gleaned in plants, animals, and the natural world, as well as the artists of her mother's family, Amy went on to study photography and installation art at the Pacific Northwest College of Art.Amy and her husband are the owners of Artemisia, a popular Portland, Oregon, boutique specializing in terrariums, indoor gardens, and fine art. Amy's terrariums are one-of-a-kind botanical worlds that are created with a palette of living plants, natural materials, and personal objects.
Kate Bryant lives and gardens in Portland, Oregon. She has contributed to gardening books, newspapers, and magazines including Portland Monthly, where her column, Dig, and gardening blog, Plantwise, appear.Kate Bryant blends her love of writing and gardening in her work, having contributed to gardening books including the two-volume Flora encyclopedia and newspapers such as The Oregonian. She has also contributed to lifestyle magazines such as Portland Monthly, in which her column and gardening blog, Plantwise, appear.Kate has worked in plant nurseries and volunteered for community garden projects, urban tree plantings, and local Master Gardener programs. She has also collected plants and gardened on several continents. Kate runs a garden design, maintenance, and consulting business focusing on sustainable landscapes, edibles, and container gardens in Portland, Oregon.