Sliders-11: Time Tan - tri - Ā - jha Doorways and the Silver Seed Temple Pods of Creation, Sa - MA - ya Water Command and Mirror in the Sky Activation Level-3 (Physical Body Adept Training). Filmed Live - August 12-14, 2011, Sarasota, FL.

This Sliders-11 workshop ushered in an unexpected and very interesting new development in the Kristic Mission – the Cos-MA-yah level Twin Contracts. It was also when Mirror in the Sky activation Level-2 (during the Saturday night beach activation) & Level-3 (during Monday morning Journey) occurred and when the Water Element Command Codes 2, 6 & 10 with their corresponding Disciplines were introduced (the Ma-jhi-Ta Dances or the Bender Dances).

The new information was quite complex so it was a real gift to have it spelled out clearly in a 5-page handout (and in the product handbook) titled DhA-ya-TEi Codes, Cos-MA-yic Contracts & Tan-Tric Shield Activation: Parts 1-7. Topics covered included the Adashic Halls of Records, the Adashic Archives (specific libraries within the Adashic Records on Sanctuary Island), the First Existence Birthing Contracts, the Faun-TE’-jha (Fauntic) and Tan-Tri-A’-jha (Tan-Tric) Twin contracts - both subdivisions of the Ma-Jhi-Ta Twin contracts, personal tantra (techniques that don’t require a partner) and the full DhA-Ya-TEi contracts (when incarnate Tan-Tric Twins get together and have an intimate relationship). All Ma-Jhi-Ta Twin Pairs are Elemental Command Consummate Twins and are born out of this first existence contract.

Discover a whole new world that is opening up to us: the Halls of Adasha and the Adashic Record. The Adashic Record is actually made up of Cos-MA-yah Flame vapour Eta-Ur Ether, non-substance field of Consciousness and permeates all things in the manifest Body of God Source. It carries a replica encryption of every thought you feel, every abuse of free will choice (including the Dha-na-Co-HarA distortions) and every Kristic probability. It is also where many of today’s psychics get their readings for people. It is described as a breathing vapour that permeates everything and is almost like a “back drop” of existence, expanding on the exhale (as occurs in space dust return) and contracting on the inhale (such as what occurs in the Krystar turn-around and Kristic ascension). Unlike the Reishaic Halls of Records (Akashic and Ecoushic), the Adashic Record isn’t confined to a centralized structure or space-time location. 