Version: 1.2
Size: 150 MB
Language: English
Requirements: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 4.3 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.




ARE YOU READY FOR REAL HIGH-SPEED ACTION IN MICRO SIZE? Then buckle up and put the pedal to the metal while playing Paper Racer. Gain access to new tracks and prizes with each triumph and test yourself against drivers from across the globe. Create your own car and import it into the game just by photographing it with your iPhone. Drift around tight curves and maneuver your way through the array of obstacles that await you in this one-of-a-kind rally simulation.

16 REALISTIC RACECOURSES & GAME CENTER SUPPORT
All racetracks are extremely detailed and varied in their design. WhatΓÇÖs more: they are absolutely teeming with obstacles that you must maneuver your way through, and thanks to a special physics engine they react realistically to collisions. Mastering the tracks is difficult, but thanks to the Game Center-supported system those who succeed in doing so can brag to their friends.

SEND AND SHARE YOUR SELF-CREATED CARS VIA FACEBOOR OR TWITTER
Draw your own car on a piece of paper and import it into the game just by taking a photo. No need to go through the bothersome process of cropping the picture, your iPhone will automatically isolate your car from the image. Send your best cars as barcodes viaand TWITTER. Your friends can import them with no hassle whatsoever, they just need to take picture of the barcode.

PHYSICS ENGINE
The gameΓÇÖs physics engine makes sure drivers can tear it up as they speed down the course. None of the lighter objects on the speedway are anchored to the track. You can send these objects flying just by making them acquainted with your hood and grill.

CHALLENGING AI
You can choose to race at one of three levels of difficulty, so thereΓÇÖs a challenge for players of every skill level. Just remember: you can only rack up the most sought-after achievements when racing at the most difficult level.

PARTICLE SYSTEM
The particle system ensures you can kick up all the dust you want no matter whether you are on or off the course. There is dirt and mud everywhere and you can bore right through it with your hotrod ΓÇô YEEHAW!