PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


End Times

Volume 36
Church in the End Times - Chuck Missler - NEW


He is coming for his Bride soon.



POtHS - End Times - 36 - Church in the End Times - Chuck Missler - NEW


POtHS Comment:    Chuck is The Best. This is good info.
Description

What are Christians called to do during these turbulent times? How can you make a difference in your family, among your friends, and within your community?

This follows the wonderful success of the “Weathering the Coming Storm” series where Dr. Chuck Missler and Ron Matsen dealt with global, national, and personal issues impacting all of our lives today. “Church in the End Times” serves as the NEXT STEP in equipping ourselves with the tools and insights we need to be a guiding light to a world coping in the Last Days darkness of chaos and deceit.

Join Dr. Chuck Missler as he explores this timely topic.
© Copyright 2013
This briefing pack contains 2 hours of teaching


Also:

Tribulation - Rapture - Signs of the End - The Last Day
L.A. Marzulli • Mark of the Beast • Coming Alien Deception • Personal Destiny • Restrainer
29 March 2013 Breaking News UFO Fallen Angels New World Order - end times news update 3-29-13
Obama plan for World War 3 - Best documentary film 2013


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  