All six parts from the second Extreme CFNM hardcore party featuring a few male strippers featured on the Party Hardcore site and a bunch of willing girls.

Each part is about 20 minutes in length and is in MPG format.

Screens:
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=60rg8nv6pgm964l7n2f4.jpg 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=97gjjf93b5zz0fg5s0od.jpg 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=7no8lrm1wggkfvd7wgpx.jpg 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=k9qs6mgcp5ozql0aym1b.jpg 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=e7zzhjjecpp60li3z88i.jpg 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qjkvrfzutwncqx9mvise.jpg

Description:

Hardcore Party 2-1 - Here we are back with another great party from Europe, you will see some familiar strippers and a few new ones. In the audience we have some beautiful looking girls, who are out for just two things, a fucking good night and free booze, our waitress supplies them all with as much good times as they can handle. These girls waste no time getting into the party mood, even at the early part of the night they are up for pretty much anything. The Strippers are now on stage and things kick off to a great start.

Hardcore Party 2-2 - It's all kicking off! the women are well lubricated from all that free good times, and eager to get some cock, or watch there friends fucking and sucking. The amateur girls are so exited they just cant get enough of all that rock hard cock. These girls don't hang around when they get a chance of some sex they take it. By this part of the evening things are looking good for an action packed party.

Hardcore Party 2-3 - Now the party is rocking, these sluts can't get enough, the strippers are having to work hard to satisfy these girls. Numb from all that free booze they suck as much dick as they can get, they need to make the most while they can! once all that cum has gone there is no more. The strippers bend a few of girls over for a good fucking, at the same time others watch the show and enjoy the activities.

Hardcore Party 2-4 - We now reach the halfway point of this party, things are going very well so far, no shortage of action. The women now totally wild and up for anything. At this point they are doing one of two things; either getting fucked or sitting watching everyone else fuck. The women are complete sluts having a great time, what more could they possibly want? If cock is not enough these women are soon messing with one another, girls licking girls Mm nothing like it.

Hardcore Party 2-5 - It's hard to believe that only a few hours before these women were just going to see a Male Strip show, not necessarily to be a part of it, now they are mostly naked and being fucked by various men and women. As they say in the (UK) " butter would not melt in her mouth" meaning you think pretty girls would not act in this manner! well guess what? these women are pretty and right up for anything. Legs open the cocks are going in from every direction, the girls watching seem to get right off on it too.

Hardcore Party 2-6 - This is the final update for Hardcore party #2 and what a journey this has been! This is the point of the show where the strippers shoot their loads all over those cock hungry sluts.

Some members of the audience have been handed a video camera to film the action this was something we thought we would try, and guess what? it works a treat; the amateur girls really get into it all the fucking and sucking, they even join in them selves.

All four of the "Hardcore Parties" have now been uploaded.

Enjoy!

