        The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Dragonborn (2013) [ENG] [DLC] [Steam-Rip]

Release year: 2013
Genre: RPG / 3D / 1st Person / 3rd Person
Developer: Bethesda Softworks
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
Platform: PC
Language: English
Sound language: English
Publication Type: Digital License [Steam-Rip]
The required version of the game: Upgrade to later version 1.8.151.0.7 (Update 11)!

System requirements:
   Operating system: Windows 7 SP1 / Windows Vista SP2 / Windows XP SP3
   Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo or AMD Athlon64x2 2,2 GHz or better
   RAM: 2 GB or more
   Video: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 260 or ATI Radeon HD 5770 or better
   Free space on hard drive: 3 GB

Description:
In the Dragonborn, a new addition to the official The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, you have to make a trip to the shores of Morrowind, to the island of Solstheim. You meet new towns, dungeons and quests, located in the ash wastes, and icy valleys Solstheim. Master the power of the new shouts, to break the will of your enemies, and even tame dragons. Your life and the fate of Solstheim are on the line, because you're up against a deadly enemy - the first dragonborn.
Examine the ground outside of Skyrim. Leave the northern province and go to the island of Solstheim. On the way to solving the mystery of Dragonborn, you will meet the dark elves who have settled in the city of Dragon Rock, and Skaal, indigenous inhabitants of the island.
Become the only dragonborn. Use the power of voices in the battle with the first dragonborn. Get new shouts and spells, including aspects of the Dragon Summons Dragon inner strength, reinforcing the power of your weapons and other cries.

Release Information:
Supplement uploaded 5 February 2013, and is fully consistent with the downloaded from Steam content licensed version of the game.
There is a fix to be installed on the Russian version of the game.

installation:
1. FaylTesV.Dragonborn.DLC.Setup run-RGOrigins.exe and specify the folder with a game
2. In the game launcher in the "Files" check Dragonborn.esm
3. If you install a Russian version of the game, then copy the contents of a folder in a folder RUSFIX with a game
4. play 