This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2008.


The Archies - Absolutely The Best Of The Archies (2001)

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 8 page booklet.)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

Most '60s bubblegum groups were faceless studio concoctions, made up of hired professionals and given nominal group identities after the fact. The Archies made no pretense of being a real band in the first place -- their music, including the smash hit "Sugar, Sugar," was "performed" by the animated TV cartoon characters spun off from Archie comics. In reality, of course, they were a studio concoction made up of hired professionals (most notably lead singer Ron Dante), but in this case, they weren't technically faceless.

The Archies were created by promoter Don Kirshner, who was coming off of a major success as the creator of the Monkees. ...

To read the entire bio: 
http://wc05.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:kpfixqq5ldke~T1

All Music Album Review:

Since nobody really remembers more than "Sugar, Sugar" from the Archies, it could be said that Varese's 16-track collection, Absolutely the Best, is more than most will need to hear from the Archies, but the fact of the matter is, if you're even considering purchasing an Archies collection, you'll be happy that there's this much material here. Furthermore, a lot of this is pretty damn good bubblegum, since much of it is written by Jeff Barry and Andy Kim, so it's well-crafted -- and what isn't well-crafted is at least enjoyably dated. True, you have to be well into bubblegum to enjoy this -- and, even then, there aren't any lost treasures -- but if you are, this is a fun spin.

Track List:

01. Everything's Archie (Archie's Theme)
02. Get On the Line
03. Bicycles, Roller Skates and You
04. Bang-Shang-A-Lang
05. Feelin' So Good (S.K.O.O.B.Y. - D.O.O.)
06. Truck Driver
07. Melody Hill
08. Who's Your Baby?
09. Sugar, Sugar
10. Who's Gonna Love Me?
11. Jingle Jangle
12. Inside-Out, Upside-Down
13. Sugar and Spice
14. Sunshine
15. This Is Love
16. Archie's Party

More album detail at: http://wc05.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:3zftxqq0ldde
