Babysit.My.Ass.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRip.x264-CHiKANi
Babysit.My.Ass.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRip.x264-CHiKANi

Zoey Monroe, James Deen, Tom Byron, Skin Diamond, Christian, Kurt Lockwood, Bailey Blue, Nikita Bellucci, Claire Robbins, Kimmy Olsen, Luna C Kitsuen.
Starring Zoey Monroe! All Anal!

When the chaos of director Joey Silveras creative filmmaking meets the single-minded perversion of porns current, young beauties, the result is pure gonzo satisfaction. Joeys latest deluxe double-disc release, Babysit My Ass, is about channeling these sweet, all-natural sluts boundless sexual energy into the proper channels namely passionate, nasty anal fucking. And Joeys got an exquisite, uninhibited cast of babes on board. Cute, cherubic, tattooed blonde Kimmy Olsen is drawn to older gentleman Tom Byron; she gets her plump butt reamed in a crazy session of rude buggery, vibrator orgasms and bizarre rectal toys!

Sassy Zoey Monroe treats Kurt Lockwoods fat cock to some slobbery deep-throat sucking and a ferocious butt-fuck. Two stylish salt-and-pepper supermodels, pale stunner Nikita Bellucci and Nubian nymph Skin Diamond, ram each others asshole with phallic objects in a filthy threesome with muscular perv Christian. Both girls savor his semen. Big-boobed and luscious, Luna C. Kitsuen gets manhandled by handsome James Deen in a rough, male-dominant scene of choking, face fucking and anal insertions. After invading her sweet ass and pumping his shaft between Lunas soft jugs, he splatters the adorable bitch with his seed!

Finally, sexy brat Bailey Blue and auburn-haired princess Claire Robbins share one big, throbbing, lucky cock; they accent their fun with buzzing vibrators, butt plugs and ass-to-mouth cocksucking. The directors even included 46 minutes of intimate interviews and dressing room action. Stuck at home? Stay up all night with Babysit My Ass!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=3tmsu6elp1ry7u12hc4n.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=m6a1wc32mnqnatl9wxoe.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=hq15dwhevjwp9ah1gkfi.jpg