Here's a torrent for all you who need to better yourself and make some extra cash. The most current edition of Mike Meyer's VERY comprehensive CompTIA A+ study guide. I grabbed this off of some lame filelocker site that I had to excavate from the depths of Google.

Now, do any other up-and-coming info liberation-friendly and/or low income PC techs the same favor I've done you and SEED!! Also, if anyone has the 5th edition of his Network+ book, would you kindly drop a link in the comments?

Now, seed 'til it hurts because INFORMATION SHOULD BE FREE.




From Amazon:

Publication Date: August 1, 2012 | ISBN-10: 007179512X | ISBN-13: 978-0071795128 | Edition: 8
The bestselling CompTIA A+ reference and test preparation guide--fully revised for the new 2012 exam topics

Written by the leading authority on CompTIA A+ certification and training, the new edition of this trusted resource offers complete, up-to-date coverage of CompTIA A+ exams 220-801 and 220-802. YouΓÇÖll find learning objectives at the beginning of each chapter, exam tips, practice exam questions, and in-depth explanations. Prepare for the exams with confidence! McGraw-Hill is a Gold-Level CompTIA Authorized Partner offering Authorized CompTIA Approved Quality Content to give you the competitive edge on exam day. This comprehensive guide also serves as an essential on-the-job reference after certification.

Covers all exam objectives, including how to:

    Work with CPUs, RAM, BIOS settings, motherboards, power supplies, and other PC components
    Install, configure, and troubleshoot hard drives
    Manage input devices and removable media
    Install, upgrade, and troubleshoot Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 7
    Troubleshoot all common PC problems
    Install video and multimedia cards
    Work with smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices
    Install and configure wired and wireless networks
    Connect to the Internet
    Protect your PC and your network
    Install, configure, and manage printers
    Work with virtualization technologies
    Understand safety and environmental issues