Treacherous
Original Release Date: May 17, 2011
Label: BDA Records
Copyright: 2011 Lee Fields
Total Length: 42:37

Whether backed by a tight rhythm and horn sections or driven by a house style DJ/producer, when Lee Fields steps in front of a microphone, he puts his heart, soul and mind into everything he sings;. And he has absolutely no qualms about it. With a vocal style that echoed James Brown's - resulting in years of constant comparisons - Fields had a lot to live up to. Dubbed `Little JB,' Fields was honored with those comparisons from his peers. Yet his ultimate focus was on delivering no less than one-hundred percent to the cause of vintage funk and soul; surrounding himself with musicians who knew how to groove hard and to accent his unique take on JB.
Fields released several singles for several labels through three decades, including the now obscure release from 1979, Let's Talk It Over. He generally took a recording hiatus during the eighties, appearing occasionally on a few 12-inch singles such as the disco-oriented "Shake It Lady." Fields returned with several albums in the nineties that mixed his trademark southern soul with synthesized funk jams. But the ball really got rolling for Fields when musician/producers Philip Lehman and Gabriel Roth sparked a revival of the sixties and seventies soul/funk era, starting with the band The Soul Providers. With a core group of musicians and vocalists based out of New York such as Sugarman 3, Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, The Expressions and Fields, Lehman and Roth's succession of independent labels such as Soul Fire and Daptone Records invested in delivering raw, authentically produced singles and albums towards a hungry audience for fundamental soul and funk. When Soul Fire Records shut down and Lehman left the music industry, it was taken over by Truth & Soul, which released Fields last full-length in 2009 - the critically acclaimed My World featuring The Expressions. As Fields was enjoying his biggest success yet during this classic soul and funk movement, he partnered with popular French DJ Martin Solveig for two major dance hits - "Jealousy" and "I Want You" - that easily merged old school JB-enriched funk with house fueled rhythms.
Now with his most accessible recording to date, Treacherous on BDA Records foregoes the full live band setting in favor of more electronic beats as Fields' soul wrenching vocals bonds with futuristic R&B/hip-hop, smooth jazz, Euro pop, funk and reggae. Despite the absence of The Expressions, most of Treacherous should still satisfy the cravings of classic soul and funk aficionados. Solveig's influence rubs off on "We're Here To Turn It Out," a perfect backdrop for any Soul Train line, and "Man Hunt," a cut that would make itself at home on any DJ David Guetta superstar collaboration. Fields cleverly navigates between his JB-induced heights and soft swoops on "He Doesn't Care About You," with its gentle roots reggae flow, the hip-hop nuanced "I've Been Hurt" and the jazzy R&B stew of "I Want To Get With You." Those who appreciate Fields' body of work and the next generation of southern fried soul interpreters such as The Revelations featuring Tre Williams should especially bask in "I Want You So Bad" and "At the End of the Day." As for the funk, "Dance Like You're Naked" has the complete package, from the clavinet, to the sharp guitar strokes and a bluesy saxophone solo.

Even with a change of pace to reach a commercial market, Fields strikes funky soul gold on nearly everything on Treacherous. The only serious hiccups are "Living in the Gusto," where Fields' voice succumbs to the overbearing techno buzz, and a couple of cheesy synthesized tracks. Overall, Treacherous might just be the major breakthrough for this underappreciated old school soul heart who takes every microphone moment seriously. Highly Recommended.

By Peggy Oliver
Soul Tracks

Let's Talk It Over (Deluxe Edition)
Original Release Date: January 15, 2013
Label: Truth & Soul Records
Copyright: (c) 2013 Truth & Soul LLC
Total Length: 51:47

Truth & Soul is proud to present the deluxe re-issue of Lee Fields' "holy grail" album! The CD also features songs from his singles catalogue and is also repackaged with a new cover.


Lost funky soul from Lee Fields – the underground deep soul singer who's really been making a comeback in the indie deep funk scene! Although Lee's recent albums have been getting a lot of play, his older recordings are just about impossible to find – making this set all the more important! The album was done for the tiny Angle 3 label – a company so small that it opted for one of the "stock" images that was given the album by the pressing plant, which explains the unspectacular cover! But don't let the image fool you, because the album's got a raw, hard-hitting sound that's totally great – indie soul from the 70s south – with Lee sounding equally great on the upbeat groovers and the album's mellower deep soul tracks. The whole thing's great – a completely different side of Lee than you'd expect from his recent work, but equally wonderful – and titles include "Everybody Gonna Give Their Thing Away (parts 1 & 2)", "Flim Flam", "Wanna Dance", and "Let's Talk It Over". Plus, the CD version also includes a bunch of bonus cuts like "Funky Screw", "The Bull Is Coming", and "Let's Get Funky Funky"!  © 1996-2013, Dusty Groove, Inc.

