This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in July 2008.


Bonnie Raitt - Longing In Their Hearts (1994)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41Q4WND0GGL._SL500_AA240_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 16 page booklet.)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

Long a critic's darling, singer/guitarist Bonnie Raitt did not begin to win the comparable commercial success due her until the release of the aptly titled 1989 blockbuster Nick of Time; her tenth album, it rocketed her into the mainstream consciousness nearly two decades after she first committed her unique blend of blues, rock, and R&B to vinyl. Born in Burbank, CA, on November 8, 1949, she was the daughter of Broadway star John Raitt, best known for his starring performances in such smashes as Carousel and Pajama Game. After picking up the guitar at the age of 12, Raitt felt an immediate affinity for the blues, and although she went off to attend Radcliffe in 1967, within two years she had dropped out to begin playing the Boston folk and blues club circuit. Signing with noted blues manager Dick Waterman, she was soon performing alongside the likes of idols including Howlin' Wolf, Sippie Wallace, and Mississippi Fred McDowell and in time earned such a strong reputation that she was signed to Warner Bros.

Debuting in 1971 with an eponymously titled effort, Raitt immediately emerged as a critical favorite, applauded not only for her soulful vocals and thoughtful song selection but also for her guitar prowess, turning heads as one of the few women to play bottleneck. ...

To read the entire bio: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:fifwxqr5ldje~T1

All Music Album Review:

On the follow-up to the follow-up (and another million-selling number one hit), Bonnie Raitt contributes more than her usual share of original songs, writing four songs herself and setting a lyric of her husband's to music for a fifth. Elsewhere, she draws on such strong writers as Richard Thompson and Paul Brady, all for a collection devoted to devotion. Song after song expresses passion, usually with happy results -- this is not the album of a woman with the blues. Even when she's dressing down a parent in her own "Circle Dance," Raitt offers forgiveness and understanding. There, and in other songs, the object of her emotions rarely seems to be perfect, but she takes that in and loves him, anyway. Co-producer Don Was provides a detailed production in which single elements -- an accordion, a harmony vocal by Levon Helm or David Crosby -- effectively color arrangements and complement Raitt's always soulful singing.

Track List:

01. Love Sneakin' Up On You
02. Longing In Their Hearts
03. You
04. Cool, Clear Water
05. Circle Dance
06. I Sho Do
07. Dimming Of The Day
08. Feeling Of Falling
09. Steal Your Heart Away
10. Storm Warning
11. Hell To Pay
12. Shadow Of Doubt

More album detail at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:ajfpxqrgldse
