Resident Evil 6 system requirements (minimum)

    CPU: 2.4 GHz dual core CPU or better
    RAM: 2GB of system memory
    Graphics: DirectX 9 compatible card with 512 MB RAM. Nvidia 8-series or AMD Radeon 3000 series graphics cards.
    Operating system: Windows XP
    DirectX compatible audio card
    10 GB of hard disk space

Resident Evil 6 system requirements (recommended)

    CPU: 2.4 GHz quad core Intel or AMD processor
    RAM: 4GB
    Graphics: DirectX 11 compatible card with 1GB of video memory, Nvidia 400-series or AMD 5000-series.
    Operating system: Windows 7
    DirectX compatible audio card
    10 GB of hard disk space

Resident Evil 6 allows players to select between three scenarios with connected storylines, each with their own
intentionally different design. Each scenario follows one of three main protagonists - Leon S. Kennedy,
Chris Redfield and Jake Muller. The player characters from each scenario will have their own partners which are
controlled by either the computer AI or another human player via local or online multiplayer. When playing in
single player, the player can allow another player to join in online at any time and inventories are now kept 
separate from each other.[5] A fourth scenario is unlocked after the player has finished the other three,
in which the player controls Ada Wong (without a partner).[5] The game also features the Mercenaries mode,
where players fight hordes of enemies, and the Agent Hunt mode which allows players to
take control of random enemies in other people's games.

More info and support here: 
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=18587.0

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      
