  Filthy Boy - Smile That Won't Go Down (2013) [FLAC]
 
  Released: 2013
  Duration: 42:30
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Styles: Indie Rock, Britpop, Post-Punk
  Source: WEB
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 900 kbps
  Bit Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz

  01 In the Name Of 
  02 Naughty Corner
  03 Waiting On the Doorstep 
  04 Jimmy Jammies 
  05 Charm of the Dangerous Minx 
  06 When Everyone Cheers
  07 Mental Conditions 
  08 Spiral Eyes
  09 That Life 
  10 Biggest Fan Ever 
  11 Oh Dear 

  The wait for Franz Ferdinand’s fourth album is stretching into ‘Chinese Democracy’ territory, but if arch lyrics and louche vocals are what you’re missing then let this fill the gap. As their name implies, Filthy Boy are a smutty proposition. These boys have supported Palma Violets, received the Zane Lowe seal of approval and garnered praise no end from the likes of NME, The Fly and TimeOut London. This foursome are leading a new revolution of indie disco, with a post-noughties twist. Helmed by 20-year-old frontman Paraic Morrissey and his transportive baritone (like Kapranos, singer Paraic Morrissey has the knack of sounding like he’s casually sparking up a post-coital cigarette, but there’s less of a pop cushion here than with Franz.) Filthy Boy's debut album, which was recorded at Edwyn Collins' West Heath Studio, is laced with romance, sweetness and intrigue. Stories don't quite finish as expected, there's drama, suggestion and blurred boundaries between innocence and murky darkness.
The Peckham boys, their number made up by Paraic's bass-playing brother Michael, guitarist Harry Weskin and drummer Ed Bernez, spent less than a week recording an opening statement that's as barbed as it is pleasant. Steeped in refreshing, classic-leaning guitar lines, melody and sticky, robust choruses, it acts as an imposing calling card for its creators' songwriting abilities. "Naughty Corner" is like Sweeney Todd down the indie disco, while "Spiral Eyes" has a dark heart plucked straight from the Nick Cave School Of Indecency. 

  'Smile That Won’t Go Down', above everything, showcases the memorable and incredible vocals of Paraic. Even the most absurd or mundane of lyrics in the almost-parody track "Jimmy Jammies", make you fall to your figurative knees in awe of the band, when set to the deep baritone voice of Morrissey. Filthy Boy have no time for beating-about-the-bush with this album. They write and sing exactly what they mean, and make no apologies for their frank lyrics. In "That Life" we can see, in full force, the band’s penchant for colourful lyrics (‘phenomenal tits and the firmest behind’) that gives their music an almost juvenile charm. Last year, the band grabbed the attention when they released their single "Naughty Corner" along with a video racy enough to make your Granny shudder! All in all, it's pretty pleasantly disgusting!