Our next work was a childhood favourite, the Invincible (1983) Nepobedimyy...

This is the same torrent that was previously released on eutorrents!

Title: Invincible
AKA: Der Stärkere
Year: 1983
Original title: Nepobedimyy
Runtime: 1 hour 14 minutes
Country: Soviet Union, Russia
Language: Russian
Subtitles: English | Russian | Bulgarian (.srt)
Genre: Action

Director: Yuri Boretsky

Cast

Cast overview:

Andrei Rostotsky ... Andrei Khromov
Khamza Umarov ... Faltachbek
Nurmukhan Zhanturin ... Dshuma
Yedgor Sagdiyev ... Dshafar
Gulnara Dusmatova ... Dailo
Birodar Atabayev
Dilshot Ismailov
Nikolai Karpov
Tukhtasyn Muratov

Plot / Synopsis

Film about a Russian Master of Martial Arts, Andrei Khromov (Rostotsky). Based on a true story. A young man travels all over the Eastern republics of the Soviet Union. He is studying various systems of self-defense in order to develop his own system that would make him unbeatable.

Review:

A true story about a man who created a system of self-defense basing on martial arts practices of different eastern nationalities inhabiting territory of the former Soviet Union. Known as SAMBO (abbreviation of Self-Defense Without Weapons) this system became on of the most effective military, police and special forces mandatory part of education. Many original techniques are demonstrated. Perfect to those who are interested in martial arts history.



Technical Specs
 
File Format: AVI/XviD

Video Format: avi
Video Bitrate: 1191 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps 
Aspect Ratio: 8 : 7
Resolution: 464 x 224
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.121

Audio Format: 0x0055 (MP3)
Audio Bitrate: 128 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48.0 kHz


A big ThanxXx to Nastroviya, omegaman & Filmomaniac for the work, recommendations and cooperation on the Custom Made English subtitles.

This subtitle was specifically made for eutorrents.me, thus adding another title to the growing list of our homemade customizations.

"Every man is endowed with a major reservoir of creativity, but most people sleep soundly. To awaken the forces - is our most important task." - Anatoly Harlampiev


Special ThanxXx to rutracker for the rip!!!


Check SWATura torrents for other hard-to-find classics!

(K) Kopyleft 2013 - All Rites Reversed...

p.s. We are looking for native English speakers to help us out checking the English texts of translated Custom subtitles and comics... If interested, give us a shout, either here, or directly... (swatura@yahoo.com)

ThanxXx...			