
  Tricky - False Idols (2013) [FLAC]

  Released: 2013
  Duration: 45:12
  Genres: Hip-Hop, Electronic
  Style: Trip-Hop
  Country: UK
  Source: CD (log + cue)
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 800 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16 
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz

  01 Somebody's Sins
  02 Nothing Matters
  03 Valentine
  04 Bonnie & Clyde
  05 Parenthesis
  06 Nothing's Changed
  07 If Only I Knew
  08 Is That Your Life
  09 Tribal Drums
  10 We Don't Die
  11 Chinese Interlude
  12 Does It
  13 I'm Ready
  14 Hey Love
  15 Passion of the Christ
  

    Originally, Tricky was a member of the Wild Bunch, a Bristol-based rap troupe that eventually metamorphosed into Massive Attack during the early '90s. Tricky provided pivotal raps on Massive Attack's groundbreaking 1992 album, Blue Lines. The following year, he released his debut single, "Aftermath." Before he recorded "Aftermath," he met a teenage vocalist named Martina, who would become his full-time musical collaborator; all albums released under Tricky's name feature her contributions.
 
  Tricky signed a contract with 4th & Broadway in 1994. The contract contained a clause which allowed him to release side projects under different names, in addition to regular Tricky releases. "Ponderosa" and "Overcome" were released over the course of 1994; that same year, he made a cameo on Massive Attack's second album, Protection. Tricky's debut album, Maxinquaye, appeared in the spring of 1995. Not only did the album receive overwhelmingly positive reviews when it was released, but it entered the U.K. charts at number two, despite the total lack of daytime radio airplay. Throughout 1995, Tricky was omnipresent in the U.K., collaborating with and remixing for a wide variety of artists, including Björk, Luscious Jackson, and Whale. In the fall of 1995, he released Tricky vs. the Gravediggaz, a collaboration with the American hardcore rap group, as well as a single called "I Be the Prophet," which was released under the name Starving Souls. At the end of the year, Maxinquaye topped many year-end polls in Britain, including Melody Maker and NME.

  In February of 1996, Nearly God -- an album featuring Tricky's collaborations with artists as diverse as Terry Hall, Björk, Alison Moyet, and Neneh Cherry -- was released, again to strong reviews; the album was released in the U.S. six months later. After completing the second full-fledged Tricky album, he relocated to New York City early in 1996 where he began working with underground rappers. An EP called Grassroots was released in the U.S. in September. Two months later, Tricky's official second album, Pre-Millennium Tension, was released. Again, Tricky received positive reviews, though there were a few dissenting opinions.

  In addition to his three releases of 1996, he remixed artists as diverse as Elvis Costello, Garbage, Yoko Ono, and Bush. Tricky's next full-length solo effort, Angels with Dirty Faces, appeared in 1998, followed a year later by Juxtapose, a collaboration with Cypress Hill's DJ Muggs and DMX's Grease. In 2001, Tricky returned with the Mission Accomplished EP, which was released by the Epitaph subsidiary label Anti. Blowback, his first for Hollywood Records, appeared later that June and included various collaborations with Hawkman, Live's Ed Kowalczyk, and Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis and John Frusciante. Increasingly aware of his brooding persona in the media and annoyed that popular music magazines had started labeling him "the Dark Prince," in 2003, he made Vulnerable as an attempt to expose himself as a more accessible artist. The same year, the Back to Mine label released an album of remixes that he compiled, before he took a five-year hiatus from recording new material. Knowle West Boy marked a strong return by the trip-hop pioneer in 2008. Tricky toured for a solid year behind Knowle West Boy, his most critically acclaimed recording since Pre-Millennium Tension. In August of 2010, he emerged with the single "Murder Weapon" a reworking of Echo Minott's '90s-era dancehall hit that obsessed him. Following in the tradition of his infamous read of Public Enemy's "Black Steel" with backing vocalist Martina Topley-Bird, "Murder Weapon," like its precursor, also featured a female voice, in this case, Irish-italian singer Franky Riley, one of his backing vocalists on the road. Tricky followed the single with the album Mixed Race later that fall.