Lesley Pearse: Forgive Me

AZW3, EPUB, MOBI

Lesley Pearse, No.1 UK bestselling author of "The Promise and Belle", is back with "Forgive Me", a compelling story of a daughter uncovering her mother's secret past. Cheltenham, 1991 When Eva Patterson returns home from work one day, a devastating scene awaits her. Her mother, Flora, lies dead in the bath. Beside her is a note saying only: 'Forgive Me'. Until then, Eva always believed her family's life would be comfortable and secure - but Flora's suicide changes everything. And when Eva discovers that in her will Flora left her an artist's studio in London, she realises how little she knows about her mother's past. When Eva visits the now derelict studio, she is shocked to find out that her mother was once a successful artist back in the 1960s. A chance encounter leads her to Phil, who agrees to help her restore the studio, as well as offering her the advice and friendship Eva so badly needs. In the studio attic she finds a collection of Flora's paintings and old diaries, which Eva believes were purposely left for her to find. Searching for answers, Eva encounters a psychic who mysteriously warns her to beware of a 'sleeping serpent', which she soon discovers refers to a shocking crime in Flora's past. Will discovering the truth destroy Eva's belief in everything she holds dear? And will Phil stand by Eva even when her journey leads her and those she loves into certain danger? From the author of international bestseller, Stolen, "Forgive Me" is an intense and gripping story of love and forgiveness. "Pearse will pull your heartstrings." ("Sun"). "Characters it is impossible not to care about." ("Daily Mail"). "An addictive tear-jerker with characters you'll adore, laugh with and cry for." ("Bella"). "Full of love, passion and heartbreak." ("Best"). "Glorious, heartwarming." ("Woman and Home"). Lesley Pearse's novels have sold over five million copies worldwide. Her fifteen most recent books, including "The Promise", "Belle", "Stolen", "Gypsy", "Faith", "Hope", "A Lesser Evil", "Secrets", "Remember Me", "Till We Meet Again", "Father Unknown", "Trust Me", "Never Look Back", "Charlie and Rosie", are huge bestsellers and available as Penguin paperbacks. Lesley lives near Bristol and has three daughters and two grandchildren.



This is a multi-tracker torrent.  Please check your Bit-Torrent client for the true number of seeds.  Enjoy & Please Seed