Artist: Kath Bloom
Release: Thin Thin Line
Released: 2010
Label: Caldo Verde
Catalog#: CDCV010
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: USA
Style: pop,rock

1. Thin Thin Line
2. Dangerous Days
3. Heart So Sadly
4. Like This
5. Such A Tease
6. Back There
7. Is This Called Living?
8. Long Ago
9. Another Point Of View
10. Lets Get Living
11. Freddie
12. I'm Thinking Of Love
13. Who'll Shoot The Horse
14. Not Through With This Yet

There’s such a thing as being so simple as to be profound, but there’s also a thing called being profoundly simplistic. The difference is all the difference, and separating the two there’s just a thin, thin line. Kath Bloom walks it on her new recording, and she almost always stays on the right side of it; and even when she doesn’t, the listener can never say that she’s anything less than sure of herself and her songs.

Yeah, this is a folk album, in a way that not very many people make folk albums anymore– which is to say, it isn’t some sleepy little collection of quietly-strummed love songs made to be played in cafes. It’s earnest and sincere, yes, but also raggedly, nakedly emotional, bristling with tough truths and seemingly designed to be as prickly to the touch as it is soothing to the ear. It’s the kind of record that seems to have a tough skin but a soft heart: The emotions are candid, but they’re earned. There’s nothing sentimental about it, unless you consider wisdom gained from a life well-lived to be sentimental.

Thin Thin Line follows 2008′s Terror, which itself signalled the end of a hiatus from recording that had more or less lasted a couple of decades. Bloom is still very much an outsider, and this album, like all her albums, is released on a tiny indie imprint, but her profile over the last several years has grown significantly, thanks in no small part to an indie-friendly tribute album featuring the likes of Bill Callahan, Mark Kozelek, and the Dodos; Devandra Banhart, meanwhile, has been her most outspoken supporter, heralding Bloom as one of his favorite singers. But Thin Thin Line doesn’t feel like the singer is cashing on on an increased public awareness so much as she’s making up for lost time; the fourteen songs here are simple but spry, and generally very lively. Bloom plays guitar and recorder and is joined by her Love at Work band, which features drums and bass, different guitars and harmonica.

It all feels off-the-cuff and immediate, not unlike Bloom’s lyrics: She is a poet, to be sure, but also very much in the tradition of the confessional folksinger, and as such her lyrics don’t scan as terribly sophisticated or intricate so much as they’re upfront and intuitive. This is cowboy poetry, the songs sounding almost like they could be campfire songs: The rhymes are very basic, and the basic meaning of any one of these songs is fairly easy to deduce. Bloom isn’t interested in hiding behind complex metaphors or elaborate narratives. These are emotional truths told simply, but richly. Only on occasion do the songs feel like they could use a bit more polish, as on “Freddy,” a tune that seems to be built around the title character’s name being rhymed with “ready.”