Unabridged - 192 kbps
Read by Madeleine L'Engle herself. 
Published by: Listening Library

Every time a star goes out, another Echthros has won a battle.

Just before Meg Murry’s little brother, Charles Wallace, falls deathly ill, he sees dragons in the vegetable garden. The dragons turn out to be Proginoskes, a cherubim composed of wings and eyes, wind and flame. It is up to Meg and Proginoskes, along with Meg’s friend Calvin, to save Charles Wallace’s life. To do so, they must travel deep within Charles Wallace to attempt to defeat the Echthroi–those who hate–and restore brilliant harmony and joy to the rhythm of creation, the song of the universe.

Amazon.com Review

"There are dragons in the twins' vegetable garden," announces six-year-old Charles Wallace Murry in the opening sentence of The Wind in the Door. His older sister, Meg, doubts it. She figures he's seen something strange, but dragons--a "dollop of dragons," a "drove of dragons," even a "drive of dragons"--seem highly unlikely. As it turns out, Charles Wallace is right about the dragons--though the sea of eyes (merry eyes, wise eyes, ferocious eyes, kitten eyes, dragon eyes, opening and closing) and wings (in constant motion) is actually a benevolent cherubim (of a singularly plural sort) named Proginoskes who has come to help save Charles Wallace from a serious illness.

In her usual masterful way, Madeleine L'Engle jumps seamlessly from a child's world of liverwurst and cream cheese sandwiches to deeply sinister, cosmic battles between good and evil. Children will revel in the delectably chilling details--including hideous scenes in which a school principal named Mr. Jenkins is impersonated by the Echthroi (the evil forces that tear skies, snuff out light, and darken planets). When it becomes clear that the Echthroi are putting Charles Wallace in danger, the only logical course of action is for Meg and her dear friend Calvin O'Keefe to become small enough to go inside Charles Wallace's body--into one of his mitochondria--to see what's going wrong with his farandolae. In an illuminating flash on the interconnectedness of all things and the relativity of size, we realize that the tiniest problem can have mammoth, even intergalactic ramifications. Can this intrepid group voyage through time and space and muster all their strength of character to save Charles Wallace? It's an exhilarating, enlightening, suspenseful journey that no child should miss.

This is the second book in the Time Quartet series by Madeleine L'Engle.

00 - Intro
01 - Chapter 01 - Charles Wallace's Dragons
02 - Chapter 02 - A Rip in the Galaxy
03 - Chapter 03 - The Man in the Night
04 - Chapter 04 - Proginoskes
05 - Chapter 05 - The First Test
06 - Chapter 06 - The Real Mr. Jenkins
07 - Chapter 07 - Metron Ariston
08 - Chapter 08 - Journey Into the Interior
09 - Chapter 09 - Farandolae and Mitochondria
10 - Chapter 10 - Yadah
11 - Chapter 11 - Sporos
12 - Chapter 12 - A Wind in the Door
13 - Outro