GODS OF ENTERTAiNMENT (DVD5 // NTSC // PCM) untouched.

the power of mass-media to influence and corrupt (68m)

PLUS BONUS HARRY POTTER TV SPECIAL (22m)

8 minute preview, featuring Mel Gibson:

Whoever controls the media, controls the culture that elects the politicians, who appoint the judges who shape our political, social legal rules, laws and spiritual worldview.

This eye-opening video explains the agenda behind the power-grab of five U.S. mega-media conglomerates that control 95% of mass-media and entertainment worldwide. The targets of those in power are Amercia's 32 million teenagers, who in the process of being bilked of their $150 billion spending potential, are being seduced, enticed and brainwashed by biased media messages which dangerously twist worldviews for the worse.

Many believe the strong anti Judeo Christian bias of those in mass-media, and their influence in the content of TV programs and movies, is to blame for the declining values of society.

Did you know that by the time teenagers are 17 years-old, they have spent 40,000 hours watching movies, videos, TV programs, playing video games, listening to music, and reading popular books and news stories, thus making the mass-media of entertainmnet among the most influential teachers of our children, and the prime source of values, spiritual instruction, and behavior modification?

Veteran film maker Caryl Matrisciana, a leading expert in world religions and paganism, pulls back the curtain of the entertainment industry, revealing fascinating information about the influence of media, good and bad, and equips the viewer to stand firm against it's persuasive powers that can corrupt.

Note: An interesting subject matter, though the often touted term "Judeo-Christian", is not truly possible, because they are dialectics of each other; though believing lies is so much easier. Movie contains one-sided fear-mongering about Hitler, without the context that ALL SIX world powers committed war-crimes of equal, and much worse nature, such as atomic bombings, the mass-starvation and execution of POWs, and the actual holocaust by firebombing of German cities. Remember that the victors of war were the ones who forced their "truth" down everyone's throats, and even made it illegal to question the number 6.

Also: Though Anton LaVey was certainly influential upon the movie Rosemary's Baby (directed by pedophile rapist Jew, Roman Polanski), and although his likeness is depicted as the rapist satan, he was not casted in the movie, for some reason.


More free stuff here: http://thepiratebay.is/user/cockymountainoyster