

A Hard Days Night B/W

The Beatles--the world's most famous rock and roll band starring in their first full-length, hilarious action-packed film--travel from their home town of Liverpool to London to perform in a television broadcast. Along the way they must rescue Paul's unconventional grandfather from various misadventures and drummer Ringo goes missing just before the crucial concert.

Director: Richard Lester

Stars:  John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr


Help!

An Eastern cult discovers that the sacrificial ring is missing. Ringo, drummer of The Beatles band has it; sent by the girl (who's to be sacrificed) as a gift. Clang, Ahme, Bhuta and several cult members leave for London to retrieve the ring. After several failed attempts to steal the ring, they confront him in an Indian restaurant. Ringo learns that if he does not return the ring soon, he will become the next sacrifice. Ringo then discovers that the ring is stuck on his finger. Its a race against time; John, Paul, and George try to protect their friend while they're all being chased not only by Clang and his minions, but also by two mad scientists and the chief inspector of Scotland yard. Will Ringo be saved, or will he be sacrificed?


Director: Richard Lester

Stars:  John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr



Magical Mystery Tour

The Beatles first film since "Help" was largely Paul McCartney's project. The story follows a bus load of eccentric characters on a magic journey through the English countryside. Rather than a unified narrative, it becomes a series of psychedelic clips promoting various songs including "The Fool on the Hill," "Blue Jay Way," "Your Mother Should Know," "I Am the Walrus" and "Magical Mystery Tour." The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band are seen in a strip club playing "Death Cab for Cutie." 

Directed by:
George Harrison	 
Bernard Knowles	 	
John Lennon	 	
Paul McCartney	 	
Ringo Starr	 
 
Writing credits:
George Harrison	 
John Lennon	 	
Paul McCartney	 
Ringo Starr	 	



Yellow Submarine / cartoon


The Beatles agree to accompany Captain Fred in his Yellow Submarine and go to Pepperland to free it from the music hating Blue Meanies. 

The singing group, The Beatles, at the height of their popularity, agree to accompany Captain Fred in his Yellow Submarine and go to Pepperland to free it from the music hating Blue Meanies. They are recruited by an escapee to come and bring joy (and music) back to the land. The techniques are quite psychedelic in the cartoons and much care was taken to have the walks and mannerisms of the individual Beatles cartoons match the originals.

Directed by: George Dunning	 	
 
Writing credits:
Lee Minoff	 	(story)
Lee Minoff	 	(screenplay) and
Al Brodax	 	(screenplay) &
Jack Mendelsohn	 	(screenplay) and
Erich Segal	 	(screenplay)

Cast:

The Beatles	... 	Themselves (as Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band)
John Clive	... 	John's (voice)
Geoffrey Hughes	... 	Paul's (voice
Peter Batten	... 	George's (voice)
Paul Angelis	... 	Ringo's (voice)/ Chief Blue Meanie
Dick Emery	... 	Jeremy Hilary Boob, Ph.D - Nowhere Man / Lord Mayor / Max 
Lance Percival	... 	Young / Old Fred (voice)
 


