Sliders 9 - "Advanced Spiritual Body Training - The Flame of CosMAyah, Mayan Mother Matrix & Luminary Body Activation". Recorded live in two different workshops: Mayan Cruise – October 2010 & FOL – January 2011

The required Grid Work for this workshop was performed during the Mayan Cruise Workshop and the Resulting Technique Activations were then able to be completed during the FOL 2011 workshop.

This extraordinary grid-work workshop saw Team Aquafereion-Indigo co-create with the Guardian races in ways never “seen” before. In doing so, the Team set the ground work for spreading the Kristic Blend wave to each and every corner of the globe, allowing the ascension host frequencies to become available to every plant, animal, critter and person on planet. What a celebration! The workshop was staged as a cruise in the area it was because of a special grid network called the Mayan Mother Matrix Temple Network. The pre-ancient Mayans (not the races known today as “the Mayans”) were part of a global group of Cos-MA-Yah Flame Keepers who held the keys to a specific planetary gate set associated with the Mayan Mother grids called the Kei-Ti Gates. Team Indigo assisted in anchoring the Flame of Cos-MA-Yah activations which in turn open the planetary Kei-Ti gates. The Mayan sites visited during this workshop connect into the Mayan Temple Network and into the Tara-Kei-Ti grids. The Tara-Kei-Ti grids are connected to both the 12 ancient arrow sites of the Elohei (see WOAB April 2010 workshop) and the Spanner Gates (see 12-Tribes material). There are a set of 3 Core Tara-Kei-Ti Gates on the Aurora Earth side, and these connect to 3 corresponding Tara-Kei-Ti Gate sites here on NET Earth. The Kei-Ti Membrane, whether on a personal, planetary, solar, galactic or Universal level, is an organic part of the Spirit Body anatomy – it is “an energetic skin of Etheric Rasha Dark matter particulates surrounding and encasing each of the 12 probability dominions and the central actuality “Bud” dominion.  It separates each time-space matter probability dominion (and each individual incarnate identity) from the other, allowing for linear delineation of space-time life/evolution cycles within the context of simultaneous manifestation within the Eternal NOW time.” 