
-          Active.Directory.Reports v5.9.3.0

Release Date : 2013-02-21
Nfo Date : 2013-02-21

Num. Disks : xx/05                      OS : Windows
Nfo Time : 13:37                Rel Type : Keygen
Cracker : Team Lz0              Archive : lz0.rar
Packer : Team Lz0                Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English
Protection : N/A

Requirements : N/A
: Always use a firewall.
Publisher URL : http://www.maxpowersoft.com
Publisher : MaxPowerSoft

(%01)  Keyfile / License          (%06)  Emulator
(%02)  Patch                      (%07)  Serial
(%03)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (%08)  Retail
(%04)  Keygen                    (%09)  Trainer
(%05)  Loader                    (%10)  Other

1999 - 2013

I N F O

More than 300 of predefined User, Group, OU, Computer, GPO,
Contact, Exchange, Printer and NTFS reports
Build-in scheduler. Run any number of reports anytime
Customize existing or create and save your own custom reports
Save report settings for the selected domain or for all domains
in the current forest
Export reports to PDF, CSV, TXT, XLS, RTF, HTML and other
formats.
LDAP query builder. Create you own LDAP query and apply it to
any report.
True information from not replicated attributes including
lastLogon, badPasswordTime, badPwdCount, logonCount and
whenChanged
True locked out User report based on domain lockout policy.
True Last Logon information.
Ability to exclude domain controllers from scanning. Select
only domain controllers you want to scan.
AD Reports automatically exclude inaccessible domain
controllers from scanning for better performance.
Start your search from any container or search the entire domain
Group members. Load direct or/and nested members. Include
nested group name and primary membership.
User membership. Load direct or all security and distribution
groups with nested groups including primary group.
Translate Foreign Security principals into NT Account name.
Current forest and selected domain information
Domain security and lockout policy, domain LDAP attributes
Detailed information of any selected Active Directory object,
including General Information, Security Information, Membership
and LDAP attributes.
Use predefined or any active directory attributes
Customizable Print Preview. Apply your own watermark, create
your own headers / footers, send a report via e-mail.
Built-in grid grouping, sorting and filtering
Many different skins from professional to funny if you want
have some fun while you are waiting for your reports :)

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install.
2) Use the key generator to generate a valid serial.
3) Enjoy this release

NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has
enough privileges.