Almost pink story / Takmer ruzovy príbeh / A Rosy Story

Year: 1990
Country: Czechoslovakia
Genre: Musical
Duration: 01:37:06.879 (145672 frames)
Translation: Amateur (odnogogolosy, voice) - Women's
Russian subtitles: none

Director: Juraj Jakubisko / Juraj Jakubisko

Cast: Darin Rolinkova / Darina Rolincová, Yuri Korn / Jiří Korn, Luba Skorepova / Luba Skořepová, Nelly Gayerova / Nelly Gaierová, Diana Horvathova-Yakubiskova / Deana Horváthová-Jakubisková, Vladimir Durdik ml. / Vladimír Durdík ml., Jakub Kohl / Jakub Kohl, Zdenek Dusek / Zdeněk Dušek, Valeria Kaplanova / Valerie Kaplanová, Militka Hana / Hana Militká, Teresa Pergnerova / Tereza Pergnerová, Katerina Hrachovkova-Herchikova / Kateřina Hrachovcová - Herčíková, Ian Rosak / Jan Rosák, Richard Genzer / Richard Genzer

Description: A modern musical in which alternates with the reality of the past. Little Darinka, whose mother died, my grandmother brought up in Prague. Every night she goes to sleep listening to their favorite fairy tale of Sleeping Beauty. Darinka uncle, Leopold, actor-loser discovers that his niece's great musical talent. Their dreams of a future star marred an incurable hereditary disease Darinka (incoagulability blood). But she has to learn to live with the disease, do not give up and fight for their dreams.

Quality: DVDRip
Format: AVI
Video codec: XviD
Audio Codec: AC3
Video: 704x432 (1.63:1), 25 fps, XviD build 47 ~ 1953 kbps avg, 0.26 bit / pixel
Audio: 48 kHz, AC3 Dolby Digital, 2/0 (L, R) ch, ~ 192.00 kbps avg

A musical version of The Sleeping Beauty full of modern musical scenes combined with dream sequences from fairytale visions. Little Darinka, whose mother died, is growing up at her grandma's in Prague. Her grandmother reads her favorite fairytale The Sleeping Beauty to her every night. Surrounded by her father 's love, and the love of her Uncle Leonard (an unknown musician and stoker in the theater) she has a beautiful childhood. Uncle Leonard finds a great musical talent in her and wants her to be a singer. Unfortunately she becomes very ill with hemophilia. The hopeless reality mixes with the visions from her favorite fairytale from childhood. The girl has to learn how to live with the illness, not to give up and also cultivate her talent... 
　　J. Jakubisko: "The music is second only to the image as the most important part of film for me. The reason why I picked this topic was just a question of natural development. Magical realism is combined with the real world of the fairytale fiction. I made my mind up, wrote it and directed the story that makes this principle alive. With this musical fairytale I tried to touch the teenage generation - the age in which magical realism is part of life." 
　　1 hour 33 min / color 
　　Premiere screening: 1990 
　　Produced by: Czechoslovak TV, Czechoslovakia / TV 2000 Wiesbaden, West Germany 
　　Written, Screenplay and Directed by: Juraj Jakubisko 
　　Director of Photography: Jan Ďuriš 
　　Music by: Ladislav Štaidl
