The 85th Annual Academy Awards (2013)
 
http://oscar.go.com/

Format: Mkv
Quality: HDTV 720p
Dimensions: 1280 x 720
Video Codec: H264
Framerate: 30 fotgrams per second
Audio: Dolby Digital (AC-3)
Audio Channels: 5.1 Surround
Freq. Sampling: 48000 Hz
Bit rate: 384 Kbps
Duration: 2 hours: 53 minutes: 22 seconds
Size: 2.94GB

The Oscars had been characterized by a commitment to host Seth MacFarlane, an attempt to change the course of previous trifles as the failure of the young fashion of El Corte Ingles' the experiment starring James Franco and Anne Hathaway. The result quite bittersweet. The gala started well with Captain Kirk and the memorable "We saw her boobs' to slide into the abyss of boredom. McFarlane ended up stealing one of the worst jokes in the series, that of Latinos and lack ease in English, the man only sighed, Ricky Gervais.


Seth MacFarlane makes his inaugural appearance in hosting the 85th annual ceremony, broadcast from the Hollywood & Highland Center in Los Angeles. "Lincoln" leads with 12 nominations, including Best Picture. The other nominees for Best Picture are "Amour," Argo "," Beasts of the Southern Wild "," Django Unchained "," Les Miserables "," Life of Pi "," Silver Linings Playbook "and" Zero Dark Thirty " . Artists include Adele, Norah Jones and Barbra Streisand

It started very well, MacFarlane showed tables and show the idea of ??William Shatner, Captain Kirk of Star Trek, from the future to tell gala disaster had been and what he had to do about it, we did see that we could be in a gala. The song "We saw your tits" in which the actresses were told they had seen tits movies was one of the highlights of the night. But is that the dance is characterized Channing Tatum Charlize Theron and was bowled to leave more than one, Fred and Ginger can be proud. The problem is that in the end the creator of 'Family Guy' also followed the advice of Kirk and the show lost any hint of political incorrectness. It was a bit like the prizes, better pull on the bright side of things, 'Argo', 'Life of Pi', to deal with the harsh reality, 'Love' or a touch certainly wrong "Django shoots 'or' darkest night '.

MacFarlane still some jewel, as when he declared that Daniel Day Lewis had been playing very well the president of the Civil War, but the only actor able to get inside the head of President Lincoln was John Wilkes Booth (his murderer, who was in the actor). Facing an angry reaction from the audience, the father of 'Ted' replied: "Really? 150 years later and it is still too soon?" Apparently so. So it's better to forget the jokes about the current stars. The closest was when Gervais style, referring to Wallis Quvenzhané 9 years old, said the youngest candidate in the history of the Oscars still remained 16 years of George Clooney began considering the age.

After the gala was an infinite sequence of musical numbers. Bond Girls, Shirley Bassey and Adele were very good, the not so magnificent Norah Jones, Jennifer Hudson gave a recital style screams 'Idol', great sound and zero flavor, Catherine Zeta Jones, Les Miserables and reach, oh, my God, Barbra Streisand. And there is a gala to support the presence of color is dyed pastel Barbra until Haneke film. For a moment, I wished that the ceremony was presented by the creators of 'South Park', instead of 'Family Guy'.

Anyway the best uncomfortable, do not place the presenter, but in charge of music that literally threw the first stage of the winners to the tune of 'Jaws'. From Twitter, its star, Richard Dreyfuss, wrote "I had always dreamed of the day that the music of one of my films were used to take people who are thanking the awards. Did Steven" By the way, the singer Return of Doctors, Chris Barron, called PLS music with Anne Hathaway interminable speech, but it is clear that there are still classes in Hollywood. Can you imagine what would have happened if Spielberg comes to winning and having to resort to the music of John Williams? But Steven did not win, decided to opt for Ang Lee. The director of "Brokeback Mountain," "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and "The Wedding Banquet" won his first Oscar for 'Life of Pi'. If you notice, there is a capital joke.

But not all errors, Christoph Waltz won a deserved Oscar for 'Django Unchained' that may cause the company deserved Oscar for 'Inglourious Basterds'. Thanks Quentin for discovering this miracle, oh and you take care of it before the Oscars. After 'Love' won Best Foreign Language Film and Jennifer Lawrence for putting all the salt to a movie without him there would be no passing. Daniel Day Lewis not only showed how great actor he is, but could present such galas with all solvency. His joke about his possible involvement in the biopic of Margaret Thatcher and Meryl Streep in 'Lincoln' was the best among the guests.

Finally, Michelle Obama launched the White House, with what looked like tuna Salamanca around to give the award for Best Picture to 'Argo'. MacFarlane was diluted as a gala terroncillo sugar and went up to four hours. And Ricky Gervais jokes home was scoring that had happened in Barbra.




