The Sandman is one of the most enduring series of the past 30 years, with the ten trade paperbacks comprising its 75 issues (to say nothing of the numerous spinoffs, one-shots, and companion stories which flesh out the characters and universe) remaining strong sellers years after release. The exploits of Dream and his dysfunctional Endless siblings form the basis of this thoughtful and complex tale which has captivated a wide spectrum of readers.

So why upload this 56-issue torrent when there are countless others containing a more complete experience? The short answer: these issues are better. Like, way better. Think VHS vs IMAX. Once you see these, there's no way you could read the other versions out there. Trust me. Or read on to find out why.

Due to its success, people were scanning Sandman as soon as it became possible to trade comics online. While the people that did this deserve all the credit in the world for their hard work and patience, years of steadily improving scanning techniques and hardware left the popular Sandman rips in the dust. When DC began releasing Absolute Sandman volumes in 2006 featuring brand spanking new coloring, the old Sandman scans' grainy blacks, washed-out colors, and imperfections such as staple holes became more noticeable than ever.

After years of getting by with those flawed copies, the friendly badasses of Empire gave us these digital rips of recolored Sandman comics like Prometheus brought fire to the people. The difference in quality can't really be overstated, and I'd highly encourage you to compare the first issue of this torrent against any other you can find on TPB to see it for yourself. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any trace of the remaining issues, and even these aren't as easy to find as they should be.

Thanks to Neil Gaiman for creating such a great comic, DC/Vertigo for putting them out, the talented rippers, editors, and uploaders from Empire for making these available, and anybody who downloads and seeds this for distributing it to more people. 

Sweet dreams.