Year: 2011
Genre: Action, Shooter, Survival, horror, 3D, 3rd, Person
Developed by: Visceral Games
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Platform: PC
Publication Type: RePack
Language (Russian) | (English)
Language: (English)
Crack: enclosing

System requirements:
- Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7
- Processor: Intel Pentium 4 2.8 GHz / AMD Athlon 64 3000 +
- Memory: 1 GB
- Hard diske: 10 GB
- Sound Card: Sound Card compatible with DirectX 9.0
- Graphics Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8800GTX with 256 MB of memory on board

Description:
Effect of Dead Space 2 takes place three years after the end of the first part, on a space station called Sprawl. Initially, the game turns out to Isaac in the hospital at the station, where he witnesses the horrors that occur due to infection Necromorph. Equipped with an arsenal of different devices, Isaac must deal with all problems.
In his arsenal of sawn and is expected to dissect a great completion, the solution of puzzles and traveling in zero gravity will not disappear, the number of characters in the second plan will increase, well and most importantly - Isaac is now not only fighting for its survival, but it can be said save the galaxy from the spontaneous spreading of infection . There is the universe a better defender of the war, able to withstand this space infection.

Features:
The station Megapolis covered chaos. The enemies are trying to capture this huge space city, and Isaac once again have to fight for his life
On the way to salvation You have to break through the Church yunitologii, fly over the solar panels and a dangerous pass protected area
Win your own. For each turn you will wait for a familiar and brand new incredible creatures
Use the new destructive tools to draw the enemy to flight. Necromorph nail to the wall shots from Javelin, tear them to pieces of powerful explosions of mines, booby-traps, turn body parts into lethal weapons with telekinesis. You can even throw the enemy space, breaking a hole in the casing of the station!
The battles in zero gravity. The new protective suit Isaac opens more opportunities for movement in zero gravity. Explore the remote corners of the station Megapolis, master the skills of fighting in zero gravity and decide based on the laws of physics puzzle.