


POtHS - End Times - 20

Russ Dizdar - Babylon Is Rising



   
POtHS - End Times - 20 - Russ Dizdar - Babylon Is Rising


POtHS Comments on This one      THEY ARE COMING, REMEMBER WE ARE IN CONTROL. Not them. Do not be deceived. Fear is a Sin.

Description:

Babylon Is Rising series by Russ Dizdar:

Babylon rising means so much and we are going to expound and proclaim what is at the core of its mystery. There is a spiritual conception, inception, evolution and goal for this.

The pinnacle/development of the broadest, largest and most manifest presence of the darkside in global/fallen world history. This system is already seen in future biblical prophecy, is on the way and events that will rock the world will be the cause of its freakish rise to global power. See Revelation 17 & 18 for an infallible look into humanities near future.  http://www.shatterthedarkness.net

Part 1 of 5 - Exchanging Truth For A Lie:
Part 2 - Code Of Insurrection:
Part 3 - Familiar Spirit Doorways:
Part 4 - Rituals, Powers, Prescence
Part 5 - Doors Opened, Doors Shut
-----------------------------------------------------------

Signs - Part 12:
A compilation of various short clips presenting the apocalyptic signs which are occurring around the world today and help us identify the signs ushering the end of days.  View what's been happening in our time and determine for yourself the onset of Revelations and what may lay ahead.

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

The Entire Collection can be found here:  http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
