Album info:

The album was released in late 1995 in Australia with minimal promotion and, therefore, made little impact on the ARIA Album Charts, subsequently failing to crack the Australian Top 40. This was a first for the duo, as each album released 'down under' enjoyed great success on the Album Charts. It was not until mid-1996, some 6 months later, that EMI Australia began to promote the album with a collection of slick TV commercials that the record-buying-masses heard about the album. Don't Bore Us then debuted in the Australian Top 20 in June 1996 and eventually peaked at #10 on the ARIA Album Charts. The greatest hits package was certified platinum and made the Top 40 for "End of Year" Best-selling albums.

The tracks "June Afternoon", "You Don't Understand Me", "She Doesn't Live Here Anymore" and "I Don't Want To Get Hurt" were newly recorded for this album. "Almost Unreal" was not previously released on a Roxette album. It was used in the 1993 movie Super Mario Bros.. "You Don't Understand Me", "June Afternoon" and "She Doesn't Live Here Anymore" were released as singles. "The Look" was released as a maxi-single in the UK. This version of "It Must Have Been Love" had also never been previously released on any Roxette album up to this point.
The lead single from the album was "You Don't Understand Me". American hit-maker Desmond Child and Gessle co-wrote that song, originally intended for submission to other artists. Impressed with the moody ballad, Per decided to keep it and asked Marie Fredriksson to record the vocals. Roxette then realised that this 'project' song would make an ideal Roxette track.[3] It was the first time that an "outsider", as described by Per Gessle, would co-write a Roxette song.



Track listings:

1. June Afternoon
2. You Don't Understand Me
3. The Look
4. Dressed for Success
5. Listen to Your Heart
6. Dangerous
7. It Must Have Been Love (from Pretty Woman (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack))
8. Joyride
9. Fading Like a Flower
10. The Big L.
11. Spending My Time
12. How Do You Do!
13. Almost Unreal (from Super Mario Bros. Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
14. Sleeping in My Car
15. Crash! Boom! Bang!
16. Vulnerable
17. She Doesn't Live Here Anymore
18. I Don't Want to Get Hurt


Please help seed these !!

Enjoy
  