POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Gov Assassins - 05 - JFK JR and RFK


POtHS says:  Who done it???   It is always the Banksters that did it.......ALWAYS

Description:
CIA Agents killed Robert Kennedy:
When the patsy, Sirhan Sirhan, most likely under the influence of scopolamine, opened fire on Robert Kennedy from the front, a CIA agent fired the kill shot at close range into the back of Kennedy's head.

The same agent who coordinated the operation and was at the scene, was later brought out of retirement to "handle" the congressional investigation into the assasination.  All 3 members of the assasination team are now dead, but many of those connected to them still hold high offices in government.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Assassination of JFK Jr.:
"A man who had been the subject of reporters all his life turned journalist in 1995 with the debut of George magazine. The motto for the publication was "not just politics as usual." Its trademark became celebrity covers; the first issue featured Cindy Crawford dressed as George Washington, sporting a bra top, white wig and tight pants.”

The plotters of 911 murdered John F. Kennedy, Jr. in anticipation of their deed to assure his silence.  John Hankey’s DVD examining the death of John F. Kennedy, Jr. is not well known in the 911 Truth community.  

At the center of this DVD sits a rock-hard proof that Kennedy, Jr. was murdered by high-ranking brass at the Pentagon.  The major institutional conspirators at the operational level in the death of JFK, Jr. are the FAA and the Air Force, just as in 911, with a crucial supporting cover-up role by the National Transportation and Safety Board and the establishment media.  The true charm and force of Hankey’s production is to juxtapose simultaneous media coverage filled with well sourced, damning hard facts – coverage that was quickly disappeared down the memory hole – with the outrageous lies trumpeted by the Pentagon and repeated by the media blasters as part of their complicity in the murder.  As the narrative takes hold, you realize that you are watching the replay of a live execution.
-----------------------------------------------------------



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:    Thank You JESUS  
 
