Bigasoft ASF Converter

Convert any media file to ASF (Advanced Systems Format)


Bigasoft ASF Converter is a simple to use ASF video converter tool which helps you easily transcode your movie files to ASF or WMV video with excellent image quality.

The powerful ASF converter supports a wide range of video formats as source including AVI, MPEG, DivX, Xvid, MOV, RM, 3GP, 3G2, QT, VOB, VCD, DV, MP4(MPEG-4), MOD, etc. Therefore, it can act as MP4 to ASF, MKV to ASF, VOB to ASF, WMV to ASF, MPG to ASF, and AVI to ASF converter as well. Bigasoft ASF Converter is also capable of to convert ASF (Advanced Systems Format) to various video formats and audio formats.

In addition, Bigasoft ASF Converter serves as audio conversion tool also. It can convert from any music files like MP3 to ASF to hear excellent songs for NBA Live with fine sound quality.

Moreover, the professional ASF conversion software can adjust video effects like video cut, trim, crop, merge, clip and so on to meet all your different needs.

Key Features:

Convert to ASF or WMV
ASF stands for Advanced System Format, which is a highly compressed file format that contains streaming video and audio. Bigasoft ASF Converter is able to transcode all your media to ASF or WMV video with excellent quality.
Watch in ASF
Converting AVI, MPEG, DivX, Xvid, MOV, RM, 3GP, 3G2, QT, VOB, VCD, DV, MP4(MPEG-4), MOD and so on to ASF is all supported by Bigasoft ASF Converter. That is to say, it may act as MP4 to ASF, MKV to ASF, WMV to ASF, VOB to ASF, MPG to ASF, and AVI to ASF converter as well.
Converting to ASF or WMA
Bigasoft ASF Converter can also convert audio files including MP3, MP2, OGG, RA, AC3, APE, CDA, etc. to ASF or WMA.
Extract music from films
The professional converter extracts music from movie file to help you hear music from music videos or films for best fun.
Watch favorite clips
With trim function, you can watch your favorite movie trailers over and over again.
Make creative movies
The versatile ASF converter can adjust video effects like video cut, trim, crop, clip and so on to help you make your unique creative movie with ease.
Take picture
Once you get one desired movie scene, take snapshot, and save as JPG, PNG or BMP to share with your friends.
More options
Have options to select frame rate, video bitrates, resolution, codec, sample rate, and so on.
Easy to use
Just drag your media; click start to convert, Bigasoft ASF Converter is very easy to use.
Pause during conversion
When converting movies, you can pause, stop and continue at any moment as you will.
Batch conversion
With the power of batch conversion, you can convert multiple files at the same time.
Fast convert ASF and convert to ASF
Bigasoft ASF Converter totally supports multi-tasking, multi-core CPU processing and NVIDIA CUDA technology which will make the ASF conversion faster than ever.
Languages for choice
English, German, French, Chinese and Japanese languages are provided in this ASF converter for you to choose.
Compatible Windows 8, Windows 7
Support all Windows including Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/asf-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.