Category: Games
Updated: Dec 29, 2012
Version: 1.3
Size: 156 MB
Languages: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish
Seller: Sega America
©SEGA. SEGA, the SEGA logo, SONIC THE HEDGEHOG and Sonic Jump are either registered trade marks or trade marks of SEGA Corporation. All rights reserved. 

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation) and iPad. Requires iOS 4.3 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.


Description

“Whether you grew up with Sonic or not, Sonic Jump is a total blast.” 4/4, Slide to Play

“The story mode and missions are the real draw… giving you a never-ending supply of reasons to keep jumping for the top.” 4/5, Digital Spy

“Sonic Jump is an enjoyable little gem that took me by surprise.” 8/10, App Gamer

“Sega has made Sonic Jump a proper standalone game well worth it for both fans, and non-fans of Sonic the Hedgehog.” 4/5, TouchGen


The original platform jumper is back as Sonic leaps up an all new vertically challenging adventure in stunning HD graphics!

Play as Sonic or his friends leaping through familiar and new Sonic worlds to battle Dr. Eggman, as you tilt and tap your way through fixed Story levels and Arcade infinite modes. Available for iPhone®, iPod® touch, iPad® and iPad® mini – take to the sky!

MULTIPLE CHARACTERS
Play as your favourite characters including Sonic, Tails & Knuckles, each with their own unique abilities.

AMAZING WORLDS
Jump across the legendary Green Hill Zone or take to new worlds including Mountain & Jungle Zones.

STORY MODE
Leap through 48 different levels on a quest to stop the evil Dr. Eggman.

ARCADE MODE
Jump until you drop in the infinite Arcade Mode, where it ends depends on how long you can jump for.

BOSS BATTLES
Fight in epic boss battles between Sonic and his arch-rival Dr. Eggman!

CHALLENGE FRIENDS
Compete against friends to see who can jump highest in Arcade Mode or set epic scores in leaderboards.

UNLOCK MORE
Collect rings as you play the game, or purchase them in store, to unlock characters, power ups and more.

COMING SOON
We are working hard to bring you more characters and new worlds in future FREE updates.
