Aiseesoft Total Video Converter Platinum

Aiseesoft Total Video Converter is the best Video Converter to help you convert video to other popular formats, such as MP4, MKV, WMV, AVI, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, FLV, 3GP, DivX, VOB and HD video etc. In addition, the Total Video Converter can also extract audios from video files and convert them to AAC, AC3, AIFF, MP3, M4V, MP2, WAV, WMA, etc. For the large-screen display users, this video converter can be suitable for the change of DPI and you can choose DPI150 to achieve the perfect effect.

Aiseesoft Total Video Converter is also multifunctional video editor software comprising functions of trimming video, cropping video playing area, watermarking video, joining video clips, etc.

-Convert any video format
-Trim, crop, merge, watermark video and adjust video effect
-User-friendly graphical interface

Key Feature of Total Video Converter

Powerful video converting software
Convert any video to all popular video formats
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter software could easily convert any video to MPEG-4, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MOV, AVI, DivX, XviD, WMV, 3GP, MKV, FLV, VOB, and HD video etc. with high speed and excellent image/sound quality. During the converting process, you can minimize the program to the system tray.
Professional audio converter
This Total Video Converter could convert audio or extract audio from video to AAC, AC3, AIFF, AMR, AU, FLAC, MP3, M4V, MP2, OGG, WAV, WMA audio formats.
Support almost all popular portable players
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter can convert all video files to iPod, iPhone (iPhone 4S), iPad (The New iPad), Zune, Blackberry, Nokia, Creative Zen, PSP, PS3, Xbox, Mobile Phone, etc.
Convert videos in batches
You are able to convert one file to different formats with only one conversion.

Edit video effect
Modify video effect
You could get your desired video quality by modifying video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, Hue and Volume. Also this Total Video Converter owns the technique to eliminate some jaggedness from the interlaced video for better viewing.
Video cutter
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter possesses “Trim” function to help you cut a clip from the original video. You can set the “Start Time” and “End Time” to define the segment.
Video cropper
The Video Converter allows you to adjust video playing area. You can also select the aspect ratio to extrude your video slightly.
Video joiner
This Video Converter enables you to combine and join multiple videos together and export a single video.
Video watermarker
With this Video Converter, you are convenient to add a watermark to your video and adjust its position and transparent. And this converter offers much richer watermark color for you to choose.

Audio track, subtitle, output settings
Create different movies and music quality
You can define video settings, such as Video Encoder, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate, Resolution, and audio settings, including Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate. As for the Resolution, if you don’t find what you want, you are available to input your own resolution in Width(pixels) * Height(pixels). All the settings can be saved in the option list of “User-Defined”.
Select audio track and subtitle
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter supplies you with audio track and subtitle choice. You can choose any audio track and subtitle for the output video.

Powerful but easy-to-use Video Converter
Preview and Snapshot
With Aiseesoft Total Video Converter, you can preview the original video and output video effect. Once you get one desired movie scene, you can take a snapshot and save it as a picture.
Highest conversion speed
This Total Video Converter could provide you with super fast conversion speed with the NVIDIA® CUDA™ and AMD APP acceleration technology, and it completely supports multi-core processor.
User-friendly graphical interface
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter offers you an entirely new "Profile" control, thumbnail in the video lists and adjustable window to fit for your screen.

System Requirements of Total Video Converter:

OS Supported: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP and Windows Vista, Windows 7
Hardware Requirements: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above; 512MB RAM or more

Homepage: http://www.aiseesoft.com/total-video-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.