PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


POtHS - Baptism Of The Holy Spirit And Fire - How To Get The Fire - Vol 3


Baptism of The Holy Spirit and Fire

How to Get The Fire - Vol 3



POtHS Comment:    We have now come upon a subject that I can voice some expertise on.  Over the Last decade I have had numerous encounters with The Supernatural. These events have been of Biblical Magnitude and include visits from Jesus, Angels and The Holy Spirit. They have also caused me to research The Holy Spirit and I have done that to a great extent. Theses stories are from me to You.

Mark 3:11   11 (The Baptist john Speaking) I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance: but he that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost, and with fire: 12Whose fan is in his hand, and he will thoroughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire.

No two encounters with Baptism of The Holy Spirit and Fire are the same. There is nothing for us to compare it with because it is a an event that is different every time it is repeated by The Holy Spirit, it is very personal and for That Moment. The only time it is the same is when The Holy Spirit comes upon a group. I was privileged enough to view my Baptism. The Holy Spirit is like living Plasma. It produces Waves of Flowing Love almost to intense to endure for to long. (Flowing waves of Love remark is from Chuck Smith). On May 6, 2006 at sunset, I received an overdose at my Baptism and POtHS were born from the experience. POtHS stands for Pouring Out the Holy Spirit of Truth. My video is called Creating an Event in Heaven. It is a chain of Events that almost seem like a test with many levels to complete. I know it sounds like a video game. Few people believe these stories of Baptism of Fire, even about 9 out 10 Christian fail to believe. When my story is told alone it sounds to incredible to be true. So I have included these high Quality Testimonials on Baptism of The Holy Spirit and Fire.

For A Baptism of The Holy Spirit and Fire to take place Jesus must ask The Father for The Baptism. For The Baptism to take place Jesus must leave this dimension for Comforter to come.  John 14:26  26 But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you.  Jesus must leave for The Comforter to come. He told his 12 disciples that. John 16:7   7Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.

Description

22 Videos on Baptism of The Holy Spirit and Fire:
Acts 2 Baptism of the Holy Spirit
Are People Still Baptized In The Holy Spirit
Baptism By Fire
Baptism by Water - Holy Spirit and Fire
Baptism in the Holy Spirit
Baptism of Fire  2
BAPTISM OF THE HOLY SPIRIT - HERB KERSTEN (Evangelist)
Baptism of the Holy Spirit - Part1
Baptism of the Holy Spirit vs. Being Filled with the HolySpirit.
Being Baptized with the Holy Spirit
Dr. James C. Hash_ Sr. - The Power of the Baptism of the Holy Spirit
Filled With the Spirit #1 - Baptism or Filling
For My Christian Friends - Blasphemy Of The Holy Spirit
How Do You Know If You're Baptized by the Holy Spirit
Pentecost and baptism in the Holy Spirit
The Baptism With the Holy Spirit
The Father's Promise
Topic - Holy Spirit - Fire Baptism.
What Is Baptism By Fire
What is Christian Baptism by Fire
WHY Baptism in the Holy Spirit
WHY YOU SHOULD RECEIVE the BAPTISM of the HOLY SPIRIT - SPEAK in TONGUES
Xtras

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  