
I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THESE FILES, I HAVE SIMPLY COLLECTED THEM AND UPLOADED THEM IN 1 FILE FOR EVERYONE TO ENJOY.  THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO UPLOADED THE ORIGINALS 


 S2, Ep1
Apr. 1, 2012 The North Remembers
Tyrion arrives at Kings Landing to take his father's place as Hand of the King. Stannis Baratheon plans to take the Iron Throne for his own. Robb tries to decide his next move in the war. The Night's Watch arrive at the house of Craster.
 
 S2, Ep2
Apr. 8, 2012 The Night Lands
Arya makes friends with Gendry. Tyrion tries to take control of the small council. Theon arrives at his home, Pyke, in order to persuade his father into helping Robb with the war. Jon tries to investigate Craster's secret.
 
 S2, Ep3
Apr. 15, 2012 What Is Dead May Never Die
Tyrion tries to see who he can trust in the small council. Catelyn visits Renly to try and persuade him to join Robb in the war. Theon must decide if his loyalties lie with his own family or with Robb.
 
 S2, Ep4
Apr. 22, 2012 Garden of Bones
Lord Baelish arrives at Renly's camp just before he faces off against Stannis. Daenerys and her company are welcomed into the city of Qarth. Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie find themselves imprisoned at Harrenhal.
 
 S2, Ep5
Apr. 29, 2012 The Ghost of Harrenhal
Renly is dead, and his army has merged with Stannis. Tyrion investigates a secret weapon that King Joffery plans to use against Stannis. Meanwhile, as a token for saving his life, Jaqen H'ghar offers to kill three people that Arya chooses.
 
 S2, Ep6
May 6, 2012 The Old Gods and the New
Theon seizes control of Winterfell. Jon captures a wildling, named Ygritte. The people of King's Landing begin to turn against King Joffery. Daenerys looks to buy ships to sail for the Seven Kingdoms.
 
 S2, Ep7
May 13, 2012 A Man Without Honor
Bran and Rickon have escaped Winterfell. Theon tries to hunt them down. Daenerys' dragons have been stolen. Jon travels through the wilderness with Ygritte as his prisoner. Sansa has bled and is now ready to have Joffery's children.
 
 S2, Ep8
May 20, 2012 The Prince of Winterfell
Stannis is just days from King's Landing. Tyrion prepares for his arrival. Jon and Qhorin are taken prisoner by the wildlings. Catelyn is arrested for releasing Jamie. Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie plan to escape from Harrenhal.
 
 S2, Ep9
May 27, 2012 Blackwater
Stannis has arrived at King's Landing. The battle has come!
 
 S2, Ep10
Jun. 3, 2012 Valar Morghulis
Joffery names Tywin the new Hand of the King. Robb marries Talisa Maegyr. Jon prepares to meet Mance Rayder. Arya says farewell to Jaqen H'ghar. Daenerys tries to rescue her dragons.
 