- Contains ALL issues War Story from issues #1-8! Published by Vertigo.

Genre: War

**I dont own or take credit for any of the content contained in this torrent, all credit goes to the creator(s) of the comic.**


#1 War Story - Johann's Tiger:

 JOHANN'S TIGER is the tale of a German Tiger tank commander and his crew. Retreating from the Russians on the Eastern Front, Johann's only goal is to find the Americans and surrender to them before he and his men get killed. But even if he can escape from the Red Army and the Nazi Secret Police, Johann can never elude his own guilt over the atrocities he's seen and committed.


#2 War Story - D-Day Dodgers:

 D-DAY DODGERS tells the story of the thousands of war-weary, and largely forgotten, young Allied soldiers fighting in the blood, dust, snow and mud of the Italian country side while the world's attention was riveted by the war in France. This action-packed and powerful story stands as moving tribute to the too-often mistreated men fighting in the trenches of any war.


#3 War Story - Screaming Eagles:

 In the waning days of the war in Europe, a battle- weary sergeant and the remnants of his decimated squad find a treasure trove of Nazi plunder and stolen luxuries the likes of which they could only dream of in the previous months of bloody fighting. But they quickly find that sometimes having it easy can test a soldier's resolve as much as the worst firefight.


#4 War Story - Nightingale:

 The crew members of the Nightingale are the only survivors of a vicious attack at sea, and they're now under the superstitious belief that they are a cursed ship ? shunned by the rest of the navy as bad luck and a "ship of the damned."


#5 War Story - The Reivers:

 THE REIVERS tells the story of an SAS (Special Forces) unit fighting Germans in the North African desert during World War II. A unit led by two young officers: Barclay, a by-the-numbers soldier who just wants the job done right, and Nixon, a reckless breakneck who seems to revel in the chaos of war. Their struggle for control of the unit ultimately determines the success or failure of their missions, and literally the life or death of the men in their charge.


#6 War Story - J for Jenny:

 The Americans bomb by day and the British by night, up to a thousand bombers at a time hitting cities like Hamburg, Bremen and Berlin, razing them all to the ground. But no matter how tough you are as a part of a bombing crew, sooner or later you find yourself wondering who is underneath you when you drop the motherload...  


#7 - War Story - Condors:

CONDORS tells the tale of four very different soldiers who all want the same thing: to win their war. As battles rage outside of Madrid, the men, each with his own world view and reasons for fighting, find themselves face-to-face with the enemy as they all take cover in the same foxhole. With little water or food and just one pistol among them, they must figure out how to survive the night...and each other.


#8 War Story - Archangel:

The final installment in Garth Ennis' latest epic look at World War II. When RAF Flight Officer Jamie McKenzie volunteered for training on the new CAMships, he didn't realize he was signing up to be the British equivalent of a kamikaze pilot! Is bad luck better than no luck at all?              