Note: I tagged each song and added its lyrics and correct album art.
Enjoy and seed, please.

---

Sarah Vaughan featuring Clifford Brown

Track listing

01    "Lullaby of Birdland" (George Shearing, George David Weiss) – 4:02
02    "April in Paris" (Vernon Duke, E.Y. "Yip" Harburg) – 6:23
03    "He's My Guy" (Gene de Paul, Don Raye) – 4:14
04    "Jim" (Caesar Petrillo, Edward Ross, Nelson Shawn) – 5:53
05    "You're Not the Kind" (Will Hudson, Irving Mills) – 4:46
06    "Embraceable You" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 4:49
07    "I'm Glad There Is You" (Jimmy Dorsey, Paul Mertz) – 5:11
08    "September Song" (Maxwell Anderson, Kurt Weill) – 5:45
19    "It's Crazy" (Dorothy Fields, Richard Rodgers) – 4:58
10    "Lullaby of Birdland" (partial alternative take) (Shearing, Weiss) – 3:59
11    "Lover Man" (Jimmy Davis, Ram Ramirez, James Sherman) – 3:19
12    "Shulie a Bop" (George Treadwell, Sarah Vaughan) – 2:45
13    "Polka Dots and Moonbeams" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) – 2:38
14    "Body and Soul" (Frank Eyton, Johnny Green, Edward Heyman, Robert Sour) – 2:54
15    "They Can't Take That Away from Me" (Gershwin, Gershwin) – 2:42
16    "You Hit the Spot" (Mack Gordon, Harry Revel) – 3:02
17    "If I Knew Then (What I Know Now)" (Eddy Howard, Dick Jurgens) – 2:34

Studio album (originally titled Sarah Vaughan) by Sarah Vaughan
Genre: Vocal jazz
Label: EmArcy
Producer: Bob Shad

Sarah Vaughan with Clifford Brown, also known as Sarah Vaughan, is a 1954 jazz album featuring Grammy Award winning singer Sarah Vaughan and influential trumpeter Clifford Brown, released on the EmArcy label. It was the only collaboration between the pair, and though originally eponymous was re-issued under a new title to emphasize the appearance of the popular trumpeter. Well received, though not without some criticism, the album was Vaughan's own favorite among her works through 1980. The album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999.
The album has been re-released on CD and LP many times, with its original nine-track listing and with an additional track. In 2005, the album was reissued under the title Complete Recordings with Clifford Brown by Lone Hill Records with 18 tracks.

Critical reception
Sarah Vaughan with Clifford Brown was overwhelmingly a critical success. In Bebop: The Best Musicians and Recordings, jazz commentator Scott Yanow notes simply of the album that "[e]verything works", making of it an "essential acquisition". Ink Blot Magazine, characterizing this as one of Vaughan's "jazziest" albums, describes it also as one of her greatest. In its review, All Music states that "Vaughan is arguably in the best voice of her career here" and praises Brown for "displaying his incredible bop virtuosity", indicating that "[i]n whichever incarnation it's reissued, Sarah Vaughan With Clifford Brown is one of the most important jazz-meets-vocal sessions ever recorded". The Blackwell Guide to Recorded Jazz, also praising Brown's "brilliant" trumpeting, delves into Vaughan's vocal stylings in detail, encouraging listeners of the album to note how "sometimes she stretches out a song so deliberately and so reconfigures its melody, that the lyrics lose sense, linguistic phrasing having been replaced by musical phrasing". Blackwell author Barry Dean Kernfeld opines that "[i]t is perhaps this pure devotion to the exploration of sound that has made her such a favourite of jazz listeners". In Jazz: A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Recordings, New York Times jazz commentator Ben Ratliff placed the album as among Vaughan's best, indicating that the recording session seemed among those blessed sessions where "even middle-level musicians can sound like gods". The Penguin Guide to Jazz selected this album as part of its suggested "Core Collection," stating "it is very difficult to find any flaw in what should be recognized as one of the great jazz vocal records," and awarded it "crown" status.
But even while praising the album, some critics found elements of fault. Ratliff expresses distaste for the album's "shizy moments, when...[Vaughan] rockets between hoity-toity...and so blues-singer earthy, in certain low-register moments, that she approaches vulgarity". Kernfeld suggests that Herbie Mann is a weak element amongst the otherwise strong ensemble, "completely overmatched".

Personnel

Performance
    Sarah Vaughan – vocals
    Clifford Brown – trumpet
    Paul Quinichette – tenor saxophone
    Herbie Mann – flute
    Jimmy Jones – piano
    Joe Benjamin – bass
    Roy Haynes – drums, snare drum
    Ernie Wilkins – conductor
    John Malachi - piano (on Shulie a Bop)

Production
    Robert Appleton – reissue design
    Michael Bourne – liner notes
    William Claxton – photography
    Ken Druker – executive producer
    Ellen Fitton – reissue mastering
    Peter Keepnews – notes editing
    Hollis King – reissue art director
    Bryan Koniarz – reissue producer
    Kiyoshi "Boxman" Koyama – research
    Herman Leonard – reissue photography
    Paul Ramey – CD preparation
    Richard Seidel – CD preparation
    Bob Shad – producer
    Mark Smith – reissue production assistance
    Sherniece Smith – art coordinator
    Kiyoshi Tokiwa – remixing, research
    Michael Ullman – liner notes
    Ernie Wilkins – arranger
