Title: Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel Series

Author: Michael Scott

Book(s): 8 (Original 6 + 2 Short Stories)

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Fantasy, Adventure, Paranormal, Action

Summary:

He holds the secret that can end the world.

The truth: Nicholas Flamel was born in Paris on September 28, 1330. Nearly 700 years later, he is acknowledged as the greatest Alchemyst of his day. It is said that he discovered the secret of eternal life.

The records show that he died in 1418.

But his tomb is empty.

The legend: Nicholas Flamel lives. But only because he has been making the elixir of life for centuries. The secret of eternal life is hidden within the book he protectsΓÇöthe Book of Abraham the Mage. It's the most powerful book that has ever existed. In the wrong hands, it will destroy the world. That's exactly what Dr. John Dee plans to do when he steals it. Humankind won't know what's happening until it's too late. And if the prophecy is right, Sophie and Josh Newman are the only ones with the power to save the world as we know it.

Sometimes legends are true.

And Sophie and Josh Newman are about to find themselves in the middle of the greatest legend of all time. - Goodreads Summary of The Alchemyst (Secrets of the Immortal #1)

Note: Recommendable for everybody, but mainly target towards a young adult audience. An excellent read and even more enjoyable for those who enjoy their entire view of the world and it's history being shaken by their very roots, many different reviews but give it a try, quite an entertainer!

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Covers: Yes

Metadata: Yes

RELOADED: This torrent is a reload of the original for the purpose that it had belonged to the first generation of torrents MastermindTTA had uploaded. It lacked quality, and this torrent is improved with new covers, included good metadata and a [helpful] readme file. Enjoy!

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!