CloneDVD 6.0.3.6 ΓÇöΓÇö Copy and Backup Any DVD Easily 
(latest release from january 16,2013)


CloneDVD is all-in-one and easiest-to-use DVD copy software, which enables even the novice users to copy, burn, decrypt, and rip any DVD for easy and convenient movie enjoyments anywhere at anytime. It allows you to burn DVD to a blank DVD disk, copy DVD to ISO files onto hard drive by one or two mouse clicks, or rip DVD to iPhone, iPad, iPod and other portable entertainment devices with incredible speed and superior quality.

This powerful DVD copy software can decrypt and clone any DVD by removing all known copy protections (CSS, CPPM, RCE, RC, APS, UOPs, ARccOS, RipGuard etc), thus makes your DVD copy region free. 


Clone DVD in perfect 1:1 ratio
Copy DVD to DVD, DVD 9 to DVD 9, DVD 5 to DVD 5 without any loss
Split DVD 9 to 2 DVD 5 as its original
Transfer DVD to ISO file, DVD to hard drive for better viewing or future burning


Decrypt all copy protections 
Decrypt DVDs on the fly so you can copy or burn DVD movies from anywhere in the world
Remove restrictions and region code from DVDs
Update unceasingly to copy the latest DVD movies with new copy protections


Convert DVD for iPad/iPhone
Convert or rip DVD movies to any popular video formats like MP4, 3GP, AVI, ASF with 1 click on mouse
Exact audio from DVDs& save as MP2, MP3, AAC, AC3 
Support iPad,iPad 2, the New iPad, iPhone, iPhone 5, iPod &iPod Touch, Apple TV, PSP, cell phones, etc. 


Edit DVD for Perfect Playback
Edit DVD files: trim, crop,merge
Apply watermark & subtitle
Adjust brightness, contrast, hue, saturation
Add iPad ( iPad 2 & the New iPad),all iPhones

-----------------------------------------------------

as usual go offline to avoid server checker... 
run setup exe and start program for its first time.
Go to menu setting option and search for disable "check new update"
afterwards close program now.
extract dll to matching path Inside DVD X Studios folder,replace,accept and confirm it.
You are ok,restart program and check if all is ok.
You get now full retail and therefore you can reconnect normaly to internet so.

enjoy and seed,please.
Best regards