A collection of short, simple explaining how things in govt and society really work.

Annie Leonard founded the non-profit Story of Stuff Project in 2008 to respond to tens of thousands of viewer requests for more information and ways to get involved. We create short, easily shareable online movies that explore some of the key features of our relationship with Stuff—including how we can make things better; we provide high quality educational resources and programs to everyone from teachers and people of faith to business and community leaders; and we support the learning and action of the over 350,000 members of the Story of Stuff community.

The Story of Stuff Project is proud to be fiscally sponsored by San Francisco’s Tides Center. We are supported by grants from private and public foundations, revenue from speaking appearances and DVD and book sales, and contributions from people like you.

The Story of Stuff

Over 15 million views!

Released December 2007

All the Stuff in our lives affects communities at home and abroad, yet most of this is hidden from view. The Story of Stuff is a 20-minute, fast-paced, fact-filled look at the underside of our production and consumption patterns, from its extraction to sale, use and disposal. The Story of Stuff exposes the connections between environmental and social issues all around us and calls us together to create a more sustainable and just world.

 
The Story of Broke
Why There’s Still Plenty of Money to Build a Better Future
Over 280,000 views!

Released November 8, 2011

The United States isn’t broke; we’re the richest country on the planet and a country in which the richest among us are doing exceptionally well. But the truth is, our economy is broken, producing more pollution, greenhouse gasses and garbage than any other country. In these and so many other ways, it just isn’t working. But rather than invest in something better, we continue to keep this ‘dinosaur economy’ on life support with hundreds of billions of dollars of our tax money. The Story of Broke calls for a shift in government spending toward investments in clean, green solutions—renewable energy, safer chemicals and materials, zero waste and more—that can deliver jobs AND a healthier environment. It’s time to rebuild the American Dream; but this time, let’s build it better.

 
The Story of Citizens United v. FEC

Why Democracy Only Works When People are in Charge
Over 430,000 views!

Released March 1, 2011

The Story of Citizens United v. FEC explores the history of the American corporation and corporate political spending, the appropriate roles of citizens and for-profit corporations in a democracy and the toxic impact the Citizens United v. FEC decision is having on our political process. It ends with a call to amend the U.S. constitution to confirm that people―not corporations―make the decisions in a democracy.

 
The Story of Electronics

Why “Designed for the Dump” is Toxic for People and the Planet
Over 675,000 views!

Released November 9, 2010

The Story of Electronics explores the high-tech revolution’s collateral damage―25 million tons of e-waste and counting, poisoned workers and a public left holding the bill. Annie takes viewers from the mines and factories where our gadgets begin to the horrific backyard recycling shops in China where many end up.

 
The Story of Cosmetics

The Ugly Truth of “Toxics In, Toxics Out”
Over 1.1 million views!

Released July 21, 2010

The Story of Cosmetics examines the pervasive use of toxic chemicals in our everyday personal care products, from lipstick to baby shampoo. The seven-minute film reveals the implications for consumer and worker health and the environment and outlines ways we can move the industry away from hazardous chemicals and towards safer alternatives.

 

 
The Story of Bottled Water

How “Manufactured Demand” Pushes What We Don’t Need and Destroys What We Need Most
Over 2.9 million views!

Released March 22, 2010 (World Water Day)

The Story of Bottled Water tells the story of manufactured demand―how you get Americans to buy more than half a billion bottles of water every week when it already flows from the tap. Over five minutes, the film explores the bottled water industry’s attacks on tap water and its use of seductive, environmental-themed advertising to cover up the mountains of plastic waste it produces.

 
The Story of Cap & Trade

Why You Can’t Solve a Problem with the Thinking that Created It
Over 1 million views!

Released December 3, 2009

The Story of Cap & Trade offers a look at the leading climate solution being discussed at Copenhagen and on Capitol Hill. Annie introduces the energy traders and Wall Street financiers at the heart of this scheme and reveals the “devils in the details” in current cap and trade proposals: free permits to big polluters, fake offsets and distraction from whats really required to tackle the climate crisis. If you’ve heard about Cap & Trade, but aren’t sure how it works (or who benefits), this is the film is for you.


 The Story of Change

Can shopping save the world? The Story of Change urges viewers to put down their credit cards and start exercising their citizen muscles to build a more sustainable, just and fulfilling world.