Artisteer - Automated Web Designer

Artisteer 4.1 for Windows is finally here! We'd like to thank everyone who helped us test and prepare this version for today's release. 
  Artisteer 4.1 for Windows (4.1.0.59861)


The final version 4.1 also includes final fixes for minor issues reported in previous Beta versions.

For those new to Artisteer 4.1, the new features in Artisteer version 4.1 include:
Styling pages for previewing typography and control design. This feature makes Artisteer focused on template design, while making page design available optionally for users who also want to use Artisteer for creating content for their website.
 Ability to set forms for shapes and images in the Header.
Custom Position control in the Header for Joomla, WordPress and Drupal.
Styles for comments for WordPress, Blogger and Drupal.
 Export Positions by Content Layout cells in Footer for Joomla and WordPress.
 Styles for the navigator in blog posts for Joomla, WordPress and Drupal, and in comments for WordPress and Drupal.
 Styles for two social icons:and Twitter in the Header and Content.
 Ability to open menus without reloading the page (in responsive menus).
 Support for DotNetNuke 7.
Support Joomla 3.0.

Top 10 reasons to use Artisteer

Generate cool Web design ideas.
Adjust generated designs to create great looking Web and Blog templates.
Create perfectly correct, validated HTML and CSS that conform to Web standards.
You don't need to learn Photoshop, CSS, HTML and other Web technologies to create great looking designs, including images and buttons.
If you are a Web designer, generate ideas, prototypes and quick Websites for your clients and friends.
Choose and use many included design elements, from backgrounds to photo objects and buttons.
Automatically solve problems with image aliasing, Web browser compatibility and other details requiring time and knowledge.
Learn how to create professional HTML and CSS code.
Save money on Wordpress Themes and Web design templates.
If you don't have the time, hire your kids to create great looking web design for you.

With Artisteer YOU immediately become a Web design expert, editing and slicing graphics, coding XHTML and CSS, and creating Web Design Templates, Joomla templates, Drupal themes, Wordpress themes, DotNetNuke skins, and Blogger templates all in minutes, without Photoshop or Dreamweaver, and no technical skills.

╨₧S: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8
 
http://www.artisteer.com/
 
http://www.artisteer.com/?p=screenshots

 
https://www.virustotal.com/en/file/73b32034ac22e88a2d851da9b640a8fae2505a742b4386e80ac95a1c133b2383/analysis/

