Boxer - Below The Belt [1975][2012][RMSTD]





01 Shooting Star
02 All The Time In The World
03 California Calling
04 Hip Kiss
05 More Than Meets The Eye
06 Waiting For A Miracle
07 Loony Ali
08 Save Me
09 Gonna Work Out Fine
10 Town Drunk [Bonus Track]
11 Don't Wait [Single B-Side]





320 KBPS

Cover Art




I converted this from A FLAC file The our "Anonymous" friend uploaded.  Thanks to that person for the original upoad.





From Wikipedia:


Boxer was a rock band formed by keyboardist Mike Patto and guitarist Ollie Halsall in 1975. They signed to Virgin and three albums followed, Below the Belt (1975), Absolutely (1977) and Bloodletting (1979), which also featured Bobby Tench and Boz Burrell. The band dissolved after Absolutely when Patto became ill.

The band was managed by Nigel Thomas who secured a five album deal over five years with CBS, reputed to have been worth ┬ú1.2 million and was never fully executed due to Patto's death on 4 March 1979. During a six-year period Boxer also toured the US and Europe.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Below the Belt was the debut album by Boxer, released on the Virgin label in January 1976. The album attracted less attention for its music than for its cover art. Photographed by Alex Henderson with graphics by Richard Evans, the cover featured model Stephanie Marrian spreadeagled and naked but for a pair of shoes, with a man's arm reaching up between her legs and his boxing-gloved hand hiding her genitalia. The back cover at first showed Stephanie in complete full-frontal nudity, but later pressings covered her up with the band's belt-styled logo. The cover was completely re-designed for the US market using the band photo from the inside of the UK gatefold cover. The lineup of this album is based around a live show quartet with keyboardist Chris Stainton brought in during the recording sessions.




Keith Ellis - Bass
Ollie Halsall - Guitar and Keyboards
Tony Newman - Drums
Mike Patto - Keyboards and Vocals
Chris Stainton - Keyboards
