X-Men: Fall of the Mutants Omnibus ... 816 pages ...
Do I even have to say it? All credit goes to Syl3ntBob from the Minutemen!!

------

From Wikipedia, with corrections:

"The Fall of the Mutants" was a 1988 crossover event by Marvel Comics. It spanned three issues each of The Uncanny X-Men (#225ΓÇô227), X-Factor (#24ΓÇô26), and The New Mutants (#59ΓÇô61); unlike most crossovers however, the various titles' storylines did not intertwine, but were instead linked thematically as each team underwent major ordeals and drastic changes in their status quo.

Marvel Comics used a novel approach in advertising the crossover event. A major element within the stories at the time was the public's growing concern over the "mutant menace" and Senator Robert Kelly's proposed Mutant Registration Act, which foreshadowed the dystopian future shown in "Days of Future Past". Marvel distributed postcard-size mock advertisements supporting the act in comic book stores and printed them in various titles cover-dated November 1987. Asking "Do You Know What Your Children Are?", the card further suggested that anyone who knew themselves to be a mutant should fill out the form on the back and mail it in to register themselves with the United States government.

"The Fall of the Mutants" features three separate non-intersecting storylines:

Uncanny X-Men

Storm travels to Dallas, Texas, home of the mutant inventor Forge who she hopes can restore her powers. Finding the skyscraper derelict and Forge gone, she is persuaded by Forge's mentor, the shaman Naze, to go on a spiritual quest to find Forge. Unbeknownst to Storm, Naze is possessed by The Adversary, a primordial trickster god. Meanwhile, the X-men receive a warning from the precognitive Destiny that their lives will be in danger if they go to Dallas, and that the fate of the world may hang in the balance. Arriving in Dallas, reality soon begins to warp in the area around them, with the sun coming out at night ...

The Adversary intends to wipe out all life on Earth and start over again in another universe. The X-men assault the Adversary's fortress and manage to almost push him through a dimensional portal. However, Forge informs them that to truly defeat the Adversary, nine people will need to sacrifice their lives... The X-Men and Madelyne Pryor volunteer their lives ... with the fight broadcast on television, the world watches the X-Men die.

X-Factor

X-Factor is transported to the Ship of the villain Apocalypse. Offering them a place by his side in his evolutionary war against humans, they refuse, and a battle ensues between X-Factor and his Four Horsemen. The horseman Death then reveals himself to be their former teammate Angel, thought dead and now remade in Apocalypse's image with deadly, razor-sharp wings. He quickly defeats the team and they are restrained save for Caliban, who surrenders himself to Apocalypse in return for powers like Death. Apocalypse then unleashes his Horsemen on New York City and forces the heroes to watch ...

The New Mutants

The New Mutants head off to visit their friend Bird-Brain on his remote island. There they discover that Bird-Brain's creator, the Ani-Mator, is creating more semi-sentient creatures (the Ani-Mates), which he mistreats and experiments on. As the team attempts to free them, the anti-mutant organization known as the Right tracks them down and attacks. During the three-pronged battle, Cypher is shot and killed, taking a bullet meant for Wolfsbane ... 

A number of other Marvel comic books were "Fall of the Mutants" Tie-Ins:

Captain America #339

As a reward for defeating Marvel Girl, Apocalypse teleports his Horseman Famine to the American midwest to destroy its crops and cattle with her life-draining powers ... The Captain, Nomad, Falcon and D-Man try to bring an end to her attack.

Daredevil #252

Apocalypse's attack on New York City brings chaos and looting to its streets, with many citizens thinking a nuclear attack has occurred. Daredevil and the Black Widow do their part to restore order.

Power Pack #35

The children of Power Pack become involved in the chaos of Apocalypse's attack on the city and come into conflict with the Horseman Pestilence. Pestilence dies when part of the Empire State Building falls on her, but not before she infects Katie Power ...

Fantastic Four #312

X-Factor must help the Fantastic Four defeat Doctor Doom.

Incredible Hulk #340

Wolverine fights the Hulk while the X-Men are flying in their Blackbird to Dallas. 

Collected editions

The storyline was collected into a trade paperback:
Fall of the Mutants (272 pages, February 2002, ISBN 0-7851-0825-4)

And later collected into an Omnibus hardcover:
X-Men: Fall of the Mutants Omnibus (824 pages, May 2011, ISBN 0-7851-5312-8), collects New Mutants (1983-1991 series) #55-61, Uncanny X-Men #220-227, X-Factor (1986-1998 series) #18-26, Captain America (1968-1996 series) #339, Daredevil (1964-1998 series) #252, Fantastic Four (1961-1996 series) #312, Incredible Hulk (1962-1999 series) #336-337 and 340 and Power Pack (1984-1991 series) #35.

------

Please seed whenever you can and enjoy!