Avira System Speedup

Unleash the power you didn’t know your PC had. Has your computer slowed down over time? Give it maintenance, not patience! Your PC’s best days are still yet to come. Clean it up. Tune it up. Free your PC to perform at its best! Throughout its life, your PC accumulates programs, logs, junk files, cookies and other scraps that stick around long after they are needed. All they really do is weigh down your memory and processor.

Maybe you’ve already tried deleting unwanted files but got no relief from the persistent slowness of your PC. That’s because you haven’t reached the glut of temporary files, bad Registry entries and runaway processes beneath the surface.

Avira System Speedup boldly goes where no user can, safely and thoroughly removing unused programs and files, optimizing Windows to bring back the fast, error-free performance you deserve!

Features:

Lightens your computer’s load
The System Cleanup module includes a complete set of tools that swiftly and safely clear out PC clutter. Recover significant amounts of wasted space with a Junk Files Cleaner, Registry Cleaner and Smart Defragmenter. Activate the Privacy Cleaner to clear out the data downloaded in your everyday web browsing.

Goes to the source of slowness, freezes and crashes
All PCs must run a number of processes behind the scenes. As new applications are added, background activity can grow chaotic, resulting in errors and hanging. The System Optimizer, complete with a Process Manager and Service Manager, puts wayward PC processes back on track. The Startup Manager speeds up boot time by limiting the number of tasks performed while Windows loads.

Leaves no souvenirs of the past
It’s your PC—you should have the final word as to which files can be accessed by others. File Encryption keeps current files on lockdown against prying eyes, while the File Shredder and Disk Wiper ensure that deleted items cannot be recovered. The Uninstaller allows no remnants of removed applications to waste space on your machine or cause errors in the future.

Thoroughly inspects your PC’s health
No appointment is necessary to have the Disk Doctor find, diagnose and repair hard disk errors. The Disk Analyzer checks for opportunities to improve disk space usage. For preventive care, the Drivers monitor keeps track of the software that links your operating system to your hardware, reducing the risk of hardware failure.

System Requirements:

Operating Systems: Windows 7 (32-bit or 64-bit), Windows Vista (32-bit or 64-bit), Windows XP (32-bit)
Processor: 300 MHz processor or higher
Memory: Min. 256 MB RAM
Hard Disk: Min. 12 MB available disk space

Homepage: http://www.avira.com/en/avira-system-speedup

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Run " Regme" and merge it to System Registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
