Tiger Lillies - 2004 - Death And The Bible

We like songs about Death, and we like songs about Christanity, so logically we HAD to make this album. Recorded in Hamburg in 2001 and with guest musicians who played on The Sea and with Tom Waits and Lou Reed, this cd has many odd, exotic intruments such as pump organs, celestes and whistles among others. 18 songs of religion and mortality on one album, our 15th studio album finds us walking hand in hand with Death and Jesus.
Review by David McComb of Bizare Magazine

Recorded around the same time as their moody epic The Sea, Death And The Bible is a world away from the gleeful perversity and kinky stompers of the Lillies’ last album Punch & Judy, instead finding the twisted trio in a more sombre and reflective mood.
As the title suggests, Death... focuses on the band’s favourite themes of decline and religion, from the tragic subject of Incontinent who wishes for death to escape the body that is rebelling against him, to Mary Magdalena who shagged Roman centurions, fishermen, thieves and even "had that Jesus Christ".
While the record isn’t nearly as much fun as Punch… or the Lillies’early albums, Death… nonetheless creates a dark, melancholy atmosphere and beautifully captures the mood of seeing the band play live (without the inflatable sheep, pig masks or greasepaint, of course). (tigerlillies.com)

Track list:
01 - Incontinent
02 - Bleeding Hands Of Jesus
03 - Scars
04 - Bleeding
05 - Fairground
06 - Thieves
07 - Graveside
08 - Mary Magdelene
09 - Strawberry Jam
10 - Satan
11 - Meat
12 - Purgatory
13 - Neon
14 - Judas
15 - In My Hearse
16 - Mourn
17 - Green Hill
18 - Die

Credits:
Recorded at O Ton Studio Hamburg December 2001
Engineered by Stephan Wulff
Mixed at Wolf Studio London January 2002 by Dominique Brethes
All Songs Written by Martyn Jaques except
“Bleeding Hands Of Jesus” and “Green Hill” ( Traditional )
Published: Misery Guts Music
Tiger Lillies:
Adrian Huge: Toys and Percussion Instruments
Martyn Jaques: Vocals / Stringed and Keyboard Instruments
Adrian Stout: Double Bass / Stringed Instruments and Saw
Guests:
H. J. Brandenburg: Keyboard Instruments
Heinrich Dagefoer: Stringed Instruments
Frank Wulff: Stringed and Wind Instruments
Photography & Design bLUE

Enjoy and share! 