Winthrop Sargeant, trans. - The Bhagavad Gita (SUNY Press, 2009). 739 pages.

This is a new version of a file that can be found as part of this torrent:
 
http://thepiratebay.sx/torrent/7975418

I've reprocessed all the page images, trimmed the margins down, processed the results with clearscan, and made other improvements. 


description:

An interlinear edition of the spiritual classic that provides devanagari, transliterated Sanskrit, and English versions of the Gita.

From the Back Cover

For years, this edition of the Bhagavad Gita has allowed all those with a lively interest in this spiritual classic to come into direct contact with the richness and resonance of the original text. Winthrop Sargeant's interlinear edition provides a word-for-word English translation along with the devanagari characters and the transliterated Sanskrit. Detailed grammatical commentary and page-by-page vocabularies are included, and a complete translation of each section is printed at the bottom of each page, allowing readers to turn the pages and appreciate the work in Sargeant's translation as well. Discussions of the language and setting of the Gita are provided and, in this new edition, editor Christopher Key Chapple offers guidance on how to get the most out of this interlinear edition. Long a favorite of spiritual seekers and scholars, teachers and students, and lovers of world literature, Sargeant's edition endures as a great resource for twenty-first-century readers.

Praise for this Classic Translation

"Mr. Sargeant must be congratulated on his `labor of love.' One of the masterpieces of Indian--and human--religious genius has been made accessible in all its splendid and profound complexity." -- Mircea Eliade

"Winthrop Sargeant furnishes not only a masterly translation and concisely informative introductions and notes, but also a transliteration of the original text. This makes it possible for the newcomer to perceive and enjoy the sound of the original, which in India has always been given enormous and almost magical importance." -- The New Yorker

"If you don't know Sanskrit but you still want to come to grips with the Gita in its original language, then this is the version for you." -- Yoga Journal

"There is no other Sanskrit text available to the English-language reader that can compare to this one in comprehensiveness of linguistic material." -- Philosophy East and West