Artist: Arliss Nancy
Release: Simple Machines
Released: 2012
Label: Gunner Records
Catalog#: GnR57
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
Country: Germany
Style: Americana,punk,rock


01. The Crease
02. Pages
03. Saint Forgot
04. Should've Been There
05. Front Seat
06. Failure
07. Little Steve
08. GB: The True Story
09. Mountain State
10. 40s
11. The Carry

For a band that, for the most part, had nothing more than a free album and an EP out, I’ve jumped on these guys’ bandwagon, moved to the front row and bought the fucking t-shirt. I’ve called them your new favorite band, one of the brightest up and coming spots in this genre, and even insinuated that Two Cow might wanna watch their back when it comes to these kids. High praise, no doubt but about 3 months ago, when I got my copy of Simple Machines I immediately knew that the rain of praise from the 9b camp wasn’t only high, it was wholly accurate.

For months I’ve been chomping at the bit to tell y’all about this album and how incredibly awesome it is and now that it’s out….I’m at a loss. What do I say that I haven’t already repeated ad nauseum on twitter andI mean, how many times can I say that if you’re a fan of Two Cow Garage you absolutely have to get this cd?

That raw edge that Dance To Forget and Truckstop Roses (both are available for free here and here) had has definitely been dialed down a little with Simple Machines, but that’s more a result of studio production than a softening band. Everything else about Simple Machines is spot-fucking-on. Including the incredibly well timed cameos of other 9b faves such as Two Cow’s Micah, Drag The River’s Snodgrass and Lizzie Huffman’s Lizzie.

So that’s it. I ain’t got nothing else to say. If you like that punky, rocky, Southerny rock and roll thing, then meet Arliss Nancy, they’re one of your new favorite bands. Simple Machines is an album I’ll talk about again come year end lists. Simple Machines is an album I’ll still be listening to a year from now. Simple Machines is Essential Listening.