




 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


When The SHTF 2 - SURVIVAL for 2013
Volume 2
Woodsmaster Survival Skills



There comes a Time in Life when you realize the most traveled Path may not be the Best Path to Escape the dEvil on.

POtHS 2 - When The SHTF 2 - SURVIVAL for 2013 Vol 2 - WoodsMaster Survival Skills

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment: When the Time comes to Head for The Hills. You need to be ready to leave town with everything you need in 10 minutes.

Description:  

Woodsmaster's Survival Videos

1.  Woodmaster 1: Spark Based Fire Starting

2.  Woodsmaster 2: Shelter and Priorities

3.  Woodsmaster 3: Survival Kits

4.  Woodsmaster 4: Travel and Navigation

5.  Woodsmaster 5: Traps and Trapping

6.  Woodsmaster 6: Primitive Weapons

7.  Woodsmaster 7: Jungle Living Skills

8.  Woodsmaster 8: Tracking

9.  Woodsmaster 9: Primitive Knifemaking

10.  Woodsmaster 10: Survival Camping

11.  Woodmaster 11: Solo Survival Skills

12.  Woodmaster 12: Vehicle Survival Skills



This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      thankyou    thankyou     Thank You JESUS

 
