Cinema Italiano: The Complete Guide from Classics to Cult
by Howard Hughes
I. B. Tauris | August 2011 | ISBN-10: 1848856083 | PDF | 320 pages | 10 mb

Uncovering a treasure trove of Italian films from The Leopard to Puma Man - Italian filmmakers have created some of the most magical and moving, violent and controversial films in world cinema. During its twentieth-century heyday, Italy's film industry was second only to Hollywood as a popular film factory, exporting cinematic dreams worldwide. With international finance and multinational stars, Italian filmmakers tackled myriad genres with equal gusto and in inimitable style. Cinema Italiano is the first book to discuss comprehensively both Italian 'popular' and 'arthouse' cinema of this golden age.
Appraising over 400 movies, Cinema Italiano unearths the best of Italian cinema. Dario Argento's 'gialli' thrillers and Sergio Leone's spaghetti westerns are explored alongside the best films of Luchino Visconti, Federico Fellini, Pier Paolo Pasolini and Michelangelo Antonioni.
Chapters discuss the rise and fall of genres such as mythological epics, gothic horrors, science-fiction, spy films, war movies, costume adventures, zombie films, swashbucklers, political cinema, spaghetti westerns and 'poliziotteschi' crime films.
The book also traces the directorial careers and key films of such luminaries as Mario Bava, Sergio Corbucci, Francesco Rosi, Lucio Fulci, Duccio Tessari, Enzo G. Castellari, Bernardo Bertolucci and Gillo Pontecorvo. An essential guide for DVD and video collectors and aficionados alike, it is illustrated throughout with rare stills and international posters from this revered era in world cinema.
Films include: La dolce vita, Hercules Conquers Atlantis, The Leopard, The Terror of Dr Hichcock, Contempt, The Gospel According to St Matthew, Castle of Blood, Fists in the Pocket, Django, Battle of Algiers, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Blowup, Diabolik, The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, The Conformist, They Call Me Trinity, Violent City, The Marseilles Connection, Illustrious Corpses, Suspiria, The Big Silence, The Mask of Satan, Maciste in Hell, Blood and Black Lace, Hercules Against the Moon Men, The Last Man on Earth, The Wild, Wild Planet, Special Mission Lady Chaplin, Django Kill!, Fellini Satyricon, Deep Red, Sons of Thunder, Tentacles, The Inglorious Bastards, Zombie Flesh Eaters, Puma Man, 1990: Bronx Warriors, 8┬╜, Once Upon a Time in the West, L'Avventura, Black Sabbath, Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion.

About the Author
Filmwriter Howard Hughes is the author of 'Aim for the Heart: The Films of Clint Eastwood' and of the 'Filmgoers Guides: 'Stagecoach to Tombstone: The Filmgoers' Guide to the Great Westerns'; 'Crime Wave: The Filmgoers' Guide to the Great Crime Movies'; and 'Once Upon a Time in the Italian West: The Filmgoers' to Spaghetti Westerns', all published by I.B. Tauris. He is also the author of the 'Filmgoers' Guide Blog' and has written the 'Pocket Esential History Guide to The American Indian Wars', the 'Kamera Guide to Spaghetti Westerns' and is a regular contributor to the film magazine 'Cinema Retro'.

CONTENTS
Art and Artifice: An Introduction to Italian Cinema IX
Acknowledgements XV
Chapter One Hercules Conquers the Box Office: Mythological Epics 1
Chapter Two Historical Escapades, High Seas and Low B's: Costume Adventures 29
Chapter Three Fall of the Empire: Sword and Sandal Spectacles 49
Chapter Four Tales from the Tomb: Gothic Horrors 77
Chapter Five Battle of the Worlds: Science Fact and Fiction 101
Chapter Six Vita All'Italiana: Love and Death 119
Chapter Seven Shoot, Gringo ... Shoot!: Italian Westerns 143
Chapter Eight Passports to Hell: Euro Crime and Crimebusters 167
Chapter Nine Anarchy and Allegory: Political Cinema 191
Chapter Ten Mission Improbable: World War II Movies 209
Chapter Eleven Knives in the Dark: Gialli Thrillers 223
Chapter Twelve A Funny Thing Happened: Italian Comedy 245
Chapter Thirteen Splats Entertainment: Italian Cinema Eats Itself 267
Bibliography and Sources 297
Index of Key Directors 301
Index of Film Titles 303