This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Bobby Vee - I Remember Buddy Holly (1963) [1992]
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51H8O82ythL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
Has cover art only.
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by John Bush):

He launched his career as a fill-in for the recently deceased Buddy Holly, Bobby Vee scored several pop hits during the early '60s, that notorious period of popular music sandwiched between the birth of rock & roll and the rise of the British Invasion. Though a few of his singles -- "Rubber Ball," for one -- were as innocuous as anything else from the era, Vee had a knack for infectious Brill Building pop, thanks to his ebullient voice as well as the cadre of songwriters standing behind him.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/bobby-vee-p5750/biography

All Music Album Review (by Bruce Eder):

Bobby Vee first rose to fame by stepping in to take over playing a gig that Buddy Holly was to have played on February 3, 1959, following Holly's death; ever since, Vee's had a close association with Holly's music to varying degrees, a connection helped in part by their similar voices and Vee's link-up musically with producer Snuff Garrett, who deliberately chose to give Vee's early records a sound that followed on from the pop/rock that Holly was doing in those final weeks of his life. So the original 12-song LP version of I Remember Buddy Holly was an almost inevitable development -- that it holds up as well as it does is a tribute to Vee's underrated vocal ability and Garrett's killer production work, which successfully encompasses pop/rock, rockabilly, straight-ahead rock & roll, and some surprisingly sophisticated balladry. The original 12 songs have been almost doubled up, the extra material comprised of relevant single sides and other rare artifacts from Vee's discography plus a brace of outtakes, all of them first-rate. Vee's own style was naturally similar to Holly's, so the repertory comes naturally to him in terms of how it fits, and he adds enough of his own attributes that the record or the CD aren't a case of grave-robbing but a genuine celebration of a sound and the man behind it.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/i-remember-buddy-holly-r21071/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000008LYR

Track List:

01. That'll Be The Day (Version 1)
02. It Doesn't Matter Anymore
03. Peggy Sue (Previously Unissued Alternate Version)
04. True Love Ways
05. It's So Easy
06. Heartbeat
07. Oh, Boy!
08. Raining In My Heart
09. Think It Over
10. Maybe Baby
11. Early In The Morning
12. Buddy's Song
13. Wishing (Previously Unissued Version 1)
14. Measure My Love (Previously Unissued)
15. Everyday (Previously Unissued Alternate Version)
16. Love's Made A Fool Of You
17. Mr. And Mrs. (Previously Unissued)
18. Forget Me Not
19. That'll Be The Day (Version 2)
20. White Silver Sands (Previously Unissued)
21. Wishing (Previously Unissued Version 2)
22. Well... All Right (1977 Version)
