This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2008.


Petula Clark - The EP Collection (1990)
 
http://www.petulaclark.net/discography/cd9290/ep1.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 6 page folder.)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

The most commercially successful female singer in British chart history, Petula Clark was born November 15, 1932 in Epsom, England. Trained to sing by her soprano mother, Clark embarked on a stage career at the age of seven; soon she was a fixture on British radio programs, and began hosting her own regular show Pet's Parlour -- a series spotlighting patriotic songs designed to boost the morale of wartime audiences -- at the tender age of 11. ...

To read the entire bio: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:fifqxqw5ldte~T1

All Music Album Review:

This 29-song EP, clocking in at 77 minutes, is more generously programmed than any other collection of Petula Clark's hits, and it may well delight fans of Clark's voice. On the other hand, those who are admirers of the sound of Clark's familiar mid- to late-1960s' hits may find it rough sailing, because half the material on this disc predates the advent of that part of her career, when Clark was still an adult pop singer in the Doris Day or Rosemary Clooney mold. For real fans, however, it is a veritable celebration of her voice in all of its guises, from 1956's "With Your Love" through "Downtown" (which appears right at the track 15 spot here), to 1967's "Don't Sleep in the Subway." The stylistic range of this material will astound casual listeners, who only know Clark's post-"Downtown" career. Not all of the material is especially noteworthy -- "Welcome Home," although nicely arranged and well sung, might as well be a lesser Patti Page recording -- but some of the material does, indeed, command serious attention. The most notable track here, unique on CD to this collection, is Clark's lyrical, slow ballad version of the Honeycombs' hit "Have I the Right," an extraordinary reinterpretation that could and should have challenged the original. And Clark's cover of the Bacharach-David song "True Love Never Runs Smooth" is a lost '60s pop/rock treasure that was released (in England) in tandem with "Downtown." Oddly enough, several songs that don't fit in especially well with her album releases on CD work beautifully here, most notably "We Can Work It Out" and "Here, There and Everywhere." Clark's own work as a composer is reasonably well represented, with "Gotta Tell the World," "Hold On to What You Got," and "While the Children Play." The notes are a little sketchy about specific songs, but otherwise, this and its companion volume are a good compromise for fans who don't want to buy the complete Petula Clark reissue catalogs of the 1950s and 1960s.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:dnfexqlgldae

Track List:

01. Cinderella Jones
02. With Your Love
03. Who Needs You
04. Long Before I Knew You
05. Slumming On Park Avenue
06. I've Grown Accustomed To His Face
07. Love Me Again
08. In A Little Moment
09. Welcome Home
10. Adonis
11. My Favourite Things
12. Sailor
13. Baby It's Me
14. True Love Never Runs Smooth
15. Downtown
16. Gotta Tell The World
17. Everything In The Garden
18. Strangers And Lovers
19. The Life And Soul Of The Party
20. Hold On To What You Got
21. We Can Work It Out
22. Have I The Right
23. I Couldn't Live Without Your Love
24. Wasn't It You
25. Come Rain Or Come Shine
26. Don't Sleep In The Subway
27. What Would I Be
28. Here There And Everywhere
29. While The Children Play
