
Ultimate Lost and Philosophy: Think Together, Die Alone 

Expanded and up-to-date-the ultimate guide that explores meaning and philosophy of all six seasons of Lost

Lost is more than just a popular television show; it's a complex examination of meaningful philosophical questions. What does good versus evil mean on the island? Is it a coincidence that characters John Locke and Desmond David Hume are named after actual philosophers? What is the ethics of responsibility for Jack?

An action-adventure story with more than a touch of the metaphysical, Lost forces viewers to ask difficult questions of themselves just as the story asks difficult questions of its characters. Ultimate Lost and Philosophy helps you explore the deeper meaning and philosophical questions hidden within every complex twist and turn in the historic show's entire six-season run.

Includes every season of Lost, including 2010's final, highly anticipated season
Connects events on the show to core philosophical issues such as truth, identity, and morality
Explores a host of intriguing topics such as time travel, freedom, love, and loss
For fans of Lost who are interested in what the show reveals about ourselves and the human condition, Ultimate Lost and Philosophy is an entertaining, informative, and enlightening resource.

Editorial Reviews
From the Back Cover
What are the metaphysics of time travel?

How can Hurley exist in two places at the same time?

What does it mean for something to be possibly true in the flash-sideways universe?

Does Jack have a moral obligation to his father?

What is the Tao of John Locke?

Dude. So there's, like, this island? And a bunch of us were on Oceanic flight 815 and we crashed on it. I kinda thought it was my fault, because of those numbers. I thought they were bad luck. We've seen the craziest things here, like a polar bear and a Smoke Monster, and we traveled through time back to the 1970s. And we met the Dharma dudes. Arzt even blew himself up. For a long time, I thought I was crazy. But now, I think it might have been destiny. The island's made me question a lot of things. Like, why is it that Locke and Desmond have the same names as real philosophers? Why do so many of us have trouble with our dads? Did Jack have a choice in becoming our leader? And what's up with Vincent? I mean, he's gotta be more than just a dog, right? I dunno. We've all felt pretty lost. I just hope we can trust Jacob, otherwise . . . whoa.

With its sixth-season series finale, Lost did more than end its run as one of the most talked-about TV programs of all time; it left in its wake a complex labyrinth of philosophical questions and issues to be explored. Revenge, redemption, love, loss, identity, moralityΓÇöall of Lost's key themes are examined in this fully updated guide, which reveals the deeper meaning behind every twist and turn in this historic, one-of-a-kind show.

About the Author
Sharon Kaye is professor of philosophy at John Carroll University and edited the original Lost and Philosophy.
William Irwin is a professor of philosophy at King's College in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He originated the philosophy and popular culture genre of books as coeditor of the bestselling The Simpsons and Philosophy and has overseen recent titles including Batman and Philosophy, House and Philosophy, and Mad Men and Philosophy.

Product Details
Paperback: 368 pages
Publisher: Wiley; 2 edition (October 26, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0470632291
ISBN-13: 978-0470632291