PRO TOOLS 9


Product Description
zZounds is an
authorized Avid Audio dealer Authorized Avid Audio Retailer
Open yourself to the possibilities. Pro Tools 9 redefines the world's most popular, most advanced music and audio production platform with a completely re-architected, open version of Pro Tools software, giving you what you asked for--and so much more.

Work with an audio interface--or without. Create bigger, better-sounding mixes with more tracks, Automatic Delay Compensation, and other pro features included as standard. Open your workflow to projects created in other audio and video software--and to the entire Avid Artist Series and Pro Series (formerly Euphonix) console/controller line. With Pro Tools 9, you can compose, record, sequence, edit, and mix the way you want--in more ways than ever.

New Features:

- Work the way you want: Get the flexibility of using Pro Tools 9 with your favorite Avid audio interface or third-party Core Audio- or ASIO-compatible interface--or use Pro Tools 9 completely standalone for easy on-the-go creation.

-Create bigger, better mixes: Develop larger, more complex projects, with up to 96 or 192* simultaneous audio tracks, 128 instrument tracks, 512 MIDI tracks, 256 internal busses, and 160 aux tracks. See all track specifications for full limitations.

Coveted professional tools: Work efficiently and get the best sonic results with Automatic Delay Compensation, multitrack Beat Detective, full Import Session Data dialog, DigiBase Pro, and other separately priced add-ons--now standard.

Collaborate with others more easily: Team up with other creators, editors, and mixers easily--with built-in OMF/AAF/MXF file interchange support, you can exchange projects created in other audio and video software with Pro Tools and vice-versa.

Grab hold of your mix: Along with C24 and ICON*, you can now use Avid Artist Series and Pro Series consoles and controllers to enhance your editing and mixing workflow, thanks to added EUCON integration.

Work with picture in more ways: Expand your post production capabilities with powerful features now included as standard, such as the Time Code Ruler, OMF/AAF/MXF interchange, variable stereo pan depths, and updated 7.1 surround panner.


PRO TOOLS 101 OFFICIAL COURSEWARE


Pro Tools 101 Official Courseware takes a comprehensive approach to learning the fundamentals of Pro Tools|HD┬«, Pro Tools LEΓäó, or Pro Tools M-PoweredΓäó systems. This edition from the definitive authority on Pro Tools covers everything you need to know to complete a Pro Tools project. Learn to build sessions that include multitrack recordings of live instruments, MIDI sequences, software synthesizers, and virtual instruments. Through hands-on tutorials, develop essential techniques for recording, editing, and mixing. The included DVD-ROM offers tutorial files and videos, additional documentation, and Pro Tools sessions to accompany the projects in the text. Developed as the foundation course of the official Avid Training and Education program, the guide can be used to learn on your own or to pursue formal Pro Tools certification through a Avid-authorized school. Join the ranks of audio professionals around the world as you unleash the creative power of your Pro Tools system.