This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2008.


The Drifters - 1959-1965: All Time Greatest Hits & More (1988) (2 CDs)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/510XTZ30H3L._SL500_AA240_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 8 page booklet.)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

The history of rhythm and blues is filled with vocal groups whose names -- the Orioles, the Cadillacs, the Crows, the Flamingos, the Moonglows, the Coasters, the Penguins -- are held in reverence by fanatics and devotees. The Drifters are part of an even more exclusive fraternity, as a group that managed to carve out a place for themselves in the R&B firmament and also define that music, not only at its inception as a national chart phenomenon in the early '50s but also in the decade that followed. Their place in history is as complex as their role in it, by virtue of the fact that there are two distinct phases to their music and the continuity of their membership, and their extraordinary longevity -- only the Platters could claim as great a span of years as an active recording unit, though the latter group, due to major differences in the way they were organized, were far more stable in their membership and output. The Drifters can also claim a unique place in popular music history, as a major R&B group founded at the instigation of a record-label chief.

Their story began in early 1953, when Clyde McPhatter, the soaring high-tenor lead singer in the Dominoes, a vocal quintet formed by Billy Ward three years earlier, quit that group. The Dominoes were playing a scheduled gig at the New York club Birdland, one of their first performances without McPhatter, when one of the audience members present asked after the singer backstage. That fan was Ahmet Ertegun, a one-time record collector who had started Atlantic Records in the late '40s; as soon as he learned of McPhatter's having left the Dominoes, he contacted the singer and signed him to Atlantic.

It was Ertegun who gave McPhatter the impetus, as part of his contract, to start a group of his own, which came to be called the Drifters. The origins of the name and credit for thinking of it are obscure, although no one at Atlantic liked "the Drifters" at first, thinking it sounded too country & western -- the explanation sometimes offered by those present was that the members simply drifted in from other groups.

....

To read the entire bio: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:kifexqe5ldhe~T1

All Music Album Review:

If Rhino's Very Best of the Drifters is a fine R&B snack, then All-Time Greatest Hits & More: 1959-1965 is a three-course gourmet meal with dessert built on the same ingredients. Forget about the higher price and the fact that 40 songs might seem to be more Drifters than most casual listeners would want -- All-Time Greatest Hits & More: 1959-1965 is a towering and magnificent collection of some of the best popular R&B ever done this side of Sam Cooke. And, as with Sam Cooke, the beautiful part of the Drifters' work during this period is that any look beyond and behind their hits reveals a lot more songs that were every bit as good as those hits. There's not even a slightly weak track anywhere on All-Time Greatest Hits & More, which contains the biggest hits Ben E. King, Rudy Lewis, and Johnny Moore sang for the group. "There Goes My Baby," "This Magic Moment," "Save the Last Dance for Me," "Sweets for My Sweet," "I Count the Tears," "Some Kind of Wonderful," "Up on the Roof," "On Broadway," and "Under the Boardwalk" are all here, mastered in surprisingly good sound for the late '80s. There's a lot more than that, however -- the producers have also included killer B-sides (such as "Let the Music Play") that hadn't been in print since the mid-'60s, and they've dug even deeper to throw in finished tracks that were left in the vaults until the '70s. The notes by Colin Escott are an added bonus, displaying his usual command for historical detail.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:0ifexqt5ldke

Reviews and for sale here:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000002INL

Track List:

Disc 1:

01. There Goes My Baby
02. Oh My Love
03. Baltimore
04. Hey Senorita
05. Dance With Me
06. (If You Cry) True Love, True Love
07. This Magic Moment
08. Lonely Winds
09. Nobody But Me
10. Save The Last Dance For Me
11. I Count The Tears
12. Sometimes I Wonder
13. Please Stay
14. Room Full of Tears
15. Sweets for My Sweet
16. Some Kind of Wonderful
17. Loneliness or Happiness
18. Mexican Divorce
19. Somebody New Dancing With You
20. Jackpot

Disc 2:

01. She Never Talked To Me That Way
02. When My Little Girl Is Smiling
03. Stranger On The Shore
04. What To Do
05. Up On The Roof
06. Another Night With The Boys
07. I Feel Good All Over
08. Let The Music Play
09. On Broadway
10. I'll Take You Home
11. If You Don't Come Back
12. Didn't It
13. One Way Love
14. He's Just A Playboy
15. Under The Boardwalk
16. I Don't Want To Go On Without You
17. I've Got Sand In My Shoes
18. Saturday Night At The Movies
19. At The Club
20. Come On Over To My Place
