 http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-onion-book-of-known-knowledge-the-onion/1113016010

The Onion Book of Known Knowledge - A Definitive Encyclopaedia Of Existing Information


Overview
Are you a witless cretin with no reason to live? Would you like to know more about every piece of knowledge ever? Do you have cash? Then congratulations, because just in time for the death of the print industry as we know it comes the final book ever published, and the only one you will ever need: The Onion's compendium of all things known.

Replete with an astonishing assemblage of facts, illustrations, maps, charts, threats, blood, and additional fees to edify even the most simple-minded book-buyer, THE ONION BOOK OF KNOWN KNOWLEDGE is packed with valuable information-such as the life stages of an Aunt; places to kill one's self in Utica, New York; and the dimensions of a female bucket, or "pail." With hundreds of entries for all 27 letters of the alphabet, THE ONION BOOK OF KNOWN KNOWLEDGE must be purchased immediately to avoid the sting of eternal ignorance.

Entertainment Weekly
A tome so replete with knowledge [that it allows readers] to win friends and influence people.

Huffington Post
Everything you've ever wanted to know about anything.

Huffington Post Comedy
One of the best works that "The Onion" has ever produced...[it] dryly parodies an encyclopedia in the most comprehensive manner imaginable.

Miami Herald
Extremely funny.

MSN's The Bubble
Forget Wikipedia, burn all your books, and snap that Encarta CD Rom in half, because The Onion has just released its BOOK OF KNOWN KNOWLEDGE.

Popmatters.com
Leave it to the geniuses at The Onion, who have revolutionized the science of sarcasmic infoengineering in the weekly print newspaper format, to do the same for the venerable encyclopedia. Miraculously, in only 250 or so pages, they have managed to cram more meaningful information about our universe into one book than Google or Bing or even Alta Vista have been able to do with several times that number of "web pages".

The Economist
Long on laughs.