Oni Repack RG Catalyst

 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / Arcade (Fighting) / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer: Bungie Software 
Publisher: Take-Two Interactive 
Game Version: 1.0 
Language: English / Russian 
Sound language: English / Russian 
Publication Type: Repack 
  
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Operating system: Windows XP / Seven 
Processor: Pentium III 266 MHz 
Memory: 64 MB 
Video: 3D-graphics accelerator (Open GL compatible), Voodoo 2 +, TNT2 +, Intel i890 
Sound Card: compatible with DirectX 7.0 
Free hard drive space: 720 MB 


The combination of Eastern martial arts, story and graphics in the anime style, and fantastically beautiful scenery metropolis XXI century - this game will not leave anyone indifferent.  A real shock!  A new era in the genre of action from the third person. 

Year 2032.  You - a secret intelligence agent named Conoco.  Your task - to destroy the crime syndicate that threatens the well-being of the planet.  But subsequent events erode the once solid boundaries of good and evil ...  Dark, terrifying past gradually awakens the memory Conoco ...  And explodes thousand fatal blows, smashing right on target! 
 

GAME FEATURES:

 
   based on anime - classic Japanese comics.  The story and graphics of the game have incorporated all the best in this genre - the martial arts of the East in the 

action, the plot, where one follows the other mystery, fantasy, Dark secrets of the past; 
  "The magnificent landscapes of the future.  Gloomy landscape, "They" are created in cooperation with professional architects; 
  "Conoco is nothing like the boring type of impeccable moral character - yes, it is - a Shooting in action, and morality is not foreign to her, but ...  there is 

another Conoco - its dark and mysterious twin, which is sure to find itself, whether you like it or not .. 
  "Simple and brilliant combat system - a masterpiece of developers.  Combinations of the two keys stroke and four movement keys can carry hundreds of different simple 

and complex kicks and hands, throws and jumps.  You can knock weapons out of the hands of the enemy, you can by making a somersault in the air, landing neatly in the 

heel jaw hefty thugs and kick him out of the spirit ... an unforgettable experience! 
  "Firearms from simple to the most powerful handgun pistol.  But good lethal gun still need to find and take.  And patrons are not infinite.  In addition, not every 

mission you'll be able to use firearms.  Where necessary secrecy, shoot - not the best solution. 
  "Abilities Conoco grow during the game - becoming more powerful blows, jumping - all of the above.  At the end of the game with a good shot of her legs did not reach 

even the most powerful shot from a plasma rifle. 
  "" Smart enemies "- coordinated attack, run, if wounded, retreat, if they feel that their chances in battle low.  Each of the enemy attack on their own individual 

style. 
  "The characters are drawn in the same detail as the game levels.  The smallest of them - at 800 sites, and the main characters - in 1200. 
  "Movement of the characters look exactly like the movement of the living. 


REPACK FEATURES: 



ΓÇó Do not cut / no recoded 
 
ΓÇó Includes fixes for the correct running of the game in modern systems 

ΓÇó Ability to download any Russian localization 

ΓÇó Installation time 1 min