Cisco Press has the only Self-Study Guides Approved by Cisco for the New CCENT Certification. The New Edition of this Best-Selling Official Cert Guide includes Updated Content, New Exercises, 400 Practice Questions, and 90 Minutes of Video Training -- PLUS the CCENT Network Simulator Lite Edition with lab exercises. The CCENT Certification is now the only prerequisite for the CCNA Routing and Switching, CCNA Voice, CCNA Wireless,CCNA Security and CCDA Certifications.
Cisco CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-101 Official Cert Guide from Cisco Press enables you to succeed on the exam the first time. Best-selling author and expert instructor Wendell Odom shares preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills.

This complete study package includes

A test-preparation routine proven to help you pass the exam
Do I Know This Already? quizzes, which enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section
Chapter-ending and part-ending exercises, which help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly
Troubleshooting sections, which help you master the complex scenarios you will face on the exam
The powerful Pearson IT Certification Practice Test software, complete with hundreds of well-reviewed, exam-realistic questions, customization options, and detailed performance reports
A free copy of the CCENT/CCNA ICND1 100-101 Network Simulator Lite software, complete with meaningful lab exercises that help you hone your hands-on skills with the command-line interface for routers and switches
More than 90 minutes of video mentoring from the author
A final preparation chapter, which guides you through tools and resources to help you craft your review and test-taking strategies
Study plan suggestions and templates to help you organize and optimize your study time

This official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCENT/CCNA ICND1 exam, including

Networking fundamentals
Ethernet LANs and switches
IPv4 addressing and subnetting
Operating Cisco routers
Configuring OSPF
ACLs and NAT
IPv6 fundamentals

Wendell Odom, CCIE┬« No. 1624, is the most respected author of Cisco networking books in the world. His past titles include books on the entry-level Cisco certifications (CCENT and CCNA), the more advanced CCNP, and the industry-renowned CCIE. His books are known for their technical depth and accuracy. Wendell has worked as a network engineer, consultant, instructor, course developer, and book author, and he has produced videos, software, and blogs related to Cisco certifications. His website, with links to various study tools and resources, is at www.certskills.com.

Well regarded for its level of detail, study plans, assessment features, challenging review questions and exercises, video instruction, and hands-on labs, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that ensure your exam success.
---------------------------------------------------------------
yashar