Skyfucked | Rain DeGrey

January 11, 2013 
 
  
MP4 and WMV + Pics.
  
 
When the world is in danger Rain DeGrey answers the call, sweeping into action for God and Country. There is just one small problem. Today she has met her match at the hands of the nefarious PD. He doesn't even have a plan to take over or make millions. In fact all he has is a desire to make Rain suffer. 

Most villains take the time to explain their evil plan. PD has seen those movies before and isn't about to make the same mistakes. Besides, Rain is about to suffer through it, and it is so much better if she doesn't know what is coming next. 

Phase 1 is mind-fucks. He has a horrifying taser and just the sound is enough to make Rain scream in fear. She is under a black hood and so all she knows is that sometimes she feels the whip and sometimes she hears the sound that haunts her nightmares. She is so terrified of the shocks that she is literally thanking him for the lashes. 

Phase 2 is real fucks. If Rain thought being stripped of her gadgets and guns was the most humiliating thing that could happen to an agent in the field she is soon-to-be-sorely mistaken. Next he will tear away her clothing, piece by piece, and then every last shred of her dignity. 

You see, PD has been working on a little project he calls "SkyFuck". It is a bondage frame specifically designed to be hung in the air with Agent DeGrey inside. It lets him tie her tits, clamp her nips and set a fucking machine to work, slamming her cunt, all while keeping her hovering just above the floor. Her face, ass, and everything else are hanging out there ready to be played with and there is nothing she can do about it. As long as he keeps her distracted with intense, forced orgasms she won't be able to come up with an escape plan. 

When he brings her back down to Earth the party is not over, though. He still needs to break her before he can move on. What comes next is anyone's guess but what is coming now is enough pain and humiliation to bring this battle-tested super spy to tears. Hopefully Home Office will send reinforcements soon. This one is almost all used up and PD is still looking for more. 
 
Screens  
http://www.infernalrestraints.com/device/bondage/2013/01_11rain10/InfernalRestraints-Rain-DeGrey-PD-Skyfucked.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

