 http://www.allmusic.com/album/bonfire-mw0000028954

Oddly, the legend of Bon Scott never haunted AC/DC. They grieved, certainly, but they were able to move on, releasing Back in Black as a tribute in 1980. The record became their biggest hit and helped them become one of the biggest rock & roll bands in the world. By the late '90s, the group remained popular, and a strange phenomenon had happened -- there were generations of AC/DC fans who came of age after Scott's death, and had only a passing familiarity with the rocker. Perhaps that's one of the reasons why they lovingly assembled the five-disc box set Bonfire in 1997. The set is a tribute to Scott, featuring two live albums -- one from New York in 1978, the other from Paris in 1979, which is essentially the soundtrack to the Let There Be Rock film -- a disc of outtakes, and a remastered version of Back in Black. For hardcore fans, this is something of a dream come true, since the live albums are stronger than any of the group's other live releases, with the possible exception of If You Want Blood You've Got It. The disc of alternate takes, outtakes, and stray live cuts offers no real revelations, but there are enough interesting moments to make it worthwhile. And while any AC/DC fan has Back in Black, it's nice hearing it in this context, because it shows that even if the band could carry on splendidly, they were still missing the insane, wild-man charisma of Bon Scott. Nowhere is that charisma better preserved -- both through music and stories -- than on Bonfire.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonfire_(album)

Bonfire is a 5 disc box set by Australian band AC/DC, released in 1997, and remastered with a release in Digipak format in 2003. It was created as a tribute to the band's earlier singer Bon Scott and included the two disc soundtrack to the movie Let There Be Rock, some early unreleased tracks, a live recording from the Atlantic Records studio in New York and a remastered version of Back in Black.

The album was originally released in 1997 with the CDs all packaged individually in jewel cases, complete with full artwork. The original issue also features a poster, a backstage pass, keyring and a few other extras depending on the region. When the album was reissued in 2003 it was packaged in a large digipak, similar to a longbox, which featured either 4 or 5 disc trays. The 4-tray versions contained the remastered Back in Black in its own case with booklet. All versions of the box feature a large book full of liner notes and rare pictures of the band, mostly from before Scott's death.

The boxset was the subject of a bit of derision from AC/DC fans for its limited content - two live albums (one previously released) and a select few rarities, as well as the Bon-inspired Back in Black, which of course does not feature Scott on vocals. AC/DC defended the release, stating that there was very little recorded by Scott that wasn't released.

EAC Rips - 100% quality flac, cue files