Shadow Defender

Shadow Defender is an easy-to-use security solution (for Windows operating systems) that protects your PC/laptop real environment against malicious activity and unwanted changes.
Shadow Defender can run your system in a virtual environment called 'Shadow Mode'. 'Shadow Mode' redirects each system change to a virtual environment with no change to your real environment. If you experience malicious activity and/or unwanted changes, perform a reboot to restore your system back to its original state, as if nothing happened.
With Shadow Defender, you have the flexibility to specify which files and folders are permanently saved to the real environment. This ensures important files and folders are kept after a reboot.Try Shadow Defender for the most effective and easy-to-use security solution.

Shadow Defender Features:

1. Prevent all viruses and malware.
2. Surf the internet safely and eliminate unwanted traces.
3. Protect your privacy.
4. Eliminate system downtime and maintenance costs.
5. Reboot to restore your system back to its original state.

Shadow Defender Users:

1. Maintain a system free from malicious activity and unwanted changes.
2. Test software and game installations in a safe environment.
3. Protect against unwanted changes by shared users (suitable for workplaces and educational institutions).

Minimum System Requirements

Operating System

Windows 2000 professional
Windows XP Home
Windows XP Professional
Windows Vista (32-bit)
Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
Windows 8 (32-bit and 64-bit)

CPU: Pentium 133 MHz or faster

RAM: 128 MB or above

SPACE: Hard drive space requirements are 3 MB for program files
and 10M or more free space for each partiton in Shadow Mode

Homepage: http://www.shadowdefender.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use given key to Register application.
- Done, Enjoy

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
