Audio CD (April 23, 2013)
 Original Release Date: 2013
 Number of Discs: 1
 Label: RCA

Tate Stevens – Tate Stevens (2013) Album Tracklist:

1. I Got This
 2. Can’t Get Nothin’ Done
 3. Ride It Out
 4. Power Of A Love Song
 5. Sweet
 6. That’s Where We Live
 7. El Camino
 8. That’s How You Get The Girl
 9. Ordinary Angels
 10. The Last Thing I Do
 11. Holler If You’re With Me

In 2012, Stevens auditioned in Kansas City, Missouri for season 2 of The X Factor singing Randy Houser's "Anything Goes" in front of judges L.A. Reid, Demi Lovato, Britney Spears and temporary judge Louis Walsh, who was sitting in for Simon Cowell. He was selected to go to boot camp where he had to sing for survival singing "Nobody Knows" against Willie Jones. He was selected to be part of the judges' houses stage competing in the top 24 in the "Over 25s" category and was mentored by L.A. Reid. He sang "Back At One" at Reid's home in front of him and guest judges Justin Bieber and Scooter Braun. Reid ultimately chose Stevens as a part of his top four.

On the first live show he sang "Tough", a Craig Morgan song and was saved by his mentor L.A. Reid. On week 2 of the live shows, he performed Bon Jovi's song "Wanted Dead or Alive" and was declared the top of the popular vote in the competition. On Week 3 live show he performed "From This Moment" by Shania Twain again placing as top vote getter for a second week in a row. On week 4 live show he performed "I'm Already There" finishing second in popular vote to Carly Rose Sonenclar; he would remain in second place during the fifth week of live shows as well. During week 6 live show Stevens went "unplugged" with "Livin' on a Prayer" by Bon Jovi (for his acoustic song) and "If Tomorrow Never Comes" by Garth Brooks (chosen by the fans as his the Pepsi Challenge song). His performance landed him back at the number one spot again. On the show's final week, Stevens performed "Tomorrow" by Chris Young and was crowned the winner of The X factor. "Tomorrow" became the official winner's single.
