Blond Ambition World Tour

Japan  Tour from VHS
Better than the the VHS ones in the past, from France, that sucked.



The Blond Ambition World Tour was the third concert tour by American singer-songwriter Madonna. The tour was launched in support of her fourth studio album, Like a Prayer, and the soundtrack, I'm Breathless. The tour reached North America, Europe and Asia. It was a highly controversial tour, mainly for its juxtaposition of Catholic iconography and sexuality. Rolling Stone called it an "elaborately choreographed, sexually provocative extravaganza" and proclaimed it "the best tour of 1990."[1] In 1991, a documentary film, Truth or Dare (In Bed with Madonna outside North America), was released chronicling the tour. The tour received the "Most Creative Stage Production" at the Pollstar Concert Industry Awards.[2] The tour was named the Greatest Concert of the 1990s by Rolling Stone.[3] The tour grossed over $60 million.

The tour was met with strong reaction from religious groups for her performance of "Like a Virgin", during which two male dancers caressed her body before she simulated masturbation.[4] The Church of England and the Catholic Church criticised her performance and the Pope asked the general public and the Christian community not to attend the concert.[5] A private association of Catholics calling themselves Famiglia Domani also boycotted the tour for its eroticism.[6] In response, Madonna said, "The tour in no way hurts anybody's sentiments. It's for open minds and gets them to see sexuality in a different way. Their own and others"."[7]

The concert was filmed several times, including dates in the United States, France, Japan and Spain. An HBO TV special, titled Live! Madonna: Blond Ambition World Tour 90, was filmed in Nice, France and was later released commercially as Blond Ambition World Tour Live by Pioneer Artists, exclusively on the Laserdisc format. The title went on to win a Grammy Award in 1992 for Best Long Form Music Video. Another title, Blond Ambition Japan Tour 90, was released exclusively in Japan by Warner-Pioneer.