Required: Terraria 1.1.2 installed.
Install: Drag Terraria Chaos Mod.exe to the terraria folder and run it. 


Increased Monster spawn rates and health
Removed health and mana limits in player advancement. There is a cap, though legit playing it would take a couple years to reach. Over 9Mil
Increased Player damages and modifications of items
Increased Player speed
All bosses have been modified
Increased Player Regeneration
Modified the clouds some
Modified defenses to equipment
Modified some client text
Compatibility checked with base terraria and confirmed (exclusion is health/mana max - Regular terraria will reset you to it's max of 400/200 Base)
Unlocked collectors edition allowing the bunny pet and starting character carrot to summon/dismiss the bunny.
Made some spells more magically?! lol
Increased the rate of fire on some projectiles :D
The dungeon guardian is a possible fight for a well geared veteran character
Increased Light from Dual Hook + Added Damages to grappling hook hits (V1&2 release)
Increased light on Fairy from fairy Bell (V2 release)
Drills size scaled down for better visibility when mining (V2 release)
New Icon (V2 release)
Tips:
Have a house done by the first night, this is critical to survival. At a bare minimum, have a box built you can seal up and hide in.
You will be unable to handle the world until you gain some equipment, the best method is to build a house and dig a basement.
Go deep and gain some ore, build some items, avoid the night at all cost or you will be overran by hordes of monsters.

Recipes added (Normal methods to gain said items were not removed) 

Dart Trap = 10 Stone 2 iron bars
Wrench = 10 copper bars
Wire Cutters = 10 copper bars
Wire = 1 copper ore and 1 silt block 
Boulder = 50 stone 1 iron bar
Spike = 1 iron ore - (V2 release) Still does not hurt monsters YET

Extra:
Chaos mod - All features stated above + increased spawn rates
Insane Chaos mod - All features stated above + further increased spawn rates (V2 release)
Unreal Chaos mod - All features stated above + unreasonable increased spawn rates ... lol (V2 release)

About The Modder - Death

   I really like Terraria, and figure you do as well. Use of this mod requires that you have the terraria files, I only provide the application
that can be used with the files of terraria. This implies you bought the game and supported re-logic or of lesser means got the files somehow. 

   Q:Why am I doing this?
A: 1.2 is not far off, perhaps 2 months at this time, this should help spark some new terraria interest and playtime before the 1.2 release.
A: I am very very poor in real life and hope perhaps someone will send me a donation via bitcoin (address bound to client title bar)
   What is very poor? Homeless? No income? Indeed... I live in a van, with solar power and jack into free wifi spots as I troll through this life.
   Anything helps even .0000001 Btc, so if you can, I would greatly appreciate it :) Bitcoin: 1CS6FHJDKJb9fxbwvyWxsugUHzieLm6uXH

   Q:Aspiration and goals?
A: To make a great game like Terraria for myself, offer it to the world for free and accept humble donations from those of humanity who feel it
was worthy of such. I believe in sharing and giving of fellow humans, and they in turn shall do the same if and when they can. This is probably
why I am homeless, however I can always look back upon my life with smiles.

   Q:Will there be more releases?
A: I would like to add new items and cosmetic house objects, tiles, walls, ores, monsters and more.
A: This will take time, support and the grace of all things involved.

