Providing the tools you need to succeed, the two-volume set of Paramedic Practice Today: Above and Beyond offers a solid foundation for paramedic practice. A conversational, easy-to-read style simplifies topics and helps you master National Standard Curriculum objectives and meet the new National Education Standards. Because this two-volume set corresponds to the National Registry of EMTs National EMS Practice Analysis, it provides you with the best possible preparation for the National Registry exam.

Unique! The new National Education Standards are referenced, as well as the 

National Standard Curriculum objectives.

Unique! This textbook addresses the tasks in the NREMT 2004 National EMS Practice Analysis, which is the foundation for the NREMT exam.

Four-part case scenarios appear in each chapter, and emphasize patient comfort and care: 1) an introduction sets up the scenario and asks questions, 2) the scenario continues, following the treatment of the patient and asking more questions, 3) the conclusion resolves the scenario and asks more questions, looking back on decisions that you've made, and 4) the summary answers all of the questions presented in 
parts 1-3.

49 skill sequences show each action with illustrated, step-by-step instructions.

Pediatric Pearl boxes call attention to the differences for pediatric patients.

Geriatric Considerations are highlighted in special boxes to draw attention to the differences for elderly patients.

Cultural Considerations boxes highlight helpful tips for interacting with people of various cultures.

Paramedic Pearl boxes highlight important information from the text.

An anatomy and physiology review begins chapters as needed, and for specific conditions, those chapters also include a description/definition, etiology, epidemiology and demographics, history, physical findings, differential diagnosis, therapeutic interventions, patient/family education, and prehospital pearls.

Special topics cover paramedic practice in many environments from Farm Rescue and Wilderness EMS to Air and Ground Critical Care Transport and Tactical EMS.

Chapter Summaries are bulleted to help you review important information.

Key Terms are defined in the terminology section at the end of each chapter for easy review before exams.

Quizzes end each chapter, with answers and rationales at the back of each textbook.

Unique tools include a plastic heart rate ruler, a laminated 12-lead placement card, and a pediatric quick-reference foldout card.

A comprehensive index and 2,222-term glossary in each volume allow you to quickly find key terms and topics.

Herbal and drug indexes cover 50 herbal supplements and approximately 100 drugs.