
So Fresh So Teen 2: Josh Stone returns with his smash hit So Fresh So Teen #2! This one is even better than the first oneyoung teen girls getting dug outall Interracial!! 

Teens can be a little picky when it comes to what they intake, but in this case these little teen sluts prefer the over ripe, dark bananas. Watch as these girls get all the potassium they need with each hump and deep drilling action from big black cocks!

Length 2 hrs. 5 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Mar 25 2010
Production Year 2010
Studio  Josh Stone Productions

Starring: Elena Cole, Vanessa Cage, Nina Nelson, and Ariel Teens.


    Scene 1. Ariel Teens, Lucas Stone
    Scene 2. Elena Cole, Lucas Stone
    Scene 3. Nina Nelson, Lucas Stone
    Scene 4. Vanessa Cage, Lucas Stone
    Scene 5. Starr, Lucas Stone

Actresses:
    Ariel Teens [IR]
    Elena Cole [Facial IR]
    Nina Nelson [Facial IR]
    Starr [IR]
    Vanessa Cage [Facial IR]

Actors:
    Lucas Stone



Reviewed by loverboy  on  4/4/2011
Title: So Fresh So Teen 2
Studio: Justin Slayer International
Starring: Nina Nelson, Starr, Vanessa Cage, Elena Cole, Ariel Teens

Five scenes of Miami black guy/white gal one on one sex. The women are for the most part average pale looking, the guys well endowed. I like the idea of porn shot in Florida but they need a little more creativity in the way of set dressing if the fantasy factor is going to work. Putting a piece of paper on a door or on a car isn't going to cut it in 2011.

Scene one: Ariel is working out near a shoreline picnic table in Miami when she spots a black guy playing basketball. Dream sequence as she fantasizes of being in her pink girly bedroom while the big black dude does her. She has a butterfly tat above her ass. Highlight here is huge schlong going in doggie. He likes to say "That's right" a lot and it really is right.

Scene two: Elena Cole makes a call to a tv repair man bitching that it hasn't been fixed. He arrives at her apartment and soon we get another fantasy scene between the two. Great doggie pounding as he really gets the skin on skin moving.

Scene three: Nina Nelson in a "driver's ed" scene. She can't pass her test so fucks her instructor on the desk. This is really a no frills porn company as the "drivers ed" signs on the car and in the office look like they were printed in 15 seconds on a computer, but if you can use your imagination, go for it. Nina is petite/pale.

Scene four: Vanessa Cage is blonde and is going to the principal's office. Like in scene three, "no expense was spared" to dress the set (!?) as we get a piece of paper labelled "principle's office". At least they could do a spel chek. Anyhow, she fantasizes about doing the principle or principal or whomever. She has a tongue piercing. Cool doggie insert shots in this scene.

Scene five: Starr is being followed on the subway by a black guy. She finds out they live in the same apartment building and after he befriends her, she visits his apartment. Nice POV bj and couch doggie here, but Starr's tats are ugly.




