[FTVGirls] Aurielee (Bubblebutt 18 / 02.23.2013)
res:720p

Just Turned 18, this pouty-lipped bubble butt teen is just starting out in adult, with the total love of masturbation ... with a healthy obsession on the hula hoop! We watch her ΓÇïΓÇïin pigtail braids visiting a park, then showing off her hula hoop skills. Getting naked, she continues it in the full nude, and shows off her acrobatic skills as well! Back home she does a little foot fetish & wash, then masturbates with the Eroscillator Toy to orgasm. She has her own unique way of masturbating - toy on the clit, and one finger in her vagina, another in her butt! After extreme closeups of her very petite and tiny private parts, she does more anal fingering and enjoys it ... In the bathroom she lets her hair down and gives her firm full breasts a hard massage, then her bubble butt gets the same treatment with butt cheek spreads. She then does little bra & panty show for us, trying different colored underwear and talking intimately to you ... Later in the day, she's in a 'secretary' style skirt and heels, visits an office area, giving us upskirt views and breast play, then masturbates in a cafe area with a pink toy! Returning home, she uses the Vibraking toy to orgasm, with visible contractions. She is flexible, so she shows off more acrobatics, and strips naked for more sexy views of her breast and butt being squeezed. Spreading wide 'in your face' we get deep inside views of her vagina, then it gets kinky ... Using a cucumber she penetrates herself vaginally, makes her gape more, then double penetrates herself with two cucumbers! It goes pretty deep anally ... Out in a restaurant in a rather revealing dress she flashes her breasts and takes her panties off to spread under the table! Then its back to more hula hoop play out near another office area, getting naked and moving those hips. A cute teen doing cute things, and a great one for those of you who are total butt lovers!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=k5z112rl1akkdui65rny.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=dxp11ybeopf3i2w60l4n.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=hq8jmbl4s132m8rwjnej.jpg