DDR Presents

Amartya Sen - A Life Reexamined (2002)
(A Documentary by Suman Ghosh)

DVD Rip - 350MB - x.264/mkv

Synopsis:
Amartya Sen, Nobel Laureate (1998), only one of 7 Indians so honoured. [The others were Rabindranath Tagore (1913), Sir CV Raman (1930), Dr. Hargobind Khurana (1968), Subrahmaniam Chandrasekhar (1983), Mother Teresa (1979) and V Ramakrishna (2009)]. Philosopher, Economist, Humanist, Activist - altogether Sen's is a life full of great intellectual achievement. Suman Ghosh in this documentary, traces the blooming of his genius and the flowering of his intellectual thought processes till 2002 - from the days when, as a student, he was captivated by a book by Kenneth Arrow to his winning the Nobel Prize in 1998. (People used to lay wagers that he would win the prize every year!). Since then he has gone on to achieve much more and has added social activism to his many faceted career. That will perhaps be the theme of another Documentary.

Comments:
The title of the Documentary is somewhat misleading. This is a documentary of Amartya Sen's intellectual achievement, and but for a few stray glimpses, we learn very little of Amartya Sen the man. Suman Ghosh tries to stick to the intellectual development of Amartya. But his attempt does little more than capture the intellectual achievements of Sen. Even there he makes but a cursory attempt to capture the early work of Sen - his seminal work on poverty and famines for example. This is more a hagiography of Sen. Not really a critical admiration of the man's genius.

It completely leaves out the human Amartya Sen. We only see a little bit of his mother and learn a tiny little bit about his early battle with cancer. There is no mention of the women in his life and the influence they had on him. Not a glimpse of Nabanita Deb-Sen or Emma Rothschild who had such great an impact on his life. There is nothing about his relations with his daughters. In fact, we only learn about the heroic aspects of Amartya Sen's life. It was probably the directors intention to portray only this part, but it does make the documentary incomplete.

The title of the documentary should have been "Amartya Sen - the Evolution of a Genius". Not a re-examination of his life.

Uploader's Notes:
This is not one of my best rips. The colours in the original was a bit washed out and I was trying to correct it using a set of new filters that I am not very familiar with. (I think the gamma factors should have been controlled better). Since I didn't like the documentary very much, I gave up refining the rip after a while. The result is acceptable by DDR standards but not something that I would crow about. Still, it is better that the original and you should find no difficulty in viewing it.

IMDB Link:
Not Available


seeding 24x7 at 1 GBps+