For more than 100 years, Hallmark has designed greeting cards for life's special moments. Hallmark Card Studio 2013 Deluxe extends this tradition, making it easy to create one-of-a-kind Hallmark cards as unique as the people you care for. From birthdays and holidays to special occasions and every day greetings, youΓÇÖll find the perfect card for virtually any occasion. 

But cards are just the beginning. Bridge the miles between family and friends with photo cards in a variety of new sizes, postcards, stationery sets and party invitations - all customized with your heart-felt message. ItΓÇÖs easy with exclusive Hallmark writing tips and ideas included right in the software! Plus, using the built-in Digital Photo Editor, you can easily crop, fix, and apply special effects to photos before adding them to calendars, scrapbook pages and award certificates. Then simply print, email or share onand other popular social media websites! 

With 13,000+ designs, 18,000+ premium graphics, 10,000+ sentiments, exclusive fonts, an Event Planner and much more, the creative possibilities are endless. ItΓÇÖs amazing what you and Hallmark can do together!

PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS
More! 13,000+ Hallmark Greeting Cards and customizable projects for all occasions
More! 10,000+ Spectacular Graphics to complement your designs
More! Hallmark sentiment library with 10,000+ sentiments
New! User Interface - find the right card faster and easier than ever before
Enhanced! Matching Envelope Library automatically displays more coordinating card envelopes
Built-in Digital Photo Editor helps you fix photo flaws and apply special effects
New! Gift Bags, Collages and Holiday Newsletters design projects 
Search projects easily by design theme or occasion
Milestone Birthday and Holiday Photo Card collections
Easy integration withand other social networks 
Enhanced! Hallmark Graphics Collection with even more images
Designs for Photo Cards, Calendars, 3D Cards & 3D Projects and more
Writing Etiquette Guide with writing tips and ideas from Hallmark
A video tutorial gets you started fast



CALENDARS
 Customize monthly, weekly and daily calendars. You can also include holidays and special events from your Event Planner. 


4"x 8" PHOTO CARDS
 Create personalized family photo cards for the holidays or virtually any occasion. 

VIDEO TUTORIALS
 Quickly learn how to create personalized greetings with a step-by-step video tutorial. 
 



E-CARDS
 Email personalized cards for any occasion with music & prerecorded sounds. Even share onand YouTube!┬« 

HALLMARK GRAPHICS COLLECTION
 Complement your cards and projects with brand new Hallmark images. 

NOTE & LETTER WRITING TIPS
 Unsure how to word a heartfelt sympathy, thank you or even a romantic note? This easy, step-by-step guide shows you not only how a touching note is created but also how to write your very own!