
NotifierPro greatly improves the way your device displays notifications!

image

NotifierPro Plus
With NotifierPro ( Notifier Pro ) you can greatly improve the way your device displays notifications.
This app provides banner notifications for any app installed on your phone.
Support :* If you have any question or suggestion, please use our feedback page here :https://getsatisfaction.com/productigeeky.

The service:

To work properly, NotifierPro requires that you activate the accessibility service "NotifierPro" (accessibility services are currently the only way to process user notifications on the Android OS).
You then have to use the "Monitoring" section to choose which apps should raise notifications, and how.
Status bar notifications must be enabled in the monitored apps for the banners to appear properly.

How to use it:

Click the notification to launch it
Swipe to the right to dismiss it
Swipe to the left to dismiss notifications coming from the same app/contact

Important information:

Note that dismissing the notification wonΓÇÖt remove it from the status bar (the Android OS doesnΓÇÖt currently allow to manually remove 3rd party apps notifications from the status bar).
If you use a custom lockscreen app such as MagicLocker or WidgetLocker, or if you use the stock Android 4 ICS lockscreen, banners will show above your lockscreen.
As a default, notifications will be enabled for SMS, MMS, missed calls, GMail, Talk, WhatsApp,Twitter, Skype, etc...

NotfierPro will notify you even if you're in a fullscreen app

Plus version:

You can set individual settings for each app
You have access to 5 exclusives themes
You can choose the text position
You can hide the icon
You can choose the size for the banner
You can set custom vibration patterns
You can choose the action when you do a left or right swipe on the banner
You can disable clicks
You can set quiet hours
You can use reminders
You can use privacy options
You can display the contact picture for any app (experimental)

What's in this version : (Updated : Mar 2, 2013)

Fixed the sound settings issue
Fixed an issue with custom themes on pre-ICS devices
Added back the "center" positioning
Now showing stock email notifications on latest Galaxy phones
A shortcut to the Talkback issue's fix for Samsung phones users has been added
Added small app icon display
Improved picture and icon display
Compatibility improvements
Ui improvements
Bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 2.1+
 
https://lh4.ggpht.com/2zg8lozBI9GzxRNY2VXd-v-yhH-OqA9714TC3dGZqpkbDgAcmIDZBGdIvApec89-FUM