
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51oJbnrBapL.jpg


Forks Over Knives - The Cookbook: Over 300 Recipes for Plant-Based Eating All Through the Year

Publisher: The Experiment
Del Sroufe
2012
English
ISBN: 1615190619
EPUB 
320 pages
8.64 MB


 A whole-foods, plant-based diet has never been easier or tastier—300 brand-new recipes for cooking the Forks Over Knives way, every day!
 Forks Over Knives—the book, the film, the movement—is back again in a Cookbook. The secret is out: If you want to lose weight, lower your cholesterol, and prevent (or even reverse!) chronic conditions such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes, the right food is your best medicine. Thousands of people have cut out meat, dairy, and oils and seen amazing results. If you’re among them—or you’d like to be—you need this cookbook.

 Del Sroufe, the man behind some of the mouthwatering meals in the film, proves that the Forks Over Knives philosophy is not about what you can’t eat, but what you can. Chef Del and his collaborators Julieanna Hever, Judy Micklewright, Isa Chandra Moskowitz, and Darshana Thacker transform wholesome fruits, vegetables, grains, and legumes into 300 recipes—classic and unexpected, globally and seasonally inspired, and for every meal of the day, all through the year:

 Breakfast: Very Berry Smoothie, Breakfast Quinoa with Apple Compote

 Salads, Soups and Stews: Kale Salad with Maple-Mustard Dressing, Lotsa Vegetable Chowder, Lucky Black-Eyed Pea Stew

 Pasta and Noodle Dishes: Sicilian Cauliflower Linguine, Stir-Fried Noodles with Spring Vegetables

 Stir-Fried, Grilled and Hashed Vegetables: Grilled Eggplant Steaks

 Baked and Stuffed Vegetables: Millet-Stuffed Chard Rolls

 The Amazing Bean: White Beans and Escarole with Parsnips

 Great Grains: Polenta Pizza with Tomatoes and Basil

 Desserts: Apricot Fig Squares, Bursting with Berries Cobbler

 . . . and much more!

 Simple, affordable, and delicious, the recipes in Forks Over Knives—The Cookbook put the power of real healthy food in your hands. Start cooking the whole-food, plant-based way today—it could save your life!

