This is my 2nd attempt.  The 1st time I zipped the files - this time NO RAR!

Series introduces the Robertsons, a Louisiana bayou family living the American dream as they operate a thriving business while staying true to their family values and lifestyle. Ask anyone in Louisiana and they'll tell you that the bayou state's favorite first family doesn't live in the governor's mansion but in the backwoods, where the Robertsons' rags-to-riches story is still unfolding. A homegrown mom-and-pop operation, Duck Commander has become a sporting empire by fabricating top-of-the-line duck calls and decoys out of salvaged swamp wood. This newly minted multimillionaire family is kept in line by business-savvy Willie, who runs Duck Commander with the help of his brother Jase, their respective wives Korie and Missy, patriarch and founder of the company, Phil, and uncle Si. Together they run a booming business that employs half their neighborhood, but at the end of the day, you can find the whole family around matriarch Miss Kay's dinner table.  Written by A & E 

I take no credit for the compression or the original upload.  I compiled these shows from several uploaders:

TvTeam
Sceneline

All I have done is rename the episodes to match the episode guide as well as put this compilation into a single download. Episodes include:

Season 1 
1 Family Funny Business
2 High Tech Redneck
3 CEO For A Day
4 Frog in One
5 Redneck Logic
6 Too Close for Comfort
7 Leave it to Beavers
8 A 40th Anniversary is a Big Duck-ing Deal
9 Sauvignon Beard
10 Plan Bee
11 Daddy's Got a Gun
12 Fishin' For Business
13 Redneck Roadtrip
14 Winner, Winner Turkey Dinner
15 Willie Stay or Willie Go

Season 2 
1 The Grass & The Furious
2 Driving Miss Sadie
3 Truck Commander
4 Si'yonara
5 Fowl Play
6 Sweatin' Bullets
7 Spring Pong Cleaning
8 Good Morning, West Monroe
9 Samurai Si
10 Of Matresses and Men
11 Duck No We Won't Go
12 Drag Me to Glory
13 I'm Dreaming of a Redneck Christmas

Season 3 
1 Duck Season Eve
2 Can't Hardly Weight
3 Shot Thru the Heart
4 Here Lizard, Lizard
5 Hallu-Si-Nations
6 Let's Go Hunting, Deer
7 Ca-Si-No Night
8 Duck Be a Lady
9 Ring Around the Redneck
10 Bass Man Standing
11 Si-amese Twins
12 Battle of the Brothers
13 Aloha, Robertsons!

All episodes are at least 640 x 360
