 http://beeimg.com/images/z25608640811.jpeg

Wondershare PDF Editor 3.1.0.7 Final Incl Serial - SceneDL

Wondershare PDF Editor lets you not only edit PDF files quickly and easily, but also convert them to Word, PowerPoint, Excel and EPUB files. Additionally, thanks to an available OCR plug-in (sold separately), you can edit and convert scanned PDF files. It’s everything you need to make last minute changes, rewrite entire sections, edit scanned PDF files, or convert to Office formats for heavy duty editing.

An Ultrafast PDF Editor You Can Afford
• Edit PDFs Exactly like a Word Processor
• Convert PDF to Word, PowerPoint, Excel and EPUB (Exclusive!)
• Edit or Convert Scanned PDFs (Available in OCR plug-in)
• Secure your PDFs with password protection
• Merge, split and extract PDF pages with ease
• Easily add comments, notes and more in PDF
• Create PDF from Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Text, etc.

Main Features:

Free Edit PDF – Just like a Word processor
Applied the User Interface of Microsoft Word, Wondershare PDF Editor makes editing PDF text, images and graphics so easy, as if users are editing a PDF on a Word processor.

Convert PDF to multiple formats
Taking reusing PDF files into consideration, Wondershare PDF Editor comes with the feature of converting PDF files. It is able to convert PDF files to Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Text, RTF, images and more.

Edit or convert scanned PDF (Available in OCR Plug-in)
After enabling PDF Editor OCR Plug-in, Wondershare PDF Editor is able to edit and convert scanned PDF files to editable Microsoft Office document, Rich Text format, Text quickly and accurately.

Secure PDF with Password Protection
To protect users’ PDF files, users are able to set password to protect a PDF from opening and apply permissions to protect PDF files from copying, editing and printing.

Insert, split, and merge PDF files
Users are capable of managing PDF files to fit perfectly. Just go to the Pages menu to insert blank page, PDF file, extract and crop PDF page(s), split a large PDF or merge multiple PDF files.

Comment and annotate PDF files
When reading a PDF file, on Wondershare PDF Editor, it is quite easy to draw attention to PDF text with highlight, underline, and strikethrough, add tickly note, text box, rectangles, clouds, etc.

OS : Windows 8/7/XP/Vista

Language : English

Home Page - http://www.wondershare.com

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Enter Email and Serial
3] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL