 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 97 - Top Secret America and The Cover Up in Oklahoma


POtHS Comments on This one:   Now that This Picture has pissed you off again, here is a list of The People That Really did.

Description:

PBS_Frontline Top Secret America:

A two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative reporter for The Washington Post Priest is the author, along with William Arkin, of Top Secret America: The Rise of the New American Security State. Here she takes FRONTLINE through the rapid growth of Top Secret America, which began with an impulse to secrecy and a blank check from Congress in the days after 9/11, and which now employs nearly a million people at 1,900 private companies and 1,300 federal organizations. “These are gigantic edifices that are going to stay,” she says. This is the edited transcript of an interview conducted on June 18, 2011.

How much did it cost the government to guard America’s secrets in 2011?  At least $11.36 billion — up 12 percent from the year before and double the amount it cost to classify secrets a decade ago — according to the Information Security Oversight Office’s annual report to the president (PDF).


Top Secret America is “here to stay,” warned Priest in an interview for the film. ”As far as Top Secret America goes and the structure that’s now firmly in place to do all this, this administration has only furthered that. They’ve done nothing to roll it back. They’ve done very little to look inside of it, to say: ‘What is it that works? What doesn’t work? What do we really need? And in this time of economic hardship, what don’t we need?’”.....
-----------------------------------------------------------


Cover Up in Oklahoma

The Oklahoma City bombing was in all likelihood a false flag state-sponsored terrorist bomb attack on the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995. It was the most destructive act of terrorism on American soil until the September 11, 2001 attacks. The Oklahoma blast claimed 168 lives, including 19 children under the age of 6 and injured more than 680 people. The blast destroyed or damaged 324 buildings within a sixteen-block radius, destroyed or burned 86 cars, and shattered glass in 258 nearby buildings. The bomb was estimated to have caused at least $652 million worth of damage. Extensive rescue efforts were undertaken by local, state, federal, and worldwide agencies in the wake of the bombing, and substantial donations were received from across the country. The Federal Emergency Management Agency activated eleven of its Urban Search and Rescue Task Forces, consisting of 665 rescue workers who assisted in rescue and recovery operations.

Almost everything you have been told about the Oklahoma City bombing by the corporate controlled media was a lie. Almost everything you know is wrong anyway. Question authority and think for yourself. Maybe you should compare the Oklahoma City bombing to the recent bombing in Oslo. Can you see the similarities? Some people want to be fooled. Truth is so ugly and the government's lies are so comforting. After all who wants to know that he is being ruled by criminals and that democracy never existed? Waking up can be so ugly. Remember Neo in 'The Matrix'? The truth is that you are a mind controlled slave. Maybe the demolition of this building was just a test run for 9-11.


           
:thankyou:  :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS
