Aura Motors - Gerry Vassilatos:
Aura studies provide the avid experimenter with many hours of edifying fascinations. The experiences gained in aura experiments always compels the reformation of scientific knowledge. Addressing the very foundations of existence, these experiments may serve as stimulants toward the redirection of personal philosophies. For those who hold a primarily mechanistic view of the world, aura studies will open a deeper and more qualitative perspective. Rediscovering the aura, and the behavior of the same in experimental inspections, holds immeasurable importance. One confronts ΓÇ£being and essenceΓÇ¥ on a far deeper level.

A few experimenters may have difficulty imagining it possible to actually measure or reveal the aura in its dynamic action. I believe the following series of experiments will prove otherwise, leading the Borderland Experimenter into new frontiers of consciousness.

AURA MOTOR EFFECTS

A remarkable series of discoveries proved it possible to show both the presence and polarity differences of the human aura through mechanical means. Motor effects show that a distant energy can cause a motional influence in an appropriate receiver. Aura motors suggest that usable motive power can be gotten from an application of biological energy, and this has been our ultimate hope. Mechanical aura motors began appearing all over Europe from the middle to late Nineteenth Century. These devices took the form of delicate vanes and spinning wheels. In their best embodiments, these were usually poised on the frictionless jewelled bearings of the watch making trade. These experimental designs opened the discovery of many wonderful auric phenomena, not the least of which was the realization that auric fluctuations existed throughout whole regions of land.

The inventors of these aura motors may provide a familiar but elusive list to our readers. The names Thore, Boirac, Baraduc, Cazzamali, Joire, Tromelin, and Zollner are a small sample of inventors whose input in this fascinating study are noteworthy. But, we can attempt some of these experimental designs ourselves, and at such an insignificant cost that it becomes ridiculous for us not to begin right away. What we will see in the following installment is that the aura is a tangible presence; one capable of moving light objects around. In this series of experiments we will prove that psychokinetic phenomena are not only real, but that they are actually quite commonplace throughout our environment.

Full details of the experiments can be found here: 
http://journal.borderlands.com/1998/vassilatos-aura-compass/