#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-11-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Jonny Bowden, Dr. Stephen Sinatra, James McCanney

Jonny Bowden, PhD (aka 'The Rogue Nutritionist') an expert on weight loss, nutrition and health, discussed how traditional heart disease protocols-- with their emphasis on lowering cholesterol, obscure the real causes of heart disease. Citing bad cholesterol or the LDL marker as the cause for heart disease is an inaccurate simplification, he said, adding that there are five different types of ADL, and five different types of LDL that be assessed by more accurate measures such as the Particle Test, rather than the more typical blood test. In general, the only people that need to be on statin drugs are middle-aged men who already have coronary disease, he remarked.

Often, doctors under report or disregard the side effects of their patients on statins, he continued. Bowden connected the prescribing of statins to male patients with an increase in sexual problems and ED. Rather than dietary fats, he pointed at sugar and refined carbohydrates as the real culprits in cardiovascular disease, with surging insulin levels causing inflammation in the small lining of blood vessels. Stress also contributes to heart disease, he noted.

As far as supplements, he recommended Coenzyme Q10, and omega 3 essential fatty acids for everyone, and for those who already have heart problems, 200-400mg of Coenzyme Q10, 400-600 mg of magnesium, 5 grams of ribose 3 times a day, and 2-3 grams of carnitine. The supplement Citrus Bergamot has also been found to contribute to a healthy heart, he added. Cardiologist and author Dr. Stephen Sinatra joined the conversation in the third hour, sharing Bowden's conclusions and supplement recommendations. Dr. Sinatra discussed the JUPITER trial, a study that evaluated whether statins reduced heart attacks in people with normal cholesterol levels. But after taking the statins, some women in the study started showing an increased risk for diabetes, he detailed.
Comets

First hour guest, maverick physicist James McCanney spoke about his just released ebook, Comets, and the current flurry of asteroids and comets that have passed our way, or will be arriving later this year or next. The newly announced comet C/2013 A1 is heading toward Mars, and may be on a collision course. If the comet misses, then we'll see electrical discharges, and changes in Mars' atmosphere, he noted, adding that the ancients described Mars as a blue planet that lost its oceans and atmosphere during a comet flyby. Regarding the arrival of comet ISON, he warned that it could potentially bring in sulfur dioxide from Jupiter, which could drift into Earth's atmosphere and poison our water.

News segment guests: Mish Shedlock, Christian Wilde
Website(s):

    jmccanneyscience.com
    jonnybowden.com
    drsinatra.com

Book(s):

    The Great Cholesterol Myth
    The 150 Healthiest Foods on Earth
    Living Low Carb

