Kazuhiro Fujitaki, Matsuda, and Trend-pro Co., Ltd.

The Manga Guide to Electricity

Front Cover
 
http://nostarch.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/product_full/mg_electricity_big.jpg

Details

Authors: Kazuhiro Fujitaki, Matsuda
Title: The Manga Guide to Electricity
Publication Date: March 2009
Pages: 224
List Price: $15.95 (E-Book)
File Format: PDF
File Size: 102 MB

Description

Rereko is just your average high-school girl from Electopia, the land of electricity, but she's totally failed her final electricity exam! Now she has to go to summer school on Earth. And this time, she has to pass.

Luckily, her ever-patient tutor Hikaru is there to help. Join them in the pages of The Manga Guide to Electricity as Rereko examines everyday electrical devices like flashlights, heaters, and circuit breakers, and learns the meaning of abstract concepts like voltage, potential, current, resistance, conductivity, and electrostatic force.

The real-world examples that you'll find in The Manga Guide to Electricity will teach you:

- What electricity is, how it works, how it's created, and how it can be used
- The relationship between voltage, current, and resistance (Ohm's law)
- Key electrical concepts like inductance and capacitance
- How complicated components like transformers, semiconductors, diodes, and transistors work
- How electricity produces heat and the relationship between current and magnetic fields

If thinking about how electricity works really fries your brain, let The Manga Guide to Electricity teach you all things electrical in a shockingly fun way.


Table of Contents

Preface
Prologue: From Electopia, The Land of Electricity
Chapter 1: What is Electricity?
Chapter 2: What are Electric Circuits?
Chapter 3: How Does Electricity Work?
Chapter 4: How Do You Create Electricity?
Chapter 5: How Can You Conveniently Use Electricity?
Epilogue
Index

About the Author

Kazuhiro Fujitaki is a lecturer at the Tokyo Metropolitan Vocational
Skills Development Center. He has written a number of books on electrical
engineering and runs a website offering useful information about Japan's qualifying
examinations for electrical technicians.

The Manga Guide Series