Here comes one of the first Classic Hungarian movies for which Custom ENG subtitles were created by us: 

This is the same torrent that was previously released on eutorrents!

In case there are no seeds, feel free to watch it on youtube:


Title: Deadly Spring
AKA: Erotiki thysia
Year: 1939
Original title: Halálos Tavasz
Runtime: 1 hour 35 minutes
Country: Hungary
Language: Hungarian (There was no Hungarian option in the piratebay menu!)
Subtitles: English (Custom Made)
Genre: Drama

Director: László Kalmár

Cast

Cast overview, first billed only:

Pál Jávor ... Dr.Egry István
Katalin Karády ... Ralben Edit
Éva Szörényi ... Nagy Józsa
Ilona Tasnádi ... Ralbenné (as Tasnády Ilona)
Artúr Somlay ... Ralben kegyelmes
Kálmán Rózsahegyi ... Plébános
Sándor Pethes ... Dr.Csokonai István
György Kürthy ... Képviselõ
Panni Kéry ... Margit
Éva Szaplonczay
Paula Bacsányi ... Juli, házvezetõnõ
Tivadar Bilicsi ... Boskó Pál,újságíró 
József Bihari ... Mák Pista,jegyzõ (as Bihary József)
Éva Adorján ... Maca, Józsa barátnõje
Böske T. Oláh


Plot / Synopsis

The movie is an honest presentation of the drama of a love-triangle, a man tortured by his feelings unable to choose between two women.

Review:

First of all: I'm not Hungarian and I don't understand Hungarian language at all! Still I 've bought this film in Budapest, during my vacation there, July 2005, because I found the story fascinating and the actress Katalin Karády just WONDERFUL !!! I did see this movie first at the Budapest Open Air film-festival and was lucky to find this film on DVD in a small shop there. Well, if someone who does not understand Hungarian language at all finds this film well enough to even BUY the DVD, this should be a good recommendation ,right.Since the actress Katalin Karady is very famous in Hungary ( she went to USA after world war II and died there in the 1990s)I was disappointed not to find much more by her in Budapest.I found very little on her but besides the DVD I found some CDs with Hungarian songs, featured in her films too.So, this was a recommendation for Halálos Tavasz from a Dutch admirer of Karady !

This heart-stopper is perhaps the work of a pure GENIUS.

Although setback by lack of technology and funds, this is still a masterpiece.

THE SUBTITLES ARE CUSTOM MADE, SPECIAL THANXXX TO MOVIOLA FOR HIS HELP IN CORRECTIONS!

Technical Specs
Source: Internet, pirateisland.ws, feliratok.com 
Group/Ripper: Special ThanxXx to errangon!
Video Format: AVI/XviD
Video Bitrate: 883 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps 
Aspect Ratio: 8:7
Resolution: 576 x 416
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.147
Audio Format: Joint Stereo LAME 3.9
Audio Bitrate: 129 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz