
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 44 - The Watchers Expose





POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh.

Description:

THE WATCHERS DOCUMENTARY UFO:
This documentary brings LA Marzulli, a favorite on the wildly popular Coast to Coast AM, into a realistic discussion on UFOs, entities, and the actual facts that are surrounding them. Dr. LA Marzulli is a leading expert in the field and author of several books on the topic including the most recent Alien Interviews. Marzulli looks at the current manifestations of UFO activity worldwide and relates these experiences to what ancient texts say about them, as well as current scientific hypothesis.

There is no doubt that UFOs are here and not going away. What does this mean? What are interdimensional beings? What are Orbs and why are all these things happening now? What is the difference between Orbs and Craft? Are implants real? Has humanity finally become enlightened enough to accept new life forms? The film also continues with an in depth interview with Dr. Roger Leir at his offices. Dr. Leir is known worldwide for his surgical removal and scientific testing of alien implants.

"The Watchers" --- Directed by Richard Shaw. Produced by LA Marzulli and Richard Shaw

-----------------------------------------------------------
Brain Invaders - Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Season 3, Episode 7 (Season Finale):
In the Season Finale of Season Three of Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Jesse and the crew investigate “a sinister plot that’s spreading across the country, and will soon target you”- the “Brain Invaders” Conspiracy.

Fallen Angels Attacked Twin Towers:
This video explains how the World Trade Center was attacked by fallen angels and not terrorists.  The rabbit hole goes deeper and deeper...

Planet X Debunked - Nibiru, Two Suns, and Marshall Masters' Theories Debunked:
This was originally and audio only refutation of Marshall Masters from the Nowhere to Run Podcast.

THE GENIUS OF ANCIENT MAN - Guest Don Landis:
More and more Christians are abandoning the account of Biblical Creation as told in Genesis for theistic evolution. Don Landis reveals some of the recent discoveries that support the Creation account in the Bible.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at


Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
