#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	01-21-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Paul Kimball, Rosemary Ellen Guiley

Called the Jack Kerouac of the paranormal, Paul Kimball, has been experiencing various paranormal phenomena in his travels along the weird highway of life. He shared his realizations that many strange experiences are actually interactions with advanced non-human intelligence including ghosts, time travelers, and aliens, who may be pulling things out of our own minds, and presenting it back to us in ways that we'll understand. This accounts for why tales of the paranormal have changed over various eras, from dragons to spaceships. Whoever is presenting these images is trying to appeal to a particular audience in a specific time frame, he said.

"The real question isn't 'who are they?' or 'where are they from?' but what are they trying to say to us, what's being imparted?," Kimball mused. He's concluded that most paranormal phenomena is a kind of artistic creation by this non-human intelligence. It may be part of a teaching or preparation process, whereby humans are encouraged to move up to the next level of development or think about things in a broader way, he continued. As part of the 'Observer Effect,' the non-human intelligence is making us aware that we're being watched or that there's something out there, which changes our behavior, he added.

The puzzle of the paranormal is to remind us that we're on a common journey and linked together-- "as individuals, you and I are notes, but together we're the melody," he commented. Kimball also discussed some of his investigations into the paranormal including ghosts (view excerpts from his Canadian TV series, Ghost Cases), the work of his uncle, the renowned ufologist Stanton Friedman, and the concept of synchronicity.
Nature of Miracles

First hour guest, author and paranormal expert Rosemary Ellen Guiley talked about the nature of miracles. In the West, we generally look at miracles as big events directed by God, but the eastern view perceives them as part of the natural order of life. When in a crisis situation, people sometimes tap into the divine for assistance, but the more a person has built a solid spiritual underpinning or practice in their life, the more likely they are to manifest a miracle, she said. Guiley referred to "Miracle Mind Consciousness," as a kind of timeless moment when one focuses their intentions or thoughts, and aligns then with higher forces.
Website(s):

   
    redstarfilmtv.com
    visionaryliving.com

Book(s):

    The Other Side of Truth
    The Encyclopedia of Demons and Demonology
    The Encyclopedia of Angels

