#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-12-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Nigel Kerner, Charles Fishman

In the first half, journalist Charles Fishman spoke about global water scarcity and how the U.S. is facing a record drought this summer. 2012 saw the worst drought in 60 or 70 years in America, with some $35 billion worth of damage to agriculture. "That's the equivalent of a Superstorm Sandy every single month for a year in terms of a damage," he commented, adding that currently almost the entire country west of the Mississippi River is having drought conditions, though it is not receiving much media attention. Fishman began his research in Australia, a country that had an unbroken drought that lasted 10 years. "That drought, which just ended two years ago, remade the entire country...the economics...and the water system; and every major city in Australia built desalination plants," he detailed.

Fishman argued that all water problems are local, as well as the solutions, many of which take a number of years to implement or to see full benefits from. He cited the city of Orlando, Florida as coming up with an innovative re-use program 25 years ago. Their wastewater treatment plants cleaned water almost to drinking standards, and then the county designated that this water must be used for all outdoor watering. 25 years later, the population of Orlando is double what it was, but they don't use a single gallon more of potable water than they did when the population was half the size, he noted.

-----------------------------------

Appearing in the last 90 minutes, author and researcher Nigel Kerner presented his contention that the grey aliens visiting Earth are a kind of bio-robotic or synthetic species, who seek to obtain the one thing they can't get elsewhere-- souls. He believes humans are the result of the aliens' ancient genetic tinkering, and currently they're creating special genotypes of humankind that they can access. Further, he suggested that when people die, a kind of coil or electromagnetic field is passed on, and that is what the aliens try to intercept or hack into with their own electronic means.

"They are trying to breed a kind of human whose actual souls they can access, and that's where I get the connection of the harvesting of souls," he continued, "because I don't believe that any single human being should be subject to some program run by an android super-intelligence that is there to simply mechanically take a propensity that each of us have for an eternal scale of existence." For more, check out Kerner's article Sim Card Man, which warns about humanity's drive toward artificial intelligence, as well as a video clip he sent us depicting ideas from his book.

News segment guests: Richard C. Hoagland, Stan Deyo
Website(s):

    nigelkerner.com
    thebigthirst.com

Book(s):

    Grey Aliens and the Harvesting of Souls
    The Song of the Greys
    The Big Thirst

