The smallest of British Railway’s Standard class locomotives, the BR Standard Class 2MT, is now available for Train Simulator.

Originally derived from the Ivatt-designed Class 2MT for the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, the BR Standard Class 2MT was designed by R.A. Riddles with a 2-6-0 wheel arrangement and tender, with some differences to its LMS cousin. Noticeably, these included a reduced cab and taller chimney, and copied the tender cab from the LMS version to give the crew better visibility, especially when running tender first.

The Class 2MT, often nicknamed ‘Mickey Mouse’, was also designed to be light in weight so it could operate on mostly light laid routes and secondary lines, primarily in the North of England and Scotland, proving its versatility to haul passenger and freight trains. The BR 2MT is also known as having one of the shortest operating lives of BR steam locomotives, being built between December 1952 and November 1956, and being withdrawn a few short years later by August 1967. However, four of the class have survived on the UK’s preserved lines.

The Standard Class 2MT for Train Simulator, developed by Digital Traction, is available in British Railways black livery with early and late crests, and features lamp and firebox effects, custom headcode and headlamps, realistic driving physics and steam effects.

The locomotive is also Quick Drive compatible, giving you the freedom to drive the BR Standard Class 2MT on any Quick Drive enabled route for Train Simulator, such as those available through Steam. Also included are scenarios specifically for the Western Lines of Scotland (available separately and required to play these scenarios).

Scenarios
Six scenarios for the Western Lines of Scotland:

All Fired Up
You’ve Got Mail
Stewartry All Stops
The Errand Boy
Galloway All Stops
Job Done
More scenarios are available on Steam Workshop online and in-game. Train Simulator’s Steam Workshop scenarios are free and easy to download, adding many more hours of exciting gameplay. With scenarios being added daily, why don’t you check it out now!

Click here for Steam Workshop scenarios.

Key Features
Standard Class 2MT in British Railways black (early and late crest) livery
Quick Drive compatible
Lamp and firebox lighting effects
Custom headcodes and headlamps
Realistic locomotive driving physics
Scenarios for the Western Lines of Scotland route

For install, copy the folders of 7z file in Railworks folder. Enjoy!