Issues 1-8 of Blab!

Kitchen Sink Press, 1986-1995

Blab! 01, 1986, 84 pages
Blab! 02, 1987, 96 pages
Blab! 03, 1988, 126 pages
Blab! 04, 1989, 124 pages
Blab! 05, 1990, 128 pages
Blab! 06, 1991, 124 pages
Blab! 07, 1992, 140 pages
Blab! 08, 1995, 112 pages

Partial list of contributors (over the run of the series): Doug Allen, Gary Baseman, Marc Burckhardt, Charles Burns, Rob & Christian Clayton, Daniel Clowes, Sue Coe, Joe Coleman, Al Columbia, Howard Cruse, Charles Dallas, Kim Deitch, Daniel Divox, Mary Fleener, Drew Friedman, Camille Rose Garcia, Justin Green, Bill Griffith, Matti Hagelberg, Tom Huck, Kaz, J. D. King, Kris Kuksi, Peter Kuper, Terry LaBan, Gary Leib, Jay Lynch, Mark Mothersbaugh, Gary Panter, Archer Prewitt, Spain Rodriguez, Sergio Ruzzier, Mark Ryden, Ryan Heshka, Richard Sala, Gilbert Shelton, Frank Stack, Gary Taxali, Chris Ware, Robert Williams, Skip Williamson, Brook Slane
 
No hyperbole, Blab! is one of the single best alternative comics anthology ever published. I've tried forever to find more of these and failed miserably. I tried to scan some of them from my own collection and the damage it was doing to their bindings was just too much (the later issues are 10" x 10" square bound) - I had to stop. Finally, FINALLY! I found some more of them. Of all the things I've uploaded, this is easily in my personal top ten.

Fair warning, though, the first issue is a (wonderful) series of essays from comic artists, creators and publishers on their memories of and thoughts about EC Comics (it's a great read - an incredible group of talent looking back thirty years, almost thirty years ago). Issue two contains a few illustrations and some other articles followed by another group of essays on EC Comics. The following issues all contain full comic stories along with some articles or essays (issue three has essays about Robert Crumb). The later issues, published by Fantagraphics instead of Kitchen Sink, were largely (if not completely) comics.

Of note, these books are watermarked in the lower right hand corner of each page. The 'Alec - The Years Have Pants' I uploaded had the same watermark. It's so unobtrusive as to barely be noticed most of the time. At first I assumed this was being done by a digital publisher, as I believe that's where these came from. But Fantagraphics is selling their books through Comixology and I don't think they watermark in that manner. Then I rememgered that issues 1-8 were published by Kitchen Sink Press, so maybe it's something they're doing with their digital books (although I don't think they're doing anything with their books in the digital domain). Or maybe it's a scanner/compiler watermarking their work. Which, while it would be annoying, is certainly possible. If anybody can supply me with an answer in the comments section I'd be most grateful.
