This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees (1994)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51VCXCARQQL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

All Music Album Review (by Richie Unterberger):

Not one of their better efforts, dominated almost wholly by session musicians (with the occasional songwriting and instrumental contribution by Mike Nesmith) and containing too many sickly sweet Davy Jones-sung numbers. It does have the hits "Daydream Believer" and "Valleri," as well as Nesmith's "Tapioca Tundra," which just inched into the Top 40, but overall the material is pretty weak. The CD adds some previously unissued songs and alternate takes, the only one of interest being Peter Tork's "Lady's Baby," which sounds like a Buffalo Springfield outtake with its laid-back country/folk/rock flavor.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-birds-the-bees--the-monkees-r44968

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000033E3

Track List:

01. Dream World
02. Auntie's Municipal Court
03. We Were Made for Each Other
04. Tapioca Tundra
05. Daydream Believer
06. Writing Wrongs
07. I'll Be Back Up on My Feet
08. The Poster
09. P.O. Box 9847
10. Magnolia Simms
11. Valleri
12. Zor and Zam
13. Alvin
14. I'm Gonna Try
15. P.O. Box 9847 (alternate mix)
16. The Girl I Left Behind Me (early version)
17. Lady's Baby (alternate mix)
