Год выпуска: 2005
Вид спорта: Футбол
Участники: Jose Mourinho
Продолжительность: 00:40:00 min
Комментарий: Не требуется
Описание:
Это документальный фильм о Жозе Моуринью, снятый каналом BBC.
Ведущий интервьер Gary Lineker (звезда английского футбола прошлых лет).
РУсского описания не нашел, по сему ниже следует англицкое.

Jose Mourinho hailed himself as the "Special One" when he joined Chelsea in the summer of 2004 after leading Porto to the Champions League title.
He has claimed the Premiership and a Carling Cup in his first season in charge and become one of English football's most charismatic characters.
You can watch the Portuguese manager give an insight into his life in this BBC One documentary.
He talks to Gary Lineker in a revealing interview.
Mourinho talks in his usual candid and captivating manner about joining Chelsea, chairman Roman Abramovich and his first campaign in the top-flight.
He talks about the problems of playing under his father in his playing days in his homeland and his rise through the coaching ranks under Bobby Robson and Louis van Gaal.
Mourinho's rivals in the Premiership give some of their thoughts on his impact and how they perceive the fellow manager.
The Stamford Bridge boss talks about his philosophy and the turning points in his career as he strives to be "number one".

Gary Lineker meets the man who has dominated the headlines in his first season in English football.
Jose Mourinho arrived at Stamford Bridge with a big reputation and, by his own admission, an ego to match.
A European Cup winner with unfashionable Porto, he has guided Chelsea to their first top-flight title for 50 years and captivated the public and media alike with his style and confidence.
Lineker talks to Mourinho about his route from unknown Portuguese coach to becoming the most successful manager of the last three years.
They also talk about his life away from the pressures of football and what drives him to become the best in his profession.
Доп. информация: Язык: английский
Качество: TVRip
Формат: AVI
Видео кодек: XviD
Аудио кодек: MP3
Видео: XVID 704x400 25.00fps
Аудио: MPEG-1 Layer 3, 48000Hz 128 kb/s tot , Joint Stereo