Bandicam

The most advanced PC screen and game recording software on the planet

The Bandicam program makes it possible to record a certain area on a PC screen, or on a program that uses the DirectX/OpenGL graphic technologies.
Bandicam will help you carry out a video record with high compression ratio, while keeping the video quality closer to the original work, and provides performance far superior to other programs that provide similar functions.

Video-recording of games and streaming videos

Recording of WOW, Minecraft, Webcam, and computer screen
MPEG-1, Xvid and MJPEG video codec support
PCM and MPEG-1 Layer II audio codec support
AVI video format (.avi) support
MPEG-1 video codec VBR mode support

Image-capturing of games and streaming videos

BMP, PNG and JPEG image format support
Continuous image capturing

Frame rate control (FPS management)

FPS overlay (Show FPS)
FPS limit

Key features of Bandicam

Bandicam can record DirectX/OpenGL programs like the Fraps (Fraps Alternative, Better than Fraps┬«)
The recoded file size is much smaller than other software (Bandicam compresses the video when recording)
You can upload the recorded file to YouTube without converting (720p/1080p full HD video can be made)
You can record over 24 hours without stopping (Auto Complete Recording function can be used)
You can record video at resolutions up to 2560*1600 in high quality
You will experience much less lag than with other capture programs (It uses much lower CPU/GPU/HDD)

Supported OS: 

Operating system: Windows 2000, 2003, XP, Vista, 7/8 (Support for 32-bit and 64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.bandicam.com/





Installation Instructions:

Important Note - Disable & unplug the network cable (LAN) from your modem before installing !

- Install program.
- Do not run.
- How to Block with Firewall (Windows 7)
  Do this:

1. Open 'Control Panel'
2. Click 'System and Security'
3. Click 'Windows Firewall'
4. On the left panel click 'Advanced Settings'
5. On the left click 'Inbound Rules'
6. On the right click 'New Rule'
7. 
 a- Program
 b- Navigate to Bandicam install location and select bandicam.exe
 c- tick the 'Block Program' bubble
 d- tick all 4 boxes
 e- Name it ("Bandicam")
8. Do same thing in "Outbound rules"

- Run "KeyMaker" as Administrator (Windows vista/7/8 users only) to Register application.
- Now run RegFixer.exe as admin and backup keys selecting options 1&3.
- Now run the program. It will run for first time, but second time it will give you
  error, "application is invalid". close the application.
- Now again run RegFixer.exe as admin and restore regkeys selecting options 2&4.

Then bandicam should work fine and not give the 'Invalid Program' error anymore. 
Enjoy & keep recording friends; & Please seed after you download!
