


 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 20 - The Bible - History Channel HDTV - Week 1



POtHS says: This is good for all ages.

Description:

This is a HD quality Avi file.

From Executive Producers Roma Downey and Mark Burnett comes The Bible — an epic 10-part miniseries retelling stories from the Scriptures for a whole new generation. Breathtaking in scope and scale, The Bible features powerful performances, exotic locales and dazzling visual effects that breathe spectacular life into the dramatic tales of faith and courage from Genesis through Revelation. This historic television event is sure to entertain and inspire the whole family.

Los Angeles, Calif. (April 19, 2013) – The hottest show on television keeps getting hotter: Sunday’s third installment of THE BIBLE was once again tops in the ratings for all of television, drawing 11 million viewers.

That marks the second time in three weeks the epic miniseries bested even perennial ratings powerhouse “60 Minutes” – a show with a storied pedigree it premiered when THE BIBLE executive producers, husband and wife Roma Downey and Mark Burnett, were just 7 years old.

Since debuting March 3, THE BIBLE has been seen by more than 68 million people in its first-run airings and encore presentations.

“The most-read book of all time is the most-watched TV event of our time!” Burnett said. “Roma and I can’t thank the show’s millions of fans enough for taking this passion project of ours and making it the breakout hit of the year.”

Downey said she never envisioned the series rocketing to such success when she bounced the idea for the show off her husband over a cup of tea nearly four years ago.

“We just wanted to breathe a little fresh visual life into the sacred text we both love,” she said. “The response has been more than we could have hoped for. The Bible says we love God because He first loved us; the ratings show just how deeply people love God, and we pray the series makes clear just how deeply God loves us.”

Four new episodes of THE BIBLE remain, to be aired in two-hour blocks on March 24 and Easter Sunday, March 31, at 8/7c on HISTORY. The series devotes itself during the rest of its run to the ministry, teachings, death, resurrection and ascension of Jesus, and the work of His disciples to build the Christian church.

“We really believe the best is still to come,” Burnett said.

“If you’ve liked what you’ve seen so far,” Downey added, “just wait!”



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
