Tav-the final Hebrew letter. In Ancient Hebrew it is "the sign" or "the cross".Tav is the symbol for "truth and "perfection". It is the signature of God and I will prove it in this video. 

In the Western world, we study the Bible in English transliterated from Greek text.If you want to get closer to God, study the Hebrew letters and find the Hebrew text and meaning of the Bible.You can use Strong's concordance(look up app) to help find Hebrew text.The "Complete Jewish Bible" by David H. Stern is another great source. Free Hebrew/Greek interlinear Bible software at www.scripture4all.org/

 

The Hebrew Alphabet is made up of 22 letters.Learn the letters of the Bible and you can start to learn the words of the Bible.When you study the Bible from a Hebrew perspective-all sorts of Hidden Treasures will be revealed to you.

In the English Bible- Rev 1:11 "I am the Alpha and Omega"-that is Greek. Our God is the King of the Jews. He said, "I am the Aleph and Tav".

All the El Shaddai videos and notes are FREE to anyone by going to the El Shaddai ministries website.Then scroll down and click on ARCHIVES.Then you look through the past teaching.It takes some searching.DL's are faster at their site.

Make a copy of the El Shaddai notes, they go along with the video.The other video offers some info. But El Shaddai is the best source to use.If you don't have time to watch the video- Look at all the slides and then listen to the mp3 while on the go.

 I am just trying to make it easier for more people to share this information. I encourage you to seed this and share with others. Support El Shaddai ministries, if you can. There are services every Saturday that are live streamed on the Web. They can later be downloaded.  


Please leave a comment if you find these lessons helpful.If there is interest, I will add more lessons. 

There are dark days coming to this world. We have nothing to fear in this world if we place our faith and will in the hand of God. Yeshua will be our covering. We must be a blessing to Israel for God to bless us. Be weary of people who think they have replaced the Jews or want to persecute the Jews.	