Michael Brito - Smart Business, Social Business: A Playbook for Social Media in Your Organization
Published: 2011-07-24 | ISBN: 0789747995 | PDF | 272 pages | 4 MB


This book will help organizations evolve into a fully collaborative social business. It serves as a step by step playbook to achieve organizational change, process efficiencies and technology acumen:
Proven solutions for the real people, process, and technology obstacles businesses face in using social media behind the firewall.
How to have the successful internal conversations with stakeholders, partners and global teams that lead to successful external conversations with the social customer
Strategies for improving organizational dynamics, collaboration, governance, training, engagement, policies, technology integration, workflows, social CRM, and metrics
Many organizations today have already evolved into social brands. They may be active on Twitter andthey may have corporate blogs and communities and they are trying hard to engage effectively with the social customer. However, behind the firewall, chaos, anarchy, and conflict reign. In Smart Business, Social Business, leading enterprise social business consultant shows how to build an internal framework based on change management that will lead to success with social media: one that will make external engagement more effective, meaningful, and sustainable. Michael Brito systematically identifies the internal culture, process and technology obstacles to long-term success with social media, and offer best practice solutions. He discusses a wide spectrum of issues, offering actionable intelligence and helping decision-makers build strategies and plans that deliver value. Topics addressed include change management, organizational models and dynamics, internal communications, collaboration, governance, metrics, training, employee activation, policies, technology integration, workflows, social CRM, and much more. Drawing on his own experience working for Silicon Valley companies, HP, Yahoo! and Intel, Brito presents dozens of examples and case studies. Using this book, companies can begin to transform their organizations from just a "social brand" to a fully collaborative and dynamic "social business.ΓÇ¥