Max Picard (foreword by Gabriel Marcel) - The World of Silence (Regnery, 1948). 232 pages.

This is not a good quality scan. I made it from a source file that was a very bad photocopy of the printed book. That photocopy  used reduced-size page images (so there were 4 printed pages per letter-size page), resulting in a considerable loss of detail in the images. I've done what I could to make the text readable -- there's now only one printed page per pdf page, and the text can be discerned -- but the result is still not good.  I'm posting it here only because the book itself is extremely scarce and deserves to be made available. It's really an unknown classic.


description:

Something like a hymn, a prayer, a work of devotion rather than philosophical analysis. A book that could be read (perhaps should be read) contemplatively rather than discursively, so that each sentence and word is allowed to work its way through the frantic motions of our brains into the quieter notions of our hearts, shaping a whole new and wonderful vision of the world. For it is all of creation, both visible and invisible, that Picard senses as emerging from the fertile womb of silence, about which adjectives like divine and holy and life-giving might properly be applied: 'it is a positive, a complete world unto itself.' Whether Picard is speaking of God or man, language or music, the world of nature or of human artifice, silence is the lingua franca which he develops in images both aural and (even more strikingly) visual: 'the branches of the trees are like dark lines that have followed the movements of the silence; the leaves thickly cover the branches as if the silence wanted to conceal itself. . .The forest is like a great reservoir of silence out of which the silence trickles in a thin, slow stream and fills the air with its brightness.' Picard's great prose poem, like the silence it depicts, 'does not fit into the world of profit and utility; it simply is. It seems to have no other purpose; it cannot be exploited.' Perhaps herein also lies our highest praise for this remarkable book.