Puppy Development Guide - PUPPY 101 for Dog Lovers: The Secrets to Puppy Training without Force, Fear, and Fuss

I strongly believe EVERY puppy can be developed to become the dog we want. Without applying any force, without raising any fear, and without giving any bribe (that's what food treats really are). We call this:

The NO-Force, NO-Fear, NO-Fuss Puppy Training

In fact, this book is not just another puppy training book. It is a unique approach to develop our puppy to become the dog we want. Right from the start, and with ease. A Puppy 101 for dog lovers.

Happy puppy, happy dog, happy owner!

Note that this Puppy 101 is applicable regardless of the breed of dog you have or plan to get. Success guaranteed!

This means, if you are not entirely happy with the outcome, although you feel you have given it a serious try, you get your money back: We refund the purchase price of this book; simply send an email with your Amazon purchase order to the address given in the book.

You may wonder why we can be so confident to guarantee success?
We are so confident because our puppy development or dog training approach wins every time. Regardless of breed, every dog that is treated the way we recommend has been turned around, even the most destructive dogs rescued after weeks in a shelter.

Without applying any force
Without raising any fear
And without bribing with food treats
Also, without shouting or scolding
And without pulling on the collar or lead
Or pushing the puppy.
No, no fuss at all!

That's why it's called The NO-Force, NO-Fear, NO-Fuss Puppy Training. A real Puppy 101 for dog lovers.

Sample From The Content

    Getting a Puppy
    Where to get a Puppy
    What do I need for a New Puppy
    Puppy Development Timeline
    When to Start Puppy Training
    The Prime Secret about Dogs
    How to Become the Accepted Pack Leader
    The ONLY Punishment you'll ever need
    Puppy Training versus Relationship Building
    Managing Puppy Nipping and Biting, Barking and Aggression!