Republic: The Revolution - GOG Release
Publisher: EidosInc | Developer: ElixirStudios | Released: Aug 27 2003 | Size: 822 MB | Platforms: Windows
Genre: Action Simulation


In Republic: The Revolution, you must rise to power in a former Soviet state using political and coercive means.
The game opens showing you the current dictator of the country of Novistrana, and what horrible acts he commits against the populace, including giving an order to abduct your entire family.
You are then presented with ten multiple choice questions.
Answer carefully! Your answers will determine who your character is and how he acts.
At the outset, you are a nobody.
Your first job is to hire some henchmen you can order around.
Once you hire some people, you can instruct them to perform various acts to help gain support.
Some of these acts include bribing officials (bribe the police chief so he'll look the other way), intimidate people, commit assault, arson, and even murder (only when you have to).
There are also peaceful ways of gaining support, such as attending charity gala's or donating money to a worthy cause.
You can hire someone to go around plasting posters, gaining political support, or you can hire a person to go door-to-door advertising you and what you stand for.
You can hire a boxer to fight for you, tell him how aggressive you want him to be, and if he wins, more support for you.
If not, well, there's always blackmail.
The main campaign has you trying to overthrow the current president so that you may take control of the country.
You'll have to go through three different cities to reach your ultimate goal, each one harder and larger than the one before it.
Most of the game takes place in an open-ended 3D environment, where you can walk (or drive) around.
Everybody in the game, from the man in the store to the old lady in the walker, has a name and political alignment, and it's your job to make sure they see things your way.
When push comes to shove, and the current president tries to get rid of you, you can initiate a peaceful protest and stand in front of tanks, blocking their path.
Whether they stop or not is dependent on how the military likes you.
There are multiple ways to finish the game, guaranteeing a couple of replays.
You can go through the game completely neutral, or you can go all out, committing terrorist acts and inciting national riots.
Victory means the presidency.
You don't want to know what happens if you lose....

Minimum System Requirements

OS: Windows 98/ME/2000/XP
Processor: 800 MHz
Memory: 512 Mb
Hard Drive: 1 Gb free
Video Memory: 32 Mb
Sound Card: DirectX CompatibleDirectX: 8.1
Keyboard&Mouse

Installation

1. Install
2. Play (NO DRM IN ANY GOG RELEASE! EVER!)
