 http://www.gog.com/gamecard/heroes_chronicles_all_chapters

Heroes Chronicles is the pure essence of the Heroes of Might and Magic series, distilled and refined for more concentrated gaming goodness.

Heroes Chronicles contains the same genre-defining turn-based gameplay, but it has a bigger emphasis on experiencing a more complete story, and as a result the ΓÇ£one more turnΓÇ¥-factor is immense! Follow the steps of Tarnum, a barbarian who, upon hearing from a bard about a tale that barbarians were once ruled the continent of Antagarich, unites the savage tribes and wages war on everyone. This renegade has to serve the ancient Ancestors (the Barbarian gods) to redeem his soul in order to be permitted into the Paradise, the barbarian Valhalla.
Visit a plethora of places ranging from barren caves to lush jungles over the course of hundreds of centuries and several worlds. In the Elemental Plane, subjugate the Elemental Lords that want to conquer the real world. In the Underworld, deal with various powerful demons to retrieve a heroes soul--and more! Guide Tarnum through an epic story of struggle, success, defeat, and redemption, all in the awesome Heroes of Might and Magic universe.

What's cool about it:
Spinoff of the classic Heroes of Might and Magic series - 8 games, each a chapter of the immortal hero's story.
Different atmosphere in each campaign - from arid, deserted wastelands to beautiful and lush forests.
A fun, extensive, and addictive turn-based strategy experience that will keep you hooked up for many hours.

Overview:
Eight titles featuring the gameplay you know and love from Heroes of Might and Magic III. Eight chapters that tell the story of Tarnum, a barbarian hero and liberator of his kinsmen. After generations of oppression, Tarnum discovers his people's true history and leads an army of Stronghold troops against their tyrannical masters. Marching from the arid roughlands of his homeland and the muggy swamps of the lowlands, he follows and even surpasses the deeds of his legendary ancestor, who defeated the spellcasting oppressors long ago.

This great pack of all eight Heroes Chronicles chapters will allow you to spend hours adventuring on the continent of Antagarich.

"Heroes Chronicles: All chapters" includes "Warlords of the Wastelands", "Conquest of the Underworld", "Masters of the Elements", "Clash of the Dragons", "The Final Chapters", "The World Tree", "The Fiery Moon", "Revolt of the Beastmasters", and "The Sword of Frost".

Requirements: ESRB Rating: EVERYONE with Animated Violence.
Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1 GHz Processor (1.4 GHz recommended), 256MB RAM (512 recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), Mouse, Keyboard.