  Mumford and Sons - Sigh No More (2009) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 2009
  Duration: 48:33
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Indie Folk
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 2,500 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz

  A1. Sign No More
  A2. The Cave
  A3. Winter Winds
  A4. Roll Away Your Stone
  A5. White Blank Page
  A6. I Gave You All

  B1. Little Lion Man
  B2. Timshel
  B3. Thistle & Weeds
  B4. Awake My Soul
  B5. Dust Bowl Dance
  B6. After The Storm

  English folk outfit Mumford and Sons' full-length debut owes more than a cursory nod to bands like the Waterboys, the Pogues, and The Men They CouldnΓÇÖt Hang. The group's heady blend of biblical imagery, pastoral introspection, and raucous, pub-soaked heartache may be earnest to a fault, but when the wildly imperfect Sigh No More is firing on all cylinders, as is the case with stand-out cuts like "The Cave," "Winter Winds," and "Little Lion Man," itΓÇÖs hard not to get swept up in the rapture. Like their London underground folk scene contemporaries Noah & the Whale, Johnny Flynn, and Laura Marling, Mumford & Sons' take on British folk is far from traditional. There's a deep vein of 21st century Americana that runs through the album, suggesting a healthy diet of Fleet Foxes, Arcade Fire, Sufjan Stevens, Blitzen Trapper, and Marah. That melding of styles, along with some solid knob-twiddling from Arcade Fire/Coldplay producer Markus Dravs, helps to keep the record from completely sinking into the quicksand of its myriad slow numbers -- tracks like "I Gave You All," "Thistle & Weeds," and "After the Storm" are pretty and plain enough, but they neuter a band this spirited. Sigh No More is an impressive debut, but one that impresses more for its promise of the future than it does its wildly inconsistent place in the present. [A Deluxe Edition of Sigh No More was released in December 2010, and featured the original album, a second disc of 12 live recordings, and a DVD that included all three installments of the documentary "Gentlemen of the Road."]



