Here is All nine novels in the QUARRY series in ePub:

Quarry (aka The Broker) (Quarry #1)
Max Allan Collins's (Road to Perdition) cult favorite Quarry, back in print after decades and now available for the first time in a edition. With a new afterword by the author. Quarry, a hitman working with a shadowy figure called the Broker, turns a river town upside down after being played for a sucker on his latest job. They don't come any harder-boiled than Quarry. "Violent and volatile and packed with sexuality . . . classic pulp fiction" (USA Today).

Quarry's List (aka The Broker's Wife) (Quarry #2) 
Killer-for-hire Quarry is trying to lie low when he gets a midnight visit from two gunmen sent by an old associate. Someone wants Quarry off the scene--for keeps. Back in print, this early crime novel by the author of The Road to Perdition shows once again that nobody is harder-boiled than Quarry. With a new Afterword by the author.

Quarry's Deal (Quarry #3)   
The third in the cult-favorite series about a hitman named Quarry. No longer a killer-for-hire, Quarry now offers his services to people targeted by other hitmen. In this case, the assassin is a beautiful woman who may be as deadly at the game as Quarry himself. 

Quarry's Cut (aka The Slasher) (Quarry #4) Quarry has semi-retired following the death of his broker, but he has managed to purloin the Broker’s files and now makes his living offering his services to targets of the contracts and then taking out the contractor who hired the hit-man. He’s enjoying chili at Wilma’s Inn close to his A-frame house when he sees Turner, a hit-man and former partner with whom he had had a falling out several years before. They exchange a few words (euphemistically speaking) and Quarry beats the target’s name out of him, thinking he, himself, might be the target, in which case it will be important to learn who might have hired Turner.He learns the real target is a porno movie director (and soon the puns come fast and furious) and makes his way to the abandoned resort where Jerry Castile, the director, is shooting what he hopes will be his last porno flick. Quarry offers him his deal and soon we are in the midst of an Agatha Christie with bodies falling and a blizzard cutting everyone off from the outside. Quarry only knows that one of the cast may be Turner’s partner in the hit.

AND 5 more excellent Quarry novels in this collection......
 