One More From the Road (Styled as "One More For From the Road") is a live album by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It marked the band's first live album, and the only live album from the so-called "classic" era of the band (1970–1977) prior to the plane crash that killed lead singer/songwriter Ronnie Van Zant, as well as band members Steve Gaines and Cassie Gaines. The album was released in September 1976. It was certified Gold on 10/26/1976, Platinum on 12/30/1976 and 3x Platinum on 7/21/1987 by the RIAA.

The original 12 tracks include a cover of Jimmie Rodgers' "T for Texas" and an 11:30 version of "Free Bird".

The Deluxe Edition, released in 2001, is thoroughly remastered and contains additional performances from the Fabulous Fox Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia.

Track Listing [320k MP3]

    "Workin' for MCA" (Ed King, Ronnie Van Zant) – 4:38
    "I Ain't the One" (Gary Rossington, Van Zant) – 3:37
    "Searching" (Allen Collins, Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller, Van Zant) – 3:51
    "Tuesday's Gone" (Collins, Rossington, Van Zant) – 7:39
    "Saturday Night Special" (King, Van Zant) – 5:30
    "Travellin' Man" (Leon Wilkeson, Van Zant)– 4:08
    "Whiskey Rock-a-Roller" (King, Billy Powell, Van Zant) – 4:14
    "Sweet Home Alabama" (King, Rossington, Van Zant) – 6:49
    "Gimme Three Steps" (Collins, Van Zant) – 5:00
    "Call Me the Breeze" (J.J. Cale) – 5:27
    "T for Texas" (Jimmie Rodgers) – 8:26
    "The Needle and the Spoon" (Collins, Van Zant) – 4:17
    "Crossroads" (Robert Johnson) – 3:44
    "Free Bird" (Collins, Van Zant) – 11:30

Personnel

    Ronnie Van Zant – lead vocals
    Steve Gaines - guitar, backing vocals
    Allen Collins – guitar
    Gary Rossington – guitar, keyboards
    Billy Powell – keyboards
    Leon Wilkeson – bass, backing vocals
    Artimus Pyle – drums
    JoJo Billingsley, Cassie Gaines, Leslie Hawkins – backing vocals

Remaster differences

The 2001 remaster of this album, produced by Ron O'Brien, slightly changed some of the original recordings. In addition to the album being completely re-EQ-ed, adding deleted tracks back into the set, the audience tracks being "beefed up" and a new mix being done to every track, many of the obvious overdubs were corrected and removed from the tracks, along with the album being resequenced into the correct set list order.

Changes include:

    Workin' for MCA
        The opening to Workin' for MCA on the original cut featured just Rossington's guitar performing the solo somewhat off-beat while Allen Collins played the main riff with Steve Gaines. The remaster has removed the overdubbed guitar from Collin's part to reveal the dual lead at the beginning (which was how the song was always played live).
        Also removed is the slight delay put behind Gaines' solo mid-way through the song. The EQ on the solo has been changed somewhat to make the solo blend more with the rest of the band. It is likely that Gaines redubbed this solo using his Fender Twin amp rather than his Peavey Mace.
    I Ain't the One
        There seems to be some additional dubbing to cover up Rossington's beginning mistake on the main riff just as Van Zant ad-libs "Let's pick it up!"
    Saturday Night Special
        Various overdubs on Rossington's solos were removed.
    The Needle and the Spoon
        Some slight re-arranging of instruments. Gaines' guitar is now in between right and center while Rossington is panned dead right, whereas before it was the opposite.
    Gimme Three Steps
        The audio of Gaines tuning his guitar in between songs was removed.
    T for Texas
        A slightly evident overdub on Collins' guitar is still present
    Sweet Home Alabama
        The delay present behind Gaines' final solo on the song has been dramatically reduced, most likely by increasing the crowd noise.
    Crossroads
        The overdubs on Collins' solos are still present.
    Free Bird
        The master reel containing Collins' original (to the album) overdubbed solo was missing at the time of the remaster process. As a result, the track was remastered "as recorded" - the original live take is heard.
