Artist: Peter Broderick
Release: These Walls of Mine
Released: 2012
Label: Erased Tapes
Catalog#: ERATP045
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
Country: Europe
Style: ambient, folk, acoustic, modern.classical, minimal.electronic




1	 Inside Out There	
2	 Freyr!	
3	 I’ve Tried	
4	 Proposed Solution To The Mystery Of The Soul	
5	 When I Blank I Blank	
6	 These Walls Of Mine I	
7	 These Walls Of Mine Ⅱ	
8	 I Do This	
9	 Copenhagen Ducks	
10	 Til Danmark

Peter Broderick’s purposeful, mindful delivery and thoughtful lyrics leave vivid images behind the shaded lids of closed eyes. These Walls of Mine is about leaving an imagined safe haven, and facing the real, inner thoughts which we all experience. It’s a contemplative questioning of ourself and our emotions and where they can lead us, taking form in loneliness, abandonment, a craving for acceptance, why we do what we do and why it matters. The elements of melody, harmony and rhythm are found in Broderick’s soulful vocals, and not just in an instrumental context. Broderick’s voice is the true instrument. Elements such as these are often perceived on first thought as belonging to a physical instrument, one linked to the body rather than resonating from deep within it.
In truth, the two extremes of intensity and sensitivity can be heard through lyrical expression.

These Walls of Mine, as the title suggests, is a deeply personal, intimate recording. Contributing to the lyrics are friends and strangers, with the help of the internet, yet it is always Broderick who articulates these, gifting a personal touch through his voice. Yet, at the same time, Broderick speaks perceptions and thoughts of others in the world. Broderick’s lyrics are veiled in abstraction, absorbing in their form and lighting flickers of thoughts in the mind like a candle in the dark. This soft light links narrator to listener, using words as music, deeply evocative in their open revealings. It’s a cryptic diary recounting musings hidden permanently from others in our invisible enclosures. These Walls of Mine is like the truest of mirrors, one which we approach and stare into everyday, looking back on an untroubled face yet one with haunted eyes, hiding our own inner walls of struggle. The many voices of strangers and friends alike are entrancing and intriguing, spinning an entangled web of thoughts. Broderick’s vocal expression moves from song to spoken word, beatboxing to rap, hushed whispers to gospel-influenced musings on the nature of the soul. Whether it is a call and response, a softly sighed whisper or a poem, his flexibility as a songwriter and the ability to realise it with no faults present is a beautiful thing to see. These Walls of Mine is all about expression, piecing together a broken mosaic.