Macro Recorder is not only a mouse recorder, keyboard recorder and player. It is also a very powerful automation software and EXE-compiler. All recorded keystrokes and mouse activity can be saved to disk as a macro (script) for later use, bound to hotkeys, extended with custom commands or even compiled to an EXE file (a standalone Windows application). This macro recording program will save you a lot of time on repetitive tasks. You can use the Macro Recorder to automate ANY activity in ANY windows application, record on-screen presentations and tutorials.
Macro Recorder easily automates your routine tasks
This keyboard and mouse recorder allows:
 

    recording macros of your routine tasks
    or creating macros from scratch using the macro editor and built-in commands like "open file", "shutdown", "launch website" and even for-loops and if-statements like in "big" programming languages.

Make your own programs and macros - no programming skills required.
Powerful automation software
Benefits:
 

    Extremely easy. Macro Recorder features an easy and straightforward user interface. Forget about hours wasted on reading manuals. Start using Macro Recorder in seconds. Just click "Record" with your mouse and perform some activity.
    Flexible. Edit your macros with the built-in full-featured Visual Macro Editor, enjoy the Macro Recorder's full windows-shell integration and scheduling
    Automation software. Insert custom commands and statements into your macros, like: "launch website", "open file", "wait for window", "goto", "shutdown" and many more. Add logic to your macros using the "IF - THEN" statement, "REPEAT X TIMES" statement.
    EXE-compiler. Convert your macro to an EXE-file which runs on any windows-compatible computer. To save space and improve performance the resulting EXE file is packed and compressed using the advanced optimization techniques.
    Accessible. Assign your mouse & keyboard macros to hotkeys and run it from any application
    Adjustable. Variable playback speed, macro recording filters, loop macro playback, "stealth-mode" macro recording and more.
    Debug your macros: insert breakpoints, play partially or loop your playback.
    Human-readable macro file format, plain text script easy for editing in external editors
    SMART-Rec mouse macro recording technology

    Save your time and let Macro Recorder do your work for you
    Automate all kinds of repetitive tasks: auto-fill forms, generate reports etc.
    Automate software testing
    Perform system maintenance with Macro Recorder
    Use Macro Recorder as a keyboard & mouse tracer
    Auto-login to your online accounts (web-mail, forums), or use it as an auto-clicker.
    Create tutorials and presentations with Macro Recorder.
    Any task, which requires you to record your keystrokes, including passwords and "system" keys (ctrl, alt, numlock, shift etc.), record key combinations, record mouse movements and clicks.

~~ Whats New In this Version ~~
Macro Recorder 5.5.5 released 12/23/2012

    Fixed occasional crashes when offline
    Reworked serial-number engine. Fixes slow startup in Windows 8

