[code]18th century North America. After more than 20 years of conflict, the Thirteen Colonies and the British Crown are on the brink of all-out war. Battle lines are drawn. Bloodshed is inevitable.

Out of the embers of his burning village, a new assassin will rise. Born of Mohawk and British descent, his fight for freedom and justice will be forged in the flames of revolution.

Eliminate your foes with an expanded arsenal of weaponry including bows, pistols, the tomahawk, and the signature blade of the Assassin Order.
Explore densely populated cities, situated along the vast wilderness of a dangerous frontier, abundant with wildlife.
An all-new game engine delivers the brutality and the beauty of a nation caught in an epic war for independence.

Minimum System Requirements

OS: Windows Vista (SP2) / Windows 7 (SP1) / Windows 8
CPU: 2.66 GHz Intel Core2 Duo E6700 or 3.00 GHz AMD Athlon 64 X2 6000+ or better recommended
RAM: 2 GB (4 GB recommended)
GPU RAM: 512 MB DirectX 9.0c-compliant with Shader Model 4.0 or higher (see supported list)*
GPU: Nvidia GeForce 8600 GT or AMD Radeon HD 3870
AUDIO: DirectX 9.0c-compliant (5.1 surround sound recommended)
DVD: Dual-layer drive
HDD: 17 GB of free hard disk space
OTHER: Windows-compatible keyboard, mouse, optional controller (Xbox 360 Controller for Windows recommended)
Multiplayer: 256 kbps or faster broadband connection
AC3 Supported Video Cards:
AMD Radeon HD 3870 / 4000 / 5000 / 6000 / 7000 series or better
NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT / 9 / 100 / 200 / 300 / 400 / 500 / 600 series or better
Notes: Laptop versions of these cards may work, but are not supported. These chipsets are the only ones that will run this game.

Title: Assassin’s Creed® III
Genre: Action, Adventure
Developer: Ubisoft Montreal
Publisher: Ubisoft
Release Date: Nov 2012
Languages: English

Assassins Creed III v1.04 Update REPACK-SKIDROW
SIZE: 90 MB

——————————-

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This has only been tested on own Assassins.Creed.III-SKIDROW release
as RELOADED’s release is nothing more than a dupe!

We decided to implent and emulate the latest version of the Ubisofts
orbit launcher, to enable every offline function, that their orbit
service gives users who actually owns the original. Simply to offer
emulated functions that noone else in the scene currently offers

You’ll notice it when you see it!


Assassins Creed III v1.04 Update info:

ABILITIES

It is no longer possible to get multiple streaks for the same kill or stun.
It is no longer possible to continuously use a loss streak under certain conditions.
After a character dies, their smoke bomb ability cooldown is not improperly reset anymore in Domination on Northwest Passage.
The aiming FX for knives is no longer stuck on the screen if the ability is used while the character is walking in an idle state at the beginning of a session.
Players can no longer use the Animus Hack when stunned.

MAP SPECIFIC

In Saint Pierre, Martinique characters no longer remain stuck inside the sugar cane field when trying to stun their pursuer under certain conditions.
In Charlestown, the camera now works as intended when the player hides in a haystack under a roof.

MODE SPECIFIC

In Wolfpack, Players can now kill the final boss even if the last targets (in session 24) are killed with the Animus hack win streak.
In Wolfpack, fixed a bug where the game could be stuck for a player at the start of a four players Wolfpack session on the night version of the Charlestown map.
In Wolfpack, the extra objective now refreshes properly if the host leaves the session when the synchronized kill staging starts.
In Domination, fixed instances where the game could crash at the end of a session.
In Domination, chase breakers in an enemy base don’t incorrectly open for a player fast walking towards them under certain conditions.
In Assassinate, the lock is no longer cancelled when the pursuer enters a haystack.
In Artifact Assault, the player no longer re-spawns with the flag if killed with a gun in mid-air while jumping in the enemy base under certain conditions.

MISC

Players are no longer stuck under certain conditions after performing a contested kill at the base of a crane.
Several issues which happened when the group leader would back from searching for game sessions have been corrected.
Weather effects now work properly for all players in a session.
The variety bonus counter is no longer broken under certain conditions.

PC SPECIFIC

Some user interface overlap problems have been fixed.
Improvements have been made to the Loyalty feature.
A quick access to the Abstergo Store has been added. You can now access it from any screen by clicking on the wallet icon in your player profile area in the top right hand corner.
A new tip about the Abstergo Store has been added.[/code]