----------

STOSSEL - [The Debt Bomb] - Fox Business Network
2013, February 28, Thursday

Xvid/MP3 AVI - encoded from medium quality ReplayTV stream

----------

[excerpted from John Stossel's blog:]

President Obama says the sequester is like taking "a meat cleaver to the budget."

I wish that were true. This week, I grab a meat cleaver and point out what ought to be cut.

Despite the big spenders' hysteria about "long TSA lines, no meat inspection, abandoned children!", the sequester doesn't even cut the budget! It just slows it's growth.

[graphics omitted; depict an upward trendline w/o sequester cuts, and an almost overlapping, yet imperceptibly smaller upward trendline with sequester cuts]

The red line is current projected spending, the blue line includes the sequester:

Where are the "draconian cuts?" Nowhere.

Senator Rand Paul tells us that's why he voted against President Obama's sequester. He proposes actual cuts.

Yaron Brook, of the Ayn Rand Institute talks about the immorality of government spending.

Our show's special correspondent, Kennedy, discovers that college students are often clueless about the debt bomb my generation threw at them.

Watch the latest business video at FoxBusiness.com

Authors Joel Kotkin and Jonathon Last point out that there aren't enough workers to pay for us old folks, and if people don't start to have kids at a reasonable rate-"we're screwed!"

But it could be worse. Economist Veronique de Rugy discusses the mess her home country of France has made for itself. Canadian-born Economist David Henderson says Canada solved its debt crisis and we should follow its lead.

Matt Welch of Reason magazine shows how politicians distract us from the debt problem.

Finally, although politicians say "we don't have a spending problem," some government programs are so bizarre that you can't believe they are real. Megyn Kelly and Greg Gutfield will join me as we compete to see who can guess which government programs are real...and which are fake.

----------
Uploader op-ed:

The President's been saying, essentially, we must make Congress give him the spending he wants, or else! The sky (or the airplanes in it) will fall, and sundry other associated horrors. 

We are being blackmailed. Straight, simply, blackmailed.

As I type, Obama is signing the order to authorize the sequester cuts mandated in the law, as the clock ran out without either political group blinking.

Did we suffer such serious hardships during the Clinton era? No, the government operated! But spending at the Federal level has grown so amazingly since that time, just 12 years ago, that to just imagine spending at the level of Clinton's last year in office would represent a REAL CUT of nearly 49% over what Obama has proposed to spend for this year. Not a reduction to the current-running growth rate, but a REAL CUT. $1.9T in spending vs. $3.7T in spending proposed for 2013.

The sequester for this year amounts to a reduction of planned increases of just $85.4B. That's a mere 2.3% of the total proposed outlay, and perhaps represents the bulk of the proposed spending increases for the year (roughly $100B in new spending). Assuming the sequester remains law for the whole year, the Federal government will still spend roughly $15B more than it did last year.

Denizens of the internet, these sky-falling claims (strike that) threats to make the sky fall are simply a colossally infantile temper tantrum, thrown from every corner of the Federal bureaucracy, led by our President.

There is little of substance to differentiate our government's behavior, from that of a mafia gang, visiting our corner restaurant to talk about what a nice place we got here, and how it'd be a terrible shame if something were to happen to it.

A crime.

No budget will be smaller, even now. All will be larger. Just less larger.

And yet all this squabbling belies the point that our officials are arguing over the mere suggestions of table scraps (not even actual scraps) impacting just the discretionary side of the budget.

The looming juggernaut are the truly massive unfunded liabilities our government holds on the mandatory side of the budget. These are never keenly discussed. It's stuff like present and future pension, Social Security, Medicare and other entitlement program obligations. It's this side of the budget that causes our real debt to be an ORDER of MAGNITUDE larger than the current headline debt number of $16 trillion ($122T). Which, btw, is roughly 70% (44%) more debt (unfunded obligation) than existed at this time in 2008.

When judged through the lens of our unfunded obligations, this squabble about increasing spending either $15B (with seq.) or $100B (w/o seq.) is literally talking about 7 cents per $100 worth of our real worries, or 8 cents.

The hard truth is that our government this year CAN run just like it did last year, with the outlay it spent last year, if officials want it to. And it ought, and they ought.

In fact, it needs to do even more than merely this. Alas, as said in "Conan the Destroyer":


But that is another story...

(sources: Wikipedia's US Federal budget pages; usdebtclock.org)