Synopsis:


N. T. Wright - Hebrews for Everyone (Westminster John Knox Press, 2004). 196 pages.

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination and metadata, etc.

Sixteenth in the series New Testament for Everyone; click my username to find other volumes in the series. The whole series is now available on tpb.


Writing in an approachable and anecdotal style, Tom Wright helps us to find our way around the letter to the Hebrews, one of the most challenging writings in the New Testament. He acknowledges that people often find it difficult, because some of the ideas it contains are strange to us. Yet, like meeting a new friend, Wright helps us to find Hebrews full of interest and delight, with a powerful message that comes home to the church of today and tomorrow just as much as it did to the church of yesterday.

Tom Wright has undertaken a tremendous task: to provide guides to all the books of the New Testament, and to include in them his own translation of the entire text. Each short passage is followed by a highly readable discussion with background information, useful explanations and suggestions, and thoughts as to how the text can be relevant to our lives today. A glossary is included at the back of the book. The series is suitable for group study, personal study, or daily devotions.

Baptist Times:

For those seeking to deepen their understanding of the Bible or preachers looking for ways to apply the passage on a Sunday morning, this looks like a very good series to acquire.

Biography:

Tom (N.T.) Wright is the Bishop of Durham in the Church of England. He is a prolific author and noted New Testament scholar, and was named by Christianity Today in 1999 as one of the world's top 5 new theologians. He has written over thirty books, both at the scholarly level (including Jesus and the Victory of God, The Resurrection of the Son of God, and The Meaning of Jesus) and for a popular audience (including The Meal Jesus Gave Us (WJK) and Who Was Jesus?).