Release Title The Terminator 1984 Extended Fan Edit Edition DVDRip XviD AC3 - KINGDOM

Directed By: James Cameron
Tagline The thing that won't die, in the nightmare that won't end.
Storyline An robotic assassin from a post-apocalyptic future travels back in time to eliminate a waitress, whose son will grow up and lead humanity in a war against machines.

Cast
Arnold Schwarzenegger ... Terminator
Michael Biehn ... Kyle Reese
Linda Hamilton ... Sarah Connor
Paul Winfield ... Lieutenant Ed Traxler
Lance Henriksen ... Detective Hal Vukovich
Rick Rossovich ... Matt Buchanan
Bess Motta ... Ginger Ventura
Earl Boen ... Dr. Peter Silberman
Dick Miller ... Pawn Shop Clerk
Shawn Schepps ... Nancy
Bruce M. Kerner ... Desk Sergeant
Franco Columbu ... Future Terminator
Bill Paxton ... Punk Leader
Brad Rearden ... Punk
Brian Thompson ... Punk 

The Terminator Extended Fan Edit Edition:
All of the deleted scenes re-integrated into the film:
 * Sarah's "I'm so wholesome I could puke" conversation in front of the mirror before starting work
 * T-800 leaving the scene of the first termination
 * Several bits with Traxler and Vulkovitch in pursuit
 * Bit where Traxler is considering that Reese may be telling the truth
 * Traxler's admonition to Reese to protect Sarah before dying
 * Sarah deciding to destroy Cyberdyne & Reese's breakdown (long, excellent scene)
 * Sarah planning on all the great things Kyle will see and do after they change the future
 * A little post-coital intimacy between Sarah & Kyle
 * The chip being discovered ... at Cyberdyne 


Genre Action | Sci-Fi 
Language English 
Subtitles None 
Total Size 1.36 GiB
Duration 1h 56mn
Source The.Terminator(Extended.FanEdit.Edition) UFCFan ;) 
Encoder MRX

Video Specs
Container and Codec: AVI & Xvid
Frontend And Writing Library: VirtualDubMod & XviD 62
Bitrate:  1 213 Kbps
Encoding: 2 Pass
Resolution:  720x384 
Display Aspect Ratio: 1.875
Quality Factor (QF): 0.183
Frame Rate:  23.976 fps

Audio Specs
Audio Codec And Type: 2000 & AC3
Writing Application: VirtualDubMod 1.5.10.2
Bitrate Mode: Constant
Bitrate: 448 Kbps
Channel Count: 6 Channel 

IMDB http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088247/ 
IMDb Rating: 8.1/10
Trailer

