eXtreme Movie Manager

Manage all your Movies / TVShow in your Hard Disk, USB Devices, Original DVD, Blu-Ray Discs, VHS and more!

All New Design, XMM has been rewritten from scratch.
Now you have More Skin to choose and a new clean and simple Interface

Catalog your Ripped Movies by Simply Scanning your Devices...

Device scanner is new, now is more smart and can automatically catalog all your collection (Ripped Movies, DVD, Blu-Ray, NAS, Networked Media Tanks ecc...)

We love TV Shows, We have made the new Device Scanner able to catalog automatically all your collection.

Collecting TV Series is now just a click away. With the built-in functions to extract automatically TV Shows Title, Season, Episode number and Episode Titles will really extremely easy add everything to your database.

New MagicScript Engine!
Import all information from internet like cast, crew, pictures, fanart, trailers is now more easy.

XMM will work in background, will import all movies info from your favourite website automatically. You have just to add Movies, the other things will be managed by XMM. It will prompt you only in case there are more sources for a movie

Browse you collection ONLINE, anywhere and share with your friends!
With the "My Website" function you can create your collection in one click.

With the built in FTP Manager XMM will take care of uploading everything in your server, automatically

Browse your collection inProducts! (Work also with other NMT)!

With the built in My NTM Device Function XMM will create webpages and will sincronize with your NTM.

Browse your collection in MediaPortal (with MyFilms plugin)
Export your collection in XML, My Films will read it and show your collection!

System Requirements:

Windows Vista/7/8
.net framework 4.0 required. 

Homepage: http://www.binaryworks.it/extrememoviemanager/index.aspx

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Pre-cracked, no need of any serial/crack.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.