World-renowned worship leader and best-selling author Darlene Zschech releases on March 12 her long-awaited Revealing Jesus live worship CD/DVD and 365-day devotional hardcover gift book from RGM-NEW BREED Music / Integrity Music and Bethany House Publishers respectively. Both the devotional and the songs reflect on grace given through the life, death and resurrection of Jesus, as well as how believers perceive Jesus and His character and can walk in His truth.

Produced by four-time GRAMMY winner Israel Houghton for RGM-NEW BREED Music, orchestrated by Dr. Henry Panion III (Stevie Wonder, Carrie Underwood, Chaka Khan) and featuring special guest appearances and song co-writes with Michael W. Smith, Kari Jobe and Houghton, the Revealing Jesus CD/DVD was recorded live Sept. 28 and 29, 2012 at the Church of the Highlands in Birmingham, AL. Among the anthemic songs on the CD/DVD is the Zschech, Houghton and Jobe penned "Victor's Crown," which is set for release January 2013 with a song chart as an Easter resource. Along with the dynamic participation of thousands of worshippers, the live recording also captures a compelling performance by the Alabama School of Fine Arts based in Birmingham.

The companion Revealing Jesus book was poured out from the pages of Zschech's personal journals. Honest, raw, and beautifully written, the devotional contains meditations and scriptures revealing the heart of Jesus. These devotions are designed to inspire and encourage the readers' journey, especially when times are hard, tenderly calling readers to sit at the feet of the Lord, learn from His wisdom, embrace His love and experience His peace.

"Revealing Jesus came about after many conversations with friends, and even more conversations with God, asking about the finished work of Christ and what victory the Bible declares is available to us in Jesus' name," writes Zschech in the devotional book introduction. "To say that I am desperate for the power of the cross and the power of the blood of Jesus to be outworked in a greater measure in my life is an understatement. His presence beckons me...

"?the songs on this project are filled with declaration of scripture to ensure that it is truly woven within the fabric of your heart, and this devotional was written to give you food for thought each day about how Jesus is revealed in our every day lives," continues Zschech. "So I pray you are fueled for service as you read, and that your hearts yearn for more of Jesus as you worship him with every fiber of your being."

In addition to the 12 new worship anthems on the Revealing Jesus CD/DVD, bonus tracks in custom versions of the album will include fresh takes on such internationally acclaimed songs as "Shout to the Lord," "Hosanna" and "Worthy is the Lamb," as well as the Houghton-penned "Jesus at the Center." The custom versions include a "deluxe" CD/DVD combination, an ebook with songs, and an iTunes? LP that includes video plus bonus resources, song devotional videos and more.

The Revealing Jesus recording marks Zschech's first with RGM-NEW BREED Music as Integrity Music and Bethany House Publishers join forces to market and distribute the new CD, DVD and book. Zschech has also signed a songwriting agreement with Integrity Music, which will begin the next chapter of her writing journey.

Taking the new music to live audiences in the U.S., Zschech's Revealing Jesus Tour is set to begin in April 2013 and will feature Houghton. Additional details, including tour dates, will be announced soon. 


TRACK LIST

1. God Is Here
2. Best For Me
3. All That We Are
4. In JesusΓÇÖ Name
5. Your Presence Is Heaven
6. VictorΓÇÖs Crown
7. Yours Forever (feat. Kari Jobe)
8. Magnificent
9. My Jesus, I Love Thee (I Love You Jesus)
10. Your Name / Cry Of The Broken
11. I Am Yours (feat. Michael W. Smith)
12. Jesus At The Center