 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://beeimg.com/images/v42096278351.gif
 
http://beeimg.com/images/e14647314621.jpg

Star Watermark Ultimate 1.1.1 Final ML Incl Serial - SceneDL

Star Watermark for Windows is a powerful and easy-to-use tool to watermark your images, photos and graphics. Star Watermark is an essential tool for anyone with a digital camera, professionals and beginners or graphic artist on Windows. With the watermarking software free version, you could add TEXT water mark for your photos, With the watermark software purchased version, you can add not only TEXT watermark, but also IMAGE watermark to your photos. With Star Watermark program's smart user interface, we maximize the easiest operations of using the free watermark program, such as Drag and Drop photo files to the software to add source files, and Double Click watermark templates or source file to edit template or preview the result watermarking photo. With the image watermarking software, you could digitally sign your work/photos/graphic/artwork and claim and maintain the recognition you deserve. With the batch photo watermarking program, You could build your company brand, by having your company logo on all your images. Avoid the surprise of seeing your artwork elsewhere on the web or in an ad. Add copyright on images

With Star Watermark software, you could add Rotation, Transparency, Text Size, Text Color, Position, Text Shadow and so on to your photos, and you can add image water mark to your photos with Position, Rotation and Transparency. Star Watermark could batch watermark your photos with selected watermark template after you add files from toolbar "Add Files" button or drag files to software interface. You could double click one template to edit watermark template to customize yourself watermarking.

Key Features:

Batch Watermark Photos
Realtime Preview Result Photo
Supports All Popular Photo Formats
Not Only Text Watermark But Also Image Watermark
Many Options to Customize Yourself Watermarking
Excellent User Interface And Easy to Use, Such as Drag and Drop, Double Click to Edit Template

System Requirements:

Windows XP,Vista, Windows 7
CPU: Intel or AMD
Free hard disk: 1G+
Memory Size: 512MB or more

Homepage: http://star-watermark.com/star-watermark-win.html

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Enter Username and Serial
3] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL