
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
ZDSimulator (c) Frozenbyte

08-06-2013......Release Date - Protection............Activation
Train Simulator....Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Have you ever dreamt about handling a real train? Do you like to travel
and discover new interesting places and picturesque sceneries from the
locomotive's cabin? If so, this simulator is your best bet Here you
will have a perfect chance to try yourself as an engine driver of a
heavy freight train as well as high speed passenger train, go through
exact copies of Ukrainian and Russian railway routes in the game
version of the program that is nowadays used for train operator
training by universities and railroad depots. High level of
realisticness and real life contingencies makes ZDSimulator by far the
most realistic train simulator. See it for yourself

Features:

If you are new to the train driver duties, beginner difficulty mode
will help you start off with on-screen tips and hints. The game doesn't
require any special skills in this mode.

If you are interested in locomotive's inside mechanism and want to
understand how it works, you will find gear units working and see
electric circuit visualization.

If you have previous experience of starting, driving and handling a
train, "professional" difficulty mode will let you experience different
and interesting scenarios: you may encounter various malfunctions and
will have to troubleshoot them by arranging jumpers and wedging
contacts etc. The simulator is highly educational. With its help you
will have a perfect chance to widen your knowledge in physics and train
mechanisms.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
install folder and overwrite
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision

