This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Rivieras - California Sun (2000)
 
http://usuarios.multimania.es/caravanamusical/caratulas/R/0592.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
Has cover art only.
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Cub Koda):

A South Bend, IN, rock & roll band, the Rivieras' one big hit was one of the last great gasps of pure American rock & roll before the British Invasion took over the charts. Original members Otto Nuss (organ), Doug Gean (bass), Marty "Bo" Fortson (vocals and guitar), Joe Pennell (guitar), and Paul Dennert (drums) were local teen ballroom heroes. They recorded a supercharged version of the Joe Jones R&B semi-hit "California Sun" featuring a powerful drum intro and the now-famous signature guitar and organ riff. The song became a hit in the midst of the first flush of Beatlemania, only nudged out of the number one spot on the national charts by "I Want to Hold Your Hand." Although several equally fine 45s and two albums followed, the bandmembers' relatively young ages, coupled with numerous personnel changes caused by the draft and the changing musical climate, caused the group to break up by 1966. Nuss, Gean, and Fortson reunited the Rivieras in the mid-'80s, recording and doing local shows, sounding as great as ever. Though their time in the spotlight was brief, their one big hit continues to define for future generations everything that's pulsatingly great about American teen-band rock & roll.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-rivieras-p5283/biography

All Music Album Review (by Cub Koda):

At long last, the pride of South Bend, IN, finally get a legally sanctioned best-of that serves their legacy well. This brings together all of their original singles, the best cuts from their two albums, and the first-time reissue of "Played On," the original B-side of "California Sun." The band storm through these tracks with an energy that's palpable, and the result is '60s garage band rock & roll at its absolute finest. Highly, highly recommended.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-best-of-the-rivieras-california-sun-r474734

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00004RDRZ

Track List:

01. California Sun
02. Danny Boy
03. Twist And Shout
04. Little Donna
05. Church Key
06. Killer Joe
07. Let's Have A Party
08. Rockin' Robin
09. H. B. Goose Step
10. Keep A Knockin
11. Oh, Boy
12. When The Saints
13. Let's Have A Party (single version)
14. Whola Lotta Shakin'
15. Rip It Up
16. Let's Go To Hawaii
17. Battle Line
18. Lakeview Lane
19. Money Honey
20. Bug Juice
21. Tossin' And Turnin'
22. Church Key (Part 2)
23. Comin' Back Home
24. California Sun '65
