Educating Rita (1983) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085478

SAMPLE file included

A young wife decides to complete her education and take her exams. She meets a professor who teaches her to value her own insights while still being able to beat the exams. The change in her status causes friction between her and her husband. 

An Excellent Character Study. "Educating Rita", directed by Lewis Gilbert, is an overlooked gem of a film. I first saw this film in 1984, a year after it's release, and since have championed it as one of the best romances ever made. Based on a London stage play, "Educating Rita" is the story of a twenty seven year old middle class London hairdresser/housewife (Julie Walters, in an excellent performance) who, before having children, would like very much to learn about herself. Much to the annoyance of her husband, she enrolls in an "open university" literature course to begin her journey (open university is the British term for college night courses). Assigned as her tutor is Frank (Michael Caine, in one of his best roles), an older literature professor who suffers from low self esteem and has his own relationship problems. Had this film been made in the machine that is Hollywood, USA, Rita and Frank would have slept together within two scenes of meeting each other (and it would have been graphic, of course), then realized they were in love, followed by the inevitable obstacle to their relationship (probably a misunderstanding or rival for affections), finally ending up with them overcoming all. Every character and plot point would have been telegraphed well in advance. "Educating Rita" does none of this. There are no graphic sex scenes (or any sex scenes for that matter), no grand pronouncements of love, no cliche cliffhangers or deaths in icy seas. Instead, the story portrays Rita and Frank in a very realistic, human manner. As the story unfolds, we watch as they grow as individuals which causes their friendship to become richer. There are turns to the plot which are unexpected. I will not divulge what the end result is, as it is very unconventional and is sure to bring a lump to the throat of any romantic. In all, "Educating Rita" is a very overlooked excellent character study framed by a wonderful story. When in the mood to watch a romantic film or two, forget "Titanic" and rent "Educating Rita" and "An Officer and a Gentleman".

specs:
H.264, 718 x 576, Millions
AAC, 2 channels, 48000 Hz
1,384.38 kbit/s
1022 x 576 pixels (Actual)
Runtime: 110 min

tags: drama, comedy, Michael Caine,  hairdresser, professor, teaching, doctor, mid-life crisis, working class, elite, philosophy, poet, college, suicide, literature, relationship, 1980s