
01 - Nicholas St. North and the Battle of the Nightmare King

Forget the huge belly and the jolly old elf stuff because before Santa grew out the beard and shimmied his way down your chimney, he was a swashbuckling young man with a bit of a wild streak-and a talent for wizardry. When St. North's latest invention, The Robot Genie, falls under the spell of The Nightmare King, Santa pays a terrible price. He is shrunken, frozen in place and trapped in a metallic shell and turned into a toy which means he is powerless to stop The Robot Genie from enacting The Nightmare King's evil plot to terrorize children. But, toys are magical things, aren't they? Without being able to speak or interact, they can form powerful and lasting bonds with young children, children who care for them and love them with all of their hearts-and when St. North the toy falls into the hands of a little girl who needs a toy more than most, they unlock the spell and set off a chain of events that send St. North on a sleigh ride through a starry, starry night...and lays the foundation for the next Guardian books.

02 - E. Aster Bunnymund and the Warrior Eggs at the Earth s Core!

E. Astor Bunnymund (aka The Easter Bunny) is anything but average. Highly skilled in martial arts and one of the oldest magical beings on earth, Bunnymund is the architect behind an unrivalled network of tunnels, which combined with his supernatural speed, gives him secret access to almost any place of the planet. He's apt to be in anyplace at any time, but his all-time favourite place to be is an underground metropolis on Easter Island where eggs are worshiped and Bunnymund is king. There's something foul in the state of Eggonooloo. Pitch, Nightmare King, has sent a venomous serpent to attack Bunnymund's royal guard of warrior eggs--and, for Bunnymund, this is about much more than fixing a few rotten eggs. E. Astor, with the help of MiM and Sand Mansnoozy, links up with Nicholas St. North to get one step closer to saving Dreamland and ridding the world of Pitch and his Nightmare Men.

03 - Toothiana, Queen of the Tooth Fairy Armies

Beware a tooth fairy queen scorned in this, the third chapter book of Academy-Award winner William Joyce's The Guardians series. Now that the back story of Nicholas St. North has been told, and the mysteries of E. Aster Bunnymund have been revealed, it's only fair that our journey continue with one of the most riveting, mysterious heroes of all time: Toothiana, Queen of the Tooth Fairy Armies. Do you want in on a few of her secrets now? Well--she can turn herself into a multitude of selves, all depending on nightly teeth-placed-under-pillows rates. And her diminutive size is not at all indicative of how fierce a warrior she can be. Be forewarned: if you get in between her and a tooth-covering pillow, there'll be Spell to pay. 