
Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 ΓÇô the all-in-one security solution that offers a worry-free computing environment for you and your family. Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 has everything you need for a safe and secure Internet experience.

Benefits
Protects against all viruses and Internet threats

By combining cloud-based functionality and powerful security technologies that run on your PC, Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 delivers more effective defences against today’s increasingly complex threats – so you’re able to enjoy the Internet, while Kaspersky protects you, your PC and your children. 

In addition to including all of the features offered by Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013, Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 delivers many innovative, new technologies that are essential to defending you against sophisticated threats on the Internet.  With Safe Money, Secure Keyboard and other unique features, Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 does more to help ensure you can get the best out of the Internet… without compromising your safety.
Detects new, emerging and unknown threats

The cloud-based Kaspersky Security Network gathers data from millions of participating users’ systems around the world… to help defend you from the very latest viruses and malware attacks.  Potential threats are monitored and analysed – in real-time – and dangerous actions are completely blocked before they can cause any harm.
Identifies suspicious websites and phishing websites

Advanced anti-phishing technologies proactively detect fraudulent URLs and use real-time information from the cloud, to help ensure you’re not tricked into disclosing your valuable data to phishing websites.  Our URL Advisor also adds colour-coded tags to all web links – to advise you of the danger level of the link and subsequent pages.
Delivers greater security for online shopping and banking 

Kaspersky Internet Security has always included additional layers of security that help to keep your information safe during online transactions.  Now, with the introduction of our unique Safe Money technology, you benefit from even greater protection.  Safe Money automatically checks that the website you’re visiting is secure – and it also offers to open the website in a special, protected mode… to help keep your credit card number and other personal data safe from cyber thieves. 
Protects your privacy and your digital identity

Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 provides a wide range of technologies to protect your privacy and your identity – including two unique security features for entering personal information online:

    Secure Keyboard is a new Kaspersky technology that automatically activates whenever you open a bank website or payment website – or you enter a password within any web page – to ensure that information you enter using your physical keyboard can’t be accessed by keyloggers
    For our ultimate protection, Kaspersky’s improved Virtual Keyboard feature allows you to use mouse-clicks to enter your banking information – so that keystrokes can’t be tracked or stolen by keyloggers, hackers or identity thieves

Keeps your children safe and responsible

Award-winning family protection features help you to keep your children safe and also give you greater control over your children’s access to the PC, the Internet, applications, games and websites. You can block, limit or log your children’s Instant Messaging and social network communications – and block the transfer of private data, such as phone or credit card numbers.
Prevents malware from exploiting vulnerabilities in your PC

If your PC has application or system vulnerabilities that haven’t been updated with the latest fixes, cyber criminals and malware could gain entry. In addition to scanning for vulnerabilities, Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 analyses and controls the actions of programs that have vulnerabilities – so they can’t cause any harm.
Automatic download and installation features – save you time and effort

Installation now requires far fewer manual steps.  When you first download the product from our website, it automatically checks for the latest product version – disinfects existing malware, if necessary – and then starts the installation.
Compatible with Windows 8

Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 is fully compatible with Microsoft’s latest operating system – Windows 8 – and is integrated with Microsoft’s latest IT security innovations. In addition, Kaspersky Now – a new application that has been developed to support Microsoft’s new user interface – lets you monitor your PC’s security status and launch vital security features.

Installation:-

Install Kaspersky and register using 91 OEM key provided
 
If you have problem follow next guide:

-Remove license:
-Disable Self-Defense, apply settings and exit Kaspersky.
-Select product and 'Run as Administrator' bat file. Windows will restart.
-On start run Kaspersky and enter 91 day OEM key.

Notes:-

Please read ReadMe file for full instructions and this serial key can not be block as this is original OEM key used by many genuine license holders.
If it doesn't work for you then you have done some thing wrong. 


