Wikipedia:
Diamond Dogs is a concept album by David Bowie, originally released in 1974 on RCA Records, his eighth album. Thematically, it was a marriage of the novel Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell and Bowie's own glam-tinged vision of a post-apocalyptic world. Bowie had wanted to make a theatrical production of Orwell's book and began writing material after completing sessions for his 1973 album Pin Ups, but the late author’s estate denied the rights. The songs wound up on the second half of Diamond Dogs instead where, as the titles indicated, the Nineteen Eighty-Four theme was prominent.


 Review:
On Diamond Dogs Bowie shouts, "This ain't Rock'n Roll — this is Genocide." Suicide is more like it, for it's Bowie, not the listener, who's in trouble. First the guitar: Maybe Bowie plays it himself to get a raunchy, untutored feel the more polished Ronson couldn't capture, but the result is merely cheesy. When debuted on The Midnight Special, "1984" was a powerful song, most of whose strength and sweep Ronson provided. The version on Diamond Dogs, without Ronson, is sickly, and a fluttery string arrangement cannot beef it up. And there's his voice: Once Bowie's high, dry vocals, brittle and angular, were remarkable for their wit, phrasing and credibility. But now he's withdrawn to his anonymous lower register, and when he strays from it he sounds campy and forced, never compelling. Finally, where Bowie's songs used to be signalized by their rich complexity and, simultaneously, their sparkling clarity, Diamond Dogs is at once simplistic and murky. Once heard, the songs on Hunky Dory and Ziggy were almost impossible to forget: The melodies were fascinating and sharply defined. But these tracks are muddy and tuneless, and their sloppiness cannot be rationalized as spontaneity.
Diamond Dogs depicts a not-too-distant future in which the remnants of the human race live out their dying days in frantic pursuit of sleazy sex. What seems to interest Bowie here is not the future but the sex. Most of the songs are obscure tangles of perversion, degradation, fear and self-pity, whose night-marishness occasionally recalls The Man Who Sold the World, Bowie's most frightening album. It's difficult to know what to make of them. Are they masturbatory fantasies, guilt-ridden projections, terrified premonitions, or is it all merely Alice Cooper exploitation? Unfortunately, the music exerts so little appeal that it's hard to care what it's about. And Diamond Dogs seems more like David Bowie's last gasp than the world's.
By KEN EMERSON


Country: UK
Genre: Rock
Quality: FLAC, tracks+.cue

Tracklist:
"Future Legend" – 1:05
"Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" (Richard Rodgers)
"Diamond Dogs" – 5:56
"Sweet Thing" – 3:39
"Candidate" – 2:40
"Sweet Thing (Reprise)" – 2:31
"Rebel Rebel" – 4:30
"Rock 'n' Roll with Me" (Bowie, Warren Peace) – 4:00
"We Are the Dead" – 4:58
"1984" – 3:27
"Big Brother" – 3:21
"Chant of the Ever Circling Skeletal Family" – 2:00