CDRoller

CDRoller is a powerful, easy-to-use and low-cost toolset for for CD/DVD/BD/HD-DVD/Flash data recovery.

Key Features:

Effectively retrieves the lost data from the discs created by "drag and drop" CD/DVD/BD writing software, such as well-known Sonic (Roxio, Adaptec) and Ahead Nero software packages, CeQuadrat's PacketCD, DLA, B's CLiP and others.
Reads unfinalized ("open", "left as-is") CDs and DVDs, including the discs with Microsoft's Live File system created under Windows 7 and Vista.
Includes a fault-tolerant UDF reader for all Windows operating systems. No need to look for UDF Reader Driver in order to manage old discs on your new computer under Windows 7 or Vista.
Retrieves the lost video and photos off unfinalized DVDs created by a wide set of standalone devices that record directly onto discs: Hitachi, Canon, Panasonic, Samsung and Sony DVD camcorders as well as standalone video recorders.
Converts the recovered VOB or VRO video data into generic MPG files without loss of quality. In contrast to VOB files, MPG ones can be viewed properly with the help of Windows Media Player.
Makes new DVD-video discs that can be played back in the most DVD players.
Recovers M2TS video files on the mini discs that were not finalized by AVCHD camcorders.
Finds and retrieves accidently deleted files, files located in the corrupted folders, files on incorrectly closed disks, etc.
Recovers CD data written by Sony Mavica CD digital cameras.
Retrieves the lost pictures, video and other types of files from flash memory cards, such as SmartMedia, Memory Stick, CompactFlash, xD Picture Card and other flash memory drives.
"On-the-fly" unpacks the files initially compressed by Roxio (Adaptec) DirectCD.
Retrieves back up files from the discs recorded in several stages (multisession discs).
Includes a built-in CD/DVD/BD data burner. There is no need to run third-party CD/DVD/BD mastering software if you wish to burn a new DVD-video disc or backup your files and folders immediately after recovery. The "Burn" option is integrated into a common shell. Just write a new disc with recovered data shortly, without leaving CDRoller!
Erases CD, DVD and BD re-writable media. Supports quick and full erase methods.
Examines disc sectors at low level. Displays the sector content in text, binary, hexadecimal or unicode mode. It also scans all sectors of a disc (selected track or file) for particular data. Recommended for engineering purposes and also for law enforcement and forensic investigators.
Supports external hex editor for detailed analysis of disc contents at low level.
Identifies the lost files on ISO/Joliet discs with the damaged file system (volume descriptors, path tables and directories), using the raw data only.
Rescues the data from scratched, damaged or defective discs.
Provides direct access to hardware, bypassing the Windows File System. Looks for the lost tracks (sessions) every time when you insert a new disc into the drive. Supports SCSI Pass Through Direct (SPTD) layer as alternative method under Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7.
Creates and uses an own image file to manage disc sectors.
Digitally extracts audio tracks into a wide set of wave formats.
Tests disc readability.
Extracts ISO Image file. Burns ISO Image file to a new disc.
Catalogs files and folders into CD/DVD library.
All features are integrated into a common and easy-to-use intuitive shell.

Support of wide set of CD, DVD, BD and HD-DVD formats such as:

CD formats (CD-DA, CD-ROM, CD-WO, CD-ROM XA and Mixed-Mode)
CD format CD-MRW ("Mt. Rainier" CD-RW),
DVD formats (DVD-ROM, DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+R DL, DVD+RW, DVD-R DL, DVD-RAM).
Blu-ray disc (BD) formats (BD-ROM, BD-R, BD-RE, BD-R DL, BD-RE DL).
High Definition DVD (HD-DVD) formats (HD-ROM, HD DVD-R, HD DVD-RAM).

Supported File Systems:

ISO 9660 file system, including so-called Joliet and Rock Ridge extensions for long file names (Windows and Unix files names).
Universal Disk Format (UDF), including versions 1.02, 1.50, 2.0, 2.01, 2.50, 2.60 and so-called UDF Bridge format.
FAT32 (for DVD-RAM and BD-RE discs).
NTFS / FAT12 / FAT16 / FAT32 (for flash memory cards and drives).

System Requirements

To run CDRoller, you need at least:
Microsoft Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/7 operating system,
Intel Pentium or compatible CPU,
256 MB of RAM,
12 MB free hard disk space for program installation and some additional space for CD/DVD images,
CD/DVD/Blu-ray drive(s).

Homepage: http://www.cdroller.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given serial.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.