New Edition of Best Selling Official Cert Guide: Updated Content, New Exercises, and Expanded Coverage -- PLUS includes CCNA Network Simulator Lite

The new edition of bestselling CCNA ICND2 640-816 Official Cert Guide by Wendell Odom has been updated to refresh the content, add new exercises, and enhance certain topics that are key to understanding for success on the CCNA exams. Chapters on VLSM, route summarization, and IP access control lists have been completely revised. In addition the book contains new practice exercises for all three of these topics to help reinforce the concepts and increase computation speed for exam preparation.

Learn, prepare, and practice for exam success
Master CCNA ICND2 exam topics
Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
Review key concepts with exam preparation tasks
Practice with realistic exam questions on the DVD
Learn from 60 minutes of Video mentoring
Apply concepts within Network Simulator lab exercises
CCNA ICND2 640-816 Official Cert Guide, Third Edition is a best of breed Cisco exam study guide. Best-selling author and expert instructor Wendell Odom shares preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. The book presents you with an organized test preparation  routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. The master table of exam topics makes referencing easy. ΓÇ£Do I Know This Already?ΓÇ¥ quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly. A final preparation chapter guides you through tools and resources to help you craft your final study plan. Special troubleshooting sections help you master the complex scenarios you will face on the exam.

The companion DVD contains the powerful Pearson IT Certification Practice Test engine, complete with hundreds of well-reviewed, exam-realistic questions. The assessment engine offers you a wealth of customization options and reporting features, laying out a complete assessment of your knowledge to help you focus your study where it is needed most. This new edition also includes a free copy of the CCNA ICND2 640-816 Network Simulator, Lite Edition, complete with meaningful lab exercises, which help you hone your hands-on skills with the Cisco user interface for routers and switches. The DVD also contains more than 60 minutes of personal video mentoring from the author focused on subnetting.

Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCNA ICND2 640-816 Official Cert Guide, Third Edition is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

Wendell Odom, CCIE No. 1624, is the most respected author of Cisco networking books in the world. His past titles include books on the entry-level Cisco certifications (CCENT and CCNA), the more advanced CCNP, and the industry-renowned CCIE. His books are known for their technical depth and accuracy. Wendell has worked as a network engineer, consultant, instructor, course developer, and book author, and he has produced videos, software, and blogs related to Cisco certifications. His website with links to various study tools and resources is at www.certskills.com.

The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNA ICND2 exam, including
VLANs and Spanning Tree Protocol
Static and connected routes
VLSM and route summarization
IP Access Control Lists (ACLs)
Routing protocol theory
OSPF and EIGRP
Troubleshooting
Point-to-point WANS and Frame Relay
Frame Relay
Virtual Private Networks (VPNs)
Network Address Translation (NAT)
IPv6
Companion DVD
The DVD contains two free, complete ICND2 practice exams and two free, full CCNA practice exams, CCNA ICND2 Network Simulator, Lite Edition, and 60 minutes of video training.

Includes Exclusive Offer for 70% Off Premium Edition eBook and Practice Test.

Pearson IT Certification Practice Test minimum system requirements:
Windows XP (SP3), Windows Vista (SP2), or Windows 7; Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0 Client; Microsoft SQL Server Compact 4.0; Pentium class 1GHz processor (or equivalent); 512 MB RAM; 650 MB disc space plus 50 MB for each downloaded practice exam.

Contains:
ICND2.iso	525.13 MiB
ICND1.iso	510.69 MiB
CCENT CCNA ICND1 640-822 Official Cert Guide, 3rd Edition.pdf	15.67 MiB
CCNA ICND2 640-816 Official Cert Guide, 3rd Edition.pdf	7.83 MiB

The new current 3rd editions (2013) of the official cert guidebooks from cisco press. 
ICND1 640-822 and ICND 2 640-816.

Also including both CDs from the books and Boson NetSim 8.0 Network Simulator.