Leah Sarago - Ballet Body Signature Series: Core, Upper and Lower Body

Challenge your core with Ballet Body's dynamic, integrative training approach to help flatten the mid-section while building core strength. While cardio and diet are the essential components to reducing abdominal fat, properly training the core is the key element to achieving a flatter belly. As the abdominal muscles weaken with age, pregnancy, and a lack of exercise, the belly begins to protrude outward as a result. Ballet Body's core workout will train the abdominals to act as a corset to tighten and flatten your belly, while strengthening the core at the same time. Ballet Body's core workout emulates a non-surgical tummy-tuck. Leah has designed this workout to target your core from all angles. This complete core workout begins with standing abdominal exercises to challenge the core with balance, movement, and control. Then, work your core with variations in side planks and pilates-inspired abdominal exercises on the mat. Balance the ab-focused exercises with strengthening the muscles along the spine and back before flowing into deep stretching.
Core Ultimate Tummy Tightener - A very fluid workout that targets your waistline with a medley of ballet, yoga, athletic and Pilates moves. No slowing down or wasted motions, these exercises are constantly flowing from one sequence to the next. The standing section works your core with ballet-inspired moves like torso twists and ab-engaged lunges. The floorwork segment uses exercises like hip drops, knee lifts and hip releases. It also includes a few leg-focused routines. Throughout the entire program, Leah offers a variety of position variations and intensity options ("if you want more of a challenge..."). Very clear, very easy to follow cuing. ©2011.
Lower Body Extreme Elongation - A mostly-standing program that features a variety of barre-style exercises (but also includes elements from yoga and Pilates). It's a continuously flowing workout designed to give you the long, lean legs of a dancer. The program begins with barrework — ballet moves like arabesques, turn-ins, relevés and pliés. These classic routines are frequently intensified with position variations (e.g. pliés on the balls of your feet are extra challenging; they also tone your calves and improve balance). The ending floorwork includes leg extensions, bridge moves and lying leg lifts (often enhanced with small pulses). Requires a barre or heavy/solid chair (you're pulling against the "barre" in some exercises).

Upper Body Ultra Sleek Definition - A non-stop program that combines elements from ballet, Pilates and yoga. While it's primarily upper-body focused, you also get a variety of total-body and core routines. Many of the moves are true "fusions" — exercises that integrate multiple techniques into a single sequence (e.g. a Pilates plank that flows into a yoga downward dog). The workout begins with muscle-group-specific floorwork — moves like arabesque push-ups and tricep dip circles. It ends with a standing section that uses light dumbbells for more traditional toning and balance exercises. Throughout, Leah includes lots of options and variations. Clear, straight-forward cuing. Requires 1 to 3 lb. dumbbells.