Space Adventures in Your Home 
by F. Rabiza and Alexander Repyev (translator)
Mir Publishers | 1987 | ISBN: N/A | PDF | 192 pages | 11.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Space-Adventures-Your-Home-Rabiza/dp/0828527857
scanned to PDF by me.

I have scanned another of my old Mir books. It was first published in Russian in 1978 & translated into English in 1983. This one is based on revised 1984 Russian edition.
Space Adventures in Your Home will help you perform experiments on your own. Of course, this book deals not with the outer space, it is concerned with projects involving phenomena relating to space. You can carry them out at home or at a school engineering club. The experiments described are based on the physical laws studied at school. You will find experiments on atmospheric pressure and vacuum, heat, inertia, and weightlessness. You will also enjoy simple trials in spec-tral analysis, will become acquainted with the principles underlying the remote control of model PRV's (planetary roving vehicles), with the land-ing by parachute on Earth of a "descending capsule", and its soft landing. You will even be able to carry out a "space manoeuvre"-to dock two box kites in the air.
This book will help you test your knowledge in practice and take the first steps towards invention. The recommended models are not accom-panied by drawings, since the author wants you to show your enterprise and use any bits and pieces available. To store the materials required to make the exciting things in this book and to perform experiments, find a case with boxes or partitions to contain suitable tools and supplies: bolts, screws, nuts, washers, tubes, wire, empty spools, metal balls, parts of toys, etc., etc.

CONTENTS
AUTHOR'S PREFACE 9
Experiments with the Atmosphere and Emptiness 11
Experiments with Weightlessness 30
Experiments with Heat 48
Experiments with Laws of Motion 65
Experiments with Reaction Motion 85
Planet Earth, the Cosmic Top 108
Through Boundless Space and Time 124
Outdoor Experiments 155
Planetary Roving
Vehicles on Your Stand 168
Designing Cosmic Fantasies 188