iFly2Fsuipc_v2.14.zip
iFly737-Pro-3.1.exe (server)
iFly737-ProClient-3.1.exe 


[AUTHORIZATION REQUIRED. UNCRACKED]

The multiple-award winning iFly 737NG widely-regarded as quite simply the finest 737NG simulation ever to grace a home computer and rated by both 737 enthusiasts and many actual pilots as the de-facto `airliner sim`. Until now getting a home built cockpit for your 737NG set-up – be it just a few basic displays in a study or a full professional build – has been both tricky and extremely expensive.
Now cockpit building enthusiasts have the ultimate ‘out of the box’ solution from Flight1 with the iFly 737NG Pro – Cockpit Builders Edition  for your displays and gauges.

You can now easily setup gauges across multiple screens and networked computers without having to run undocked windows just on a single PC. This massively improves performance over and gives many additional benefits for the home cockpit builder.

The cockpit builders software seamlessly integrates with the iFly 737NG for FSX, giving users the ultimate in flexibility in their choice of 737NG model and allows fitting out their cockpit with their choice of airline customer options.
Using its own protocol, the client PCs connect with FSX and the iFly 737NG via the installed server program, allowing the user to create, resize and position all of the gauges required for the perfect 737NG flight deck. Create custom combinations of displays that automatically open on each client screen, perfectly sized, positioned and saved.

This boxed-only ‘Pro’ edition designed especially for home cockpit builders and those using 737 cockpits with FSX for personal use, contains a comprehensive printed Gauge Configuration manual which explains the essentials to get you started in using the Pro Cockpit Builders software.
A second printed manual gets you flying the iFly737NG, which also features a first flight tutorial PLUS full-colour poster-sized panel guide indexed to both the printed and PDF tutorials to help you find your way around the flight deck.

A 500 page Operations Manual based on the real aircraft manual, Quick Reference Handbook, and an extensive tutorial giving advanced training in the use of the FMC and autoflight system are automatically installed in PDF format!

If you already own a licensed version of the iFly 737NG for FSX (either boxed or download) then you can purchase the Upgrade Edition of this title with all the printed materials, but without the iFly 737NG for FSX aircraft for a discounted price

Features:
GoFlight
All GoFlight hardware is currently compatible.
OpenCockpits
All current Plug and Play hardware is compatible. Other individual items need to be verified with OpenCockpits.
CPFlight / Engravity
MCP and EFIS Pro/EL are full compatible.
Pedestal with radios and fire panel are fully compatible.
FMC driver available in the forums for FSX users. FS9 version will be released with the Feature pack.
Overhead functionality - this was delayed by CPflight and may be availble in 3-4 months.
Flight Deck Solutions
The Software is fully compatible with the Jetmax range from FDS
VRInsight
MCP, CDU, and new overhead are fully compatible. Drivers are available from VRInsight.
Sismo
Mip, MCP, and EFIS are fully functional. Radio Box and Overhead will be availble late April or early May.
Revolution throttle
A beta driver was made available on Sunday 8Th of April. Get it from the forum.
Flight Simulator Center
Motorized TQ (beta)
FSUIPC
The iFly FSUIPC tool is avaialble for all models. This means all hardware controller boards can be programmed to operate all aircraft functions. Many users have fully working home built overheads using this feature.
GAUGES

The following Gauges are ALL available in this package and can be added to any screen as one single display or spread across multiple networked computers and displays. You can easily configure combinations of gauges to be displayed over one or more monitors connected to each networked computer.

Captain
PFD
ND
FMC with or without keypad
First Officer
PFD
ND
FMC with or without keypad
Engine Displays
Upper DU
Lower DU
Standby gauges

You can have the Captain or First Officer`s PFD and NDs on one display or split across separate computers. Likewise you can add the set of Standby gauges to the Upper DU screen if a shared monitor is covering both of these systems. The FMC CDU is available as `screen` only version or as full CDU for single screen with mouse interaction or touch screen use as required. A simple panel.cfg file entry swaps them over in seconds.
This package offers the ultimate flexibility - removing the need for numerous programs to achieve the same effect. Simply start FSX and Select the iFly 737NG of your choice and the server will automatically connect with your client PCs. The pre-selected gauges will then open automatically on the appropriate displays.
This extensive package has stunning exterior models of every NG and BBJ variant. Each can be flown with an incredibly realistic virtual cockpit in addition to the `Cockpit Builders` configuration and with a level of systems simulation authenticated by real NG Pilots. Systems and flight dynamics have been tested by real 737NG pilots to ensure that accuracy of performance and functions mirrors the real aircraft.
The iFly Configuration Manager allows you to load fuel and passengers, customise jet engine type, add eyebrow windows and wingtips and customise your fleet with individual panel preferences and settings for each livery and model type. Ground support is provided for maintenance, air and electrical utilities. Even push-back is controlled from the fully-featured FMC to ensure you are totally immersed in the ‘flight deck’ experience. The FMC includes ETA page editing, step climb, accurate cost index for LRC/ ECON speeds, fly-by and fly-over conditional waypoints and much more. 

KEY SOFTWARE FEATURES OF THE iFLY737NG AIRCRAFT
Pro-Cockpit Builders Software
Server software
Client Software for multiple computers
Captain Gauges
PFD
ND
FMC with or without keypad
First Officer Gauges
PFD
ND
FMC with or without keypad
Engine Display Gauges
Upper DU
Lower DU
Standby gauges

