Martin.Lawrence.Presents.1st.Amendment.Stand.Up.S03.DVDrip.H264.AAC-PRiNCE

i will be uploading season 4 later, there is no release anywhere of season 5
click my username for seasons 1 and 2, and more uploads, stand-up comedy videos.



COVER:  http://bayimg.com/CakPhaaeE

SCREENSHOTS (Episodes 1-12)

1   http://bayimg.com/DAKpCaaeE
2   http://bayimg.com/dAkPPaaEe
3   http://bayimg.com/EAkpJAaEE
4   http://bayimg.com/faKPBAaeE
5   http://bayimg.com/FaKpJaaeE
6   http://bayimg.com/gAKpAaAee
7   http://bayimg.com/gakPHAAee
8   http://bayimg.com/HAkPbAaEe
9   http://bayimg.com/haKpLAaeE
10  http://bayimg.com/iakPCAAeE
11  http://bayimg.com/IAkPJAaEe
12  http://bayimg.com/JaKpJAaEE



DESCRIPTION:


Join DJ Biz Markie and host Doug Williams for this uncensored, unpredictable, unstoppable comedy showcase. Laugh along with Don "DC" Curry, Rickey Smiley, Rodney Perry, Bruce Bruce, Deon Cole, Joe Torry, Lavell Crawford, Steve Mazan, Kym Whitley, Rudy Rush, Roz, Memphis Red, B Phlat, Teddy Carpenter, Luenell, Rod Man, Will-E Robo, Raymond Grady, Gary Owen, Shang, Joey Medina, Redd Grant, Meshelle, Darryl Brunson, Carmen Barton, Berry Boyz, and many more. Executive Producer Martin Lawrence is in the house for these underground stand-ups, all taking freedom of speech to a whole new level!



EPISODE GUIDE:


Episode 1 (Runtime: 26:48)
Featuring Don 'DC' Curry and Rickey Smiley
Don 'DC' Curry apologizes for all of his wrong doings now that he is in his old age and Rickey Smiley's fraternity brothers have a step dance for everything.


Episode 2 (Runtime: 28:05)
Featuring Rodney Perry, Deon Cole, and Bruce Bruce
Rodney Perry is scared of seeing his daughter in the strip club in 20 years, Deon Cole loves spotting his favorite porn star in LA, and Bruce Bruce can't lose weight with $.99 fast food.

Episode 3 (Runtime: 27:34)
Featuring Mozan, Joe Torry, and Lavelle Crawford
Mozan is scared of running with the skinny white girls at 5 AM, Joe Torry now knows why his father drank when he was a kid, and Lavell Crawford gets greeted by the devil each time he walks into the church.

Episode 4 (Runtime: 
Featuring Kym Whitley, Ray Lipowski, and Steve Brown
Kym Whitley finds ways to shut up her inner ho, Ray Lipowski is sick of big women using their bras as a money safe, and Steve Brown is tired of being mistaken as a girl in drive-thrus.
27:01

Episode 5 (Runtime: 26:42)
Featuring Jay Phillips, Rudy Rush, and Gary Owen
Jay Phillips hates when cops follow your every move, Rudy Rush is still too immature for a massage at the age of 30, and Gary Owen doesn't want people in jail to pray for him.

Episode 6 (Runtime: 26:44)
Featuring Ron G, AG White, and Joe Clair
Ron G was engaged to a dream snatcher, AG White admits the ladies have all the power, and Joe Clair wants to bring back the 80's R&B.

Episode 7 (Runtime: 25:43)
Featuring Memphis Redd, B-Phlat, and Teddy Carpenter
Memphis Redd struggles with single parenthood, B-Phlat has a sexually active 80-year-old grandmother, and Teddy Carpenter finds safety in numbers among black people.


Episode 8 (Runtime: 27:04)
Featuring Angelo Lozada, Luenell, Will-E Robo, and RodMan
Angelo Lozada thinks New York City taxi drivers are racist, Luenell is tired of the big girls being underappreciated, Will-E Robo loves women in all shapes and sizes, and RodMan hypothesizes the value of a cooler of gas.

Episode 9 (Runtime: 26:10)
Featuring Carmen Barton, Joey Medina, Raymond Grady, and Shang
Carmen Barton has kids that ask too many questions, Joey Medina borrows money from women to keep them around, Raymond Grady loves talking to homeless people, and Shang loves the anatomy of women.

Episode 10 (Runtime: 25:39)
Featuring Darryl Brunson, Red Grant, and Roz
Darryl Brunson warns his daughters to keep the cookie jar lid on tight, Red Grant gets uncomfortable in the barber's chair, and Roz likes her men skinny.

Episode 11 (Runtime:26:52) 
Featuring Joey Wells, Meshelle, Rickey Smiley, Gary Owen, and Bruce Bruce
Joey Wells finds college useless since becoming a comedian, Meshelle observes the differences in parenting techniques between races, Rickey Smiley takes money out of the church collection basket, Gary Owen cries at every movie, and Bruce Bruce likes tormenting kids in the check-out line.

Episode 12 (Runtime: 24:39)
Featuring Jamie Teat, Eddie Bryant, Shang, Lavell Crawford, Deon Cole, and Berry Boyz
Jamie Teat has been on a diet since he was 8, Eddie Bryant thinks everyone should have a summer home in the 'hood, Shang thinks one day everyone will be black, Lavell Crawford goes to church online, Deon Cole is an equal opportunist when it comes to dating, and the Berry Boyz have an off night.