01. This Time feat J. Cole (3:37)
02. 4 AM (4:50)
03. Break Down These Walls (4:09)
04. I Been That Girl (2:53)
05. Wrong Side Of A Love Song (4:30)
06. Running feat Nas (5:29)
07. Change The Record feat B.o.B (4:00)
08. Gone And Never Coming Back (3:45)
09. Bones (3:52)
10. Watch Me Work (3:25)
11. Can't Sat I Never Loved You (3:47)
12. L.O.V.E. feat John Legend (3:54)
13. 6 AM feat T-Pain (4:13)

Canadian Bakin’
By Matt Jones

Sigh… I guess it’s time to review a diva.

Eric is, after all, dominating me in this category (2-0; see Beyoncé and Estelle), so I might as well seize the opportunity to keep from being shut out while it’s available. “The Opportunity,” as I’m now going to call her forever, is Canadian songstress Melanie Fiona. Fresh off two recent Grammys for the song “Fool For You” with Cee Lo Green (Best R&B Song, Best Traditional R&B Performance), she has now impressed me to the point of writing really nice things about her sophomore release The MF Life.

While Eric and I do like to focus on only writing positive reviews, we try to make sure that the albums we review strongly merit such kind words. In a typical week of listening to 20 or so new releases, odds are good that the one album we’ve each selected has done a pretty great job of impressing the snot out of us. I’ll just say that selecting The MF Life this week was one of the easier choices I’ve had to make.

Why Melanie doesn’t get more mainstream recognition, I have no idea. Girl can SING. This album shows off an incredible range in vocal styles and song flavors, and every song is filled out by a powerful but natural voice that emanates silk and satin and honey and attitude. Melanie brings some heavy hitters to play on The MF Life as well, featuring J. Cole, Nas, B.o.B., John Legend, and T-Pain. Each of these features reflects the featured artist’s colors well — Legend’s is intimately soulful; B.o.B.’s is lively, poppy, sugary, and immediately delightful to the ear; and so on. I’d also like to suggest that Legend’s voice was intended from the beginning of time to coexist with Fiona’s, using “L.O.V.E.” as obvious proof.

Another clear standout is album opener “This Time,” which borrows a page or two from the Beyoncé Guide to R&B/Pop Crossover Magic and introduces the jilted lovers theme that fuels much of the album. Also, J. Cole gets to start his verse with “If looks kill, then Melanie, you a felony,” which is positively delightful. From “This Time,” Melanie descends straight into “Marvin’s Room”-style melancholia with “4AM,” complete with voicemail recording and all. It’s the lament of a girl waiting up for her man, who she suspects is out with another woman, which we find out later to be true. Her man is revealed in “6AM” to be T-Pain, which has to be a wink to his single “5 O’clock in the Morning.” I guess he was with Lily Allen after all.

There are several other songs of note — “Gone and Never Coming Back” does the best job of showing off Melanie’s vocal fireworks, and “Bones” sounds like Amy Winehouse put her own spin on Blu Cantrell’s “Hit ‘Em Up Style”. 

Okay, I’m off my weird tangent. Melanie Fiona is a unique talent, and any comparisons I’ve made in this review are just huge testaments to how well she fits in the relevant R&B scene today. The MF Life is a fantastic R&B album with enormous pop potential, and it’s the best example of such since Beyoncé’s 4 came out last year. It’s rare for an album to be so deserving of both popular and critical attention, but Melanie has pulled it off this week.
 
http://dickthespic.org/