Manfred Mann's Earth Band - Nightingales & Bombers [1975][2011][40th Ann. Box Set]



01. Spirits In The Night  
02. Countdown    
03. Time Is Right    
04. Crossfade    
05. Visionary Mountains   
06. Nightingales And Bombers   
07. Fat Nelly    
08. As Above So Below [Live]





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Manfred Mann's Earth Band is a British progressive rock group formed in 1971 by Manfred Mann.


Having started in the 1960s with a British band that had such hits as "Do Wah Diddy Diddy" and "The Mighty Quinn", then moving on to Jazz Fusion with Manfred Mann's Chapter Three, Manfred's third band, "The Earth Band' is still alive and recording. In his 2003 biography, former member of Manfred Mann's earlier Manfred Mann Band and Beatles-associate Klaus Voormann alleged to have inspired Mann for the Earth Band's name by having besought Mann several times throughout the 1960s that Mann's soft pop style of those days had to become more "earthier" and rockier, not least of all because of the seemingly effeminate image of Mann's earlier band which had led to a number of close encounters with violence particularly in Ireland.

The original line-up consisted of Mick Rogers (guitar, vocals), Manfred Mann (organ, synthesizer, vocals), Colin Pattenden (bass guitar) and Chris Slade (drums). In its very earliest stages, the band was simply billed as "Manfred Mann". This did not mean the band was a solo project, but rather a continuation of the earlier 1960s group Manfred Mann in which Mann was a member. This iteration of the group released their first single "Please Mrs. Henry" in 1971, billed to "Manfred Mann". Their second single, Randy Newman's "Living Without You" was also released as by Manfred Mann in Europe, but as by Manfred Mann's Earth Band in the USA, where the track became a minor chart hit. Thereafter, "Manfred Mann's Earth Band" was the band name used on all releases.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nightingales & Bombers is an album released in 1975 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.

"The title of this album was inspired by a recording made in Surrey, England during the Second World War, by an ornithologist intending to record Nightingales. The bombers flew over at the same time and were recorded by accident. The recording has been incorporated in 'As Above, So Below'". - Manfred Mann 1975

The recording was made on 19 May 1942 by a BBC sound engineer for the BBC. Intending to capture the nightingale's song he also, by accident, recorded the sound of RAF bombers on their way to attack Mannheim, Germany. In that raid 197 planes were lost. 


