Family - Old Songs New Songs [1971][2013]





01. Hung Up Down   
02. Today    
03. Observations From A Hill    
04. Good Friend Of Mine    
05. Drowned In Wine    
06. Peace Of Mind    
07. Hometown    
08. The Cat And The Rat    
09. No Mule's Fool    
10. See Through Windows   
11. The Weaver's Answer 





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Family were an English rock band that formed in late 1966 and disbanded in October 1973. Their style has been characterised as progressive rock, although their sound often explored other genres, incorporating elements of styles such as folk, psychedelia, acid, jazz fusion and rock and roll. The band achieved recognition in the United Kingdom through their albums, club and concert tours and appearances at festivals, but were unable to attract the same level of attention in USA.

The band's rotating membership throughout its relatively short existence led to a diversity in sound throughout their different albums. Family are also often seen as an unjustly forgotten act, when compared with other bands from the same period and have been described as an "odd band loved by a small but rabid group of fans".

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Old Songs New Songs is a budget-priced compilation album by the British progressive rock band Family, released in March 1971. The title is taken from the title of a song that appeared on the band's 1968 debut album Music in a Doll's House, although that song does not appear on this record.

Highlights of this package were songs previously released on 45rpm records only (marked by an asterisk) and four tracks from the sessions of their second album "Family Entertainment" partially re-recorded and remixed for this release. Those four tracks are: "Observations From a Hill" with Roger Chapman on lead vocals, rather than Jim King as featured on the original release, "Hung Up Down", "Weaver's Answer" and the single B-side "Hometown". Roger Chapman and Charlie Whitney were quoted in ZigZag magazine (reprinted in both the interview anthology book "The Road To Rock", and also the "Old Songs New Songs" cd box set which includes this album) stating how they disliked the mix of the album "Family Entertainment" where most of these songs originally appeared. So they re-recorded a number of vocals and elements and remixed those tracks for this release.



