Well as you have seen throughout the blog, mostly of bands are under "psychedelic" tag, even though the differences between various "psychedelic" bands and genres can indeed be vast. The psychedelic rock is,an incredibly wide genre that encompasses many different sounds and current status is of a genre which, at less to me, isn't distinguished by a particular sound.
So, exploring those different "psychedelic" realms can be very rewarding, but may require patience too , although these are so myriad that maybe you will not always like what you find.
Well, if you do it , you┬┤ll see that the roots of the genre are definitely 60s. There, mainly in the anglo world (US and UK) there found some really vibrant 'scenes' that produced some great albums which influenced other great vibes around the world.
Now, where the story gets really interesting is when these straight forward psychedelic sounds from the anglo world start to get blended with other types of music like funk , experimentation and world musics. Thus, there's literally treasure troves of music produced around the world by musicians who got deeply influenced by both the sounds and politics of psychedelic music and blended it with native instruments and local politics.
Then , we have great vibes around the world from those years, and when we review the African music history, we have lots of great music from this entire continent , and Witch name jump immediately, filled with fuzz guitars, wah wah pedals, introspective lyrics sung in English, under Afro atmospherical tribal patterns .
Well, below you can find the complete WITCH on We Intend To Create Havoc, an excellent box set released by Now Again last year, which collect their recorded output from 1972 to 1977.
I don┬┤t knew them , a friend sent to me a handful of tracks and I discovered one of the most original 70┬┤s bands that I listened lately .
I genuinely think there's something here for everyone to enjoy , and suggest me that there's a shit tonne of great psychedelic music out there to explore
I bought a digital copy to post it here, and I have just now ordered the Vinyl Edition because this is beyond an absolute must to my collection , and in the hopes that at least some of my money finds its way into the hands of Emmanuel Jagari Chanda, the only soul survivor of the original band, at least to my knowledge.
Have fun

ENJOY AND SHARE PLEASE

wearethelastbeatniks