Dragon's Lair (DVD Game)                                   Rel. 06/19/1983



Format:           DVD5 NTSC-USA
Discs:            1
Image:            ISO
Genre.:           Arcade/FMV
Rating:           Everyone
Requirements:     A DVD Player, Windows Media Player,
                  or a PS2.



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Release Notes - This is the Standard Remastered DVD-ROM Game
                From Digital Lesiure. This is an exact port 
                from the orginal Laser Disc Arcade Game. You 
                can play on your dvd player with remote, or on 
                a Playstation 2.



Game Description:

Originally released in the arcades as a laserdisc game, Dragon's Lair is an interactive cartoon movie. Players control Dirk the Daring as he struggles his way through a dungeon to fight Singe, the Dragon, and rescue the beautiful Princess Daphne. The game consists of animated scenes, during which the player has to press direction buttons or the sword button in the right moment to trigger the next segment of the movie.


Features:

* Exclusive Interviews with Don Bluth and Rick Dyer,
  co-creators of Dragon's Lair.

* Completely remastered for DVD.

* Relive the Arcade experience with spectacular full Screen
  Full motion DVD-Video.

* Features crisp, powerful AC3 sound.

* Includes all the scenes from the original laser disc
  Arcade Game.

* Feature-film quality animation by Don Bluth, director
  of 20th Century Fox's "Anastasia" and Universal's
  "The Land Before Time" and "American Tail".

-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.

You can also mount the Image and play on your computers
dvd player software.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!						