Artist: Pure X
Release: Crawling Up the Stairs
Released: 2013
Label: Merok
Catalog#: ME047
Format: FLAC / Lossless
[color=blue]Country: USA
Style: Indie Rock

image

01. Crawling Up the Stairs
02. Someone Else
03. Written In the Slime
04. I Fear What I Feel
05. Things In My Head
06. Shadows and Lies
07. I Come from Nowhere
08. Never Alone
09. How Did You Find Me
10. Thousand Year Old Child
11. Rain At Dawn
12. All of the Future (All of the Past)

'Crawling Up the Stairs' is the second LP from Austin, Texas' Pure X. Made up of principal members Nate Grace, Jesse Jenkins and Austin Youngblood, they stay true to the dense sound they explored on their last album, 'Pleasure', but add twinkling atmospherics and a new clarity to their carefully cultivated, emotionally heavy songs.

Where 'Pleasure' was built on syrup-slow hooks and a weighty, sexy haze, 'Crawling Up the Stairs' is the sound of Pure X emerging from that humid cocoon to stare all the screwed up parts of life directly in the face and embrace them. 'Crawling' isn't a record about escape, it's about what you do after you've realized that escaping isn't an option and you just have to face the world you live in head on.

'Crawling Up the Stairs' is an album born from emotional turmoil. For much of 2012, Grace was laid up with a serious leg injury. During the recording period, he had no insurance, no money, and if he ever was going to walk again, he needed to have surgery. Grace had no idea if he'd get the money together, and was consumed with doubt, unable to sleep. After a cathartic but torturous night of insomnia, heavy with world-worry and intermittent nightmares, Grace emerged feeling exhausted and different. Not better or worse, but different. Ready to heal. 'Crawling' is the result of that. Track by track, Grace, Youngblood and JenkinsΓÇöwho shares vocal and songwriting dutiesΓÇödrag themselves through a bad year.

As Grace was wrestling with his own demons, Jenkins' was figuring things out as well. On the gorgeous "Thousand Year Old Child," Jenkins is wrestling with getting older and being uncertain about his future. It's a universal feeling rendered personal by Jenkins' heartbreakingly spare lyrics.

But 'Crawling' isn't entirely dark. Album closer "All of the Future (All of the Past)" is the record's most optimistic song. As if Grace, Jenkins and Youngblood have finally emerged from an endless parade of bummer moments with newly optimistic perspectives on life. "I can see the light/just got to stay alive," Grace sings. It might read as desperate, but Grace, for the first time, sounds confident that they'll make it no matter what.