Kaspersky Anti Virus 2013 v13 0 1 4190 - Team Rjaa


Description:

Technical Data
Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 v13.0.1.4190 ROG SPANISH FINAL
English | 174 MB | Autoactivado (1 Year, up to 31/12/2015) | Win XP/Vista/7/8
Description
Basic protection: Kaspersky Anti-Virus provides basic protection against the latest viruses, malware, and more. Works in the background with intelligent analysis and small, frequent updates, and at the same time, it proactively protects against threats from known and emerging Internet.

Features
Basic protection

Innovative Hybrid Protection
Basic protection with the latest technology from Kaspersky Lab
Fast response in real time to new threats

Advanced protection

Early detection of unknown malicious software
Review of malicious software changes
Vulnerability detection
Safety checks with one click
Security Checks websites instantly
Rootkit detection

Identity Protection

Phishing Defense
Virtual Keyboard

Performance

Intelligent analysis
Smart Updates
Gamer Mode

Additional Features

Unprecedented use a new interface
Easy access to safe state
Installation on infected computers
Optimized for netbooks
Free technical support

New Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013
Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 provides the following new features:

Added protection data entry from the keyboard to protect the data entered into various websites.
In order to provide protection against intruders who exploit software vulnerabilities has been added protective feature exploits the System Watcher component.
Added the option to install the latest version of Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 together with the latest updates to the database application. The application can be installed automatically using a utility available for download on the Internet.
Added the option to automatically disinfect active infections that prevent the installation of Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013.

Improvements:

They have reduced the impact of the application on the operating system performance and the amount of computer resources needed for use. In particular, it has reduced the impact of the application on the time it takes to boot the operating system and applications.
It has improved protection against malicious software hidden installation in the system and theft of personal data.
Is enhanced virtual keyboard functionality: You can now open it by clicking the quick launch icon that is displayed in the data entry fields of Web sites.
Improved the heuristic analysis is carried out to check websites for fraudulent activities.
Reduced the size of the database application, which reduces the size of data download and accelerate the installation of updates.
It has optimized the design of the main application window to ensure quick and easy access to the main features and components.
It has optimized the management option of the main features of the application from the keyboard.
Technology has been improved based on the analysis of the behavior of applications on other computers running Kaspersky Lab products designed to implement the threat classification applications to protect your computer and personal data.
It has expanded the list of supported web browsers versions of the application.

MAIN KNOWN ISSUES

File Anti-Virus could process certain file formats incorrectly. The information processing errors shown in the analysis report file Antivirus.
In some cases, files that have been moved to Quarantine from a local network can not be restored.
Parental Control could process improperly used resources SPDY protocol.
The application does not scan traffic or services that use TLS v1.2.
If the complements of Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 not activated the first time you start Internet Explorer after installing the application may only be activated via your browser settings.
The first time you start Internet Explorer after installing the application, the Web browser for which you have enabled the components of Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 you may be asked to turn them off.
Supplements Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 for Mozilla Firefox are disabled by default. Such supplements are activated through the Web browser settings.
To ensure proper operation of the Opera browser, you may be prompted to install a special certificate for encrypted connections.
When you update Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2013 to Kaspersky Internet Security 2013, you must update the database application.

System Requirements
Required for all installations:

Approximately 480 MB of available hard disk space (depending on the size of the antivirus database)
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 or higher
Microsoft Windows Installer 2.0
Internet connection for product activation
CD / DVD drive for installation of the program from the CD

* Operating Systems:

Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition
(Service Pack 2 or higher)
Microsoft Windows XP Professional
(Service Pack 2 or higher)
Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition
(Service Pack 2 or higher)
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows Vista Business (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate (32/64 bits)
Windows 7 Starter (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows 7 Home Basic (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows 7 Professional (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate (32/64 bits)
Microsoft Windows 8

Hardware Requirements:

Processor 800 MHz or higher
512 MB of available RAM
Processor 1 GHz 32-bit (x86) / 64 bit (x64) or higher
1 GB of RAM (32-bit) or 2 GB RAM (64-bit)

* Safe Run Mode does not work on Microsoft Windows XP x64 and functions with restrictions on Microsoft Windows Vista x64 and Microsoft Windows 7 x64.

Hardware requirements for netbooks (Netbooks)

CPU: Intel Atom 1.33Mhz (Z520)
RAM: (1 GB) 1024MB (DDR2-533Mhz)
Hard Drive: 160GB (5400rpm)
Video Card: Intel GMA950 + 64 MB
Display: 10.1''
OS: MS WinXP Home Edition