Xilisoft Online Video Converter

Powerful and convenient, Xilisoft Online Video Converter is a combination of viewer, downloader as well as converter of online videos from multiple popular online videos websites. Embedded with a web browser, you can directly log on homepage of online video websites, viewing videos on line, downloading your favorite ones and convert them to SD and HD videos in most common formats within one step.

Multiple popular online video websites are supported, including YouTube, Metacafe, Dailymotion, Break, Vimeo, Revver, Blip, Vidilife and Stickam. You can set up proxy server to promote the website visiting speed from built-in online video browser as well as satisfy some special needs on network safety. You are also enabled to download and convert your favored online videos in one-step to compatible video formats with various devices like iPad, iPod touch, iPhone and so on or backup on your PC. Online videos with different resolutions can also be downloaded, especially HD videos in resolution o f 1080P or 720P. Speedy batch downloading is available as well.

View online videos, download and convert online videos in one-step.
Built-in web browser to log on online video websites directly.
Download online videos with different resolutions.
Support converting local FLV videos to the most popular SD and HD video formats.
Download and convert online videos in one step to the formats compatible with multiple devices, like iPad, iPod touch, iPhone and so on.

System Requirements:

OS: Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk: 30MB space for installation
Graphics Card: Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
Others: Internet connection

Homepage: http://www.xilisoft.com/online-video-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run application, Register program with any name and key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.