General information:
Year: 2012
Genre: Sport (Soccer) / 3D
Developer: Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo
Publisher: Konami
Publisher in Russia: 1C-SoftKlab

Publication Type: RePack
Language: English / Russian / Swedish / Dutch / Turkish / Arabic
Language voice: English
Tablet: enclosing ( RELOADED )

System requirements:
v Operating system: Microsoft ® Windows ® XP (SP3), Windows ® Vista ® (SP2) or Windows ® 7 (SP1)
V Processor: Intel ® Pentium ® IV processor with a clock speed of 2.4 GHz
v Memory: 1 GB
v Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 6200, AMD / ATI Radeon x1300 or Intel HD Graphics 2000 with 128MB of video memory with support for pixel shader 3.0 compatible with DirectX 9.0c
V Sound device: compatible with DirectX ® 9.0
v Hard disk space: 5.8 GB

Description:
This new release of the popular football simulation is designed to meet the wishes and offers fans of the series. PES 2013 offers freedom in choosing the style of the game, full control of the ball when striking the ball out meticulously recreates the individual stars of football - from the nuances of facial expressions to branded devices. Thus, the three key features of PES 2013 - it PES FullControl, Player ID and ProActive AI.

PES FullControl provides complete freedom of movement of the virtual football field, the ability to vary the style of the first contact and the "manual" control the transmission of the ball and strikes on goal. In addition, the improved dribbling, now his pace more in line with the real. With just a couple of buttons you can change the speed of the ball, Mapped by his opponent and pick up again, close the housing, while team-mates will not open for a pass. Equally full control and protection is provided.

Player ID is responsible for the behavior of the recreated in the game of football stars: they are entirely replicate their traditional counterparts. A total of PES 2013 are virtual twins of the fifty best players in the world, including Cristiano Ronaldo, who became the face of the new season of PES.

ProActive AI ensures the virtual reality of what is happening on the football field. In particular, due to the improved artificial intelligence and new animation goalies more adequate than before reacting to the situation at the gate, while field players will quickly take the right decisions and tactically better to keep the defense.