Conor Fitzgerald has lived in Ireland, the UK, the United States and Italy. He has worked as an arts editor, produced a current affairs journal for foreign embassies based in Rome, and founded a successful translation company. He is married with two children and lives in Rome.

The Dogs of Rome(#1): In this accomplished and riveting thriller, police inspector Alec Blume battles organized crime, political pressure, and his own demons as he investigates the death of Arturo Clemente. Blume, a clever American expatriate with a disposition against authority, soon realizes that he is being watched from on high. Forced to negotiate with powerful, suspicious people on all sides of the law, Blume must rely on instinct, drive, and luck to find the killer.

The Fatal Touch(#2): Alec Blume returns to action in this intricate and heart-pounding new novel. With the help of his associate Caterina, Blume is called to the scene of a death connected to a spate of muggings. Though the Carabinieri-military police-are trying to control the investigation, Blume, never one to bow to authority, pursues it his own way.

When it becomes clear that the victim is an art forger, enemies-and hidden treasures-begin to emerge. Relying on old friends and intuitions, Blume hurls himself into the center of the mystery, risking his job, his neck, and just about anyone who trusts him.

The Namesake (#3): When magistrate Matteo Arconti’s namesake, an insurance man from Milan, is found dead outside the court buildings in Piazzo Clodio, it’s a clear warning to the authorities in Rome—a message of defiance and intimidation from a powerful crime syndicate.

Commissioner Alec Blume, interpreting the reference to his other ongoing case—a frustrating one in which he’s so far been unable to pin murder on a Mafia boss operating at an untouchable distance in Germany—knows he’s too close to it. Handing control of the investigation to now live-in and not-so-secret partner Caterina Mattiola, Blume takes a backseat. And while Caterina embarks on questioning the Milanese widow, Blume has an underhand idea of his own to lure the arrogant mafioso out of his hiding place…

The Memory Key (Scheduled for August 2013)

Full Retail ePub. Calibre and ePub Reader ready. Metadata is complete and up to date.