Kaspersky Mobile Security 9.10.141 FiNaL AnDrOiD - SceneDL

Requirements: Android 1.6+

Robust anti-theft, anti-malware, privacy protection and call/SMS filter
Kaspersky Mobile Security offers you complete peace of mind, knowing that your smartphone and your data have the advanced protection against privacy violation, device loss or theft, annoying calls and messages, as well as malicious software.

Features: 

Anti-Theft

    Remotely Lock or Wipe your phone if it is lost or stolen. Just send a special SMS to a missing device to remotely activate protection. 
    Prearranged message will be displayed on the screen if the smartphone is locked, allowing any law-abiding citizen that finds your smartphone to return it to you. 
    Locate your smartphone using GPS, GSM or Wi-Fi ΓÇô see it's exact location on Google Maps. 
    The first thing a thief normally does is to remove a SIM card. If the SIM is replaced, SIM Watch feature will immediately lock the device and send you an email alert with the new number. 

Call & SMS Filter

    Choose which contacts you want to accept calls and messages from. Easily blacklist annoying numbers just by a single click.

Privacy Protection

    You can mark a contact as 'private', meaning that no trace of them will appear in contact lists, SMSs and call logs. Other people using your mobile will only see what you allow them to see.

Anti-Malware Protection

    Everything you need to keep your smartphone protected: real-time protection from malware, on-demand or scheduled antivirus scans, automatic updates over-the-air.

What's in this version: (Updated : Mar 19, 2013)

    Android 4.2 support
    Mugshot for identification of unauthorized users of your smartphone by secretly taking their picture
    Anti-Theft Web Management portal ΓÇô web-based control centre providing an easy-to-use, convenient way to interact with your phone remotely

This app has no advertisements

More Info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kms

By:

SceneDL