The Apache ActiveMQ message broker is an open source implementation of the Java Message Service spec. It makes for a reliable hub in any message-oriented enterprise application and integrates beautifully with Java EE containers, ESBs, and other JMS providers. ActiveMQ in Action is all youΓÇÖll need to master ActiveMQ. It starts from the anatomy of a JMS message and moves quickly through connectors, message persistence, authentication, and authorization. By following a running example (a stock portfolio app), youΓÇÖll pick up the best practices distilled by the authors from their long and deep involvement with this technology. WhatΓÇÖs Inside How to design message-based apps How to implement EI patterns using Camel How to administer ActiveMQ How to integrate with Geronimo, JBoss, Spring, and more This book requires a working knowledge of Java, but no previous experience with ActiveMQ or other message brokers is needed. About the Author Bruce Snyderis a veteran of enterprise software development and a recognizedleader in open source software. Bruce has experience in a wide range of technolo-gies including Java EE, Enterprise Messaging and Service Oriented Integration. Inaddition to his role as a software consultant, Bruce is also an Apache Member, aco-founder of Apache Geronimo and a developer for Apache ActiveMQ, Camel,and ServiceMix. Dejan Bosanacis a software developer, technology consultant and author withdeep expertise in integration and interoperability of Java and web technologies.Dejan spent a number of years in development of complex software projects, rang-ing from highly-trafficked web sites through enterprise applications.Rob Davieshas over 20 years experience of developing high performance distrib-uted enterprise systems and products for telcos and finance. He is a founder of theApache ActiveMQ, Apache ServiceMix, and Apache Camel projects. CurrentlyDirector of Open Source Development at IONA, Rob was also a founder andCTO of SpiritSoft and founder and VP Product Development at LogicBlaze. Book Details Paperback: 408 pages Publisher: Manning Publications (March 2010) Language: English ISBN-10: 1933988940 ISBN-13: 978-1933988948