Today everything changes.

Today you learn how to make the Law of Attraction work for you.

A seven-part, professionally produced audio course, was created by Law of Attraction master Jack Canfield. Jack is co-creator of the Chicken Soup for the Soul series, author of The Success Principles, and featured teacher in The Secret. 

This program was only freely available for one week, from:
 www.learningstrategies.com/effortlesssuccessmindfest


Here's the description:
---
In your FIRST session you will learn Jack's secret to Live with Purpose and Celebrate Success.

Your SECOND audio session will help you Receive Inspiration.  The topics on this recording include: Open to Guidance, Universal Laws, Inner Wisdom Meditation, Life Purpose, and Manifestation.

Your THIRD session will help you Form Intention. Jack teaches you: Dream Big Goals, Clear Vision Meditation, Create the Vision, Intentions and Affirmations, and Appreciation.

Your FOURTH session will help you Take Action. You will explore: Affirm then Act, Rule of Five, Positives from Negatives, Creating You Day Meditation, Take the Leap.

Your FIFTH session will help you Experience Growth. Jack will help you with: Trust and Respond, Daily Review Meditation, Review and Transform, Focus on Solutions, Believe the Dream, Law of Least Effort.

Your SIXTH session reviews the Effortless Success Basics, addresses common questions, and helps you with: Staying Inspired, Keeping Faith, Your Calling, Real Guidance, Finding Purpose, Finding Clarity, Jack's Practice, and Feeling Good.

Your SEVENTH session explores Questions and Answers from those using the teachings of Effortless Success.


Filenames:
1-01 Day 0_ Effortless Success.mp3
1-02 Day 0_ Effortless Success Fast Finish.mp3
2-01 Day 1_ Receive Inspiration.mp3
2-02 Day 1_ Receive Inspiration - Fast Finish.mp3
3-01 Day 2_ Form Intention.mp3
3-02 Day 2_ Form Intention  - Fast Finish.mp3
3-03 Day 2_ Paraliminal - Asking.mp3
4-01 Day 3_ Take Action.mp3
4-02 Day 3_ Take Action - Fast Finish.mp3
5-01 Day 4_ Experience Growth.mp3
5-02 Day 4_ Experience Growth - Fast Finish.mp3
6-01 Day 5_ Effortless Success Basics.mp3
7-01 Day 6_ Effortless Success Q&A.mp3