

Presented by Alan Ereira. Alan Ereira is co-executive producer of the Crusades
series with Terry Jones. He has worked as a BBC radio and television producer,
specialising in history, since 1962. His credits include Battle of the Somme,
which won the Japan Prize in 1978; Armada, which was winner of the Royal
Television Society's Best Documentary Series of 1988; The Terror; Ireland's
Opportunity; and From the Heart of the World. He is the author of The People's
England, The Invegordon Mummy and The Heart of the World

01 Normans to Magna Carta. (1066 -

This programme studies the Normans, covering historical landmarks such as the
Battle of Hastings, the creation of the exchequer, Thomas Becket's murder, the
Crusades and the signing of the Magna Carta.


02 Medieval.

This episode covers the time from the Magna Carta through to Henry VI, taking in
the 100 Years War, the Peasant's Revolt and the Battle of Agincourt along the
way.


03 The Tudors (1485 - 1603)

King Henry VII Founder of the Tudor dynasty. King Henry VIII & his six wives.
Queen Mary I - Bloody Mary. Queen Elizabeth I - The Virgin Queen

04 The Stuarts (1603 - 1714)

Taking a look at the reign of the Stuarts. An era of an expanding court, plague,
fire, radical politics, religious debate, and a bloody civil war in the mid-
seventeenth century between Cavaliers and Roundheads.

05 The Georgians (1714-1837)

Lust, tempestuous relationships and madness feature in the colourful reigns of
the Georgians. George I brought two mistresses over from Germany, George II
quarrelled openly with his son Frederick, and George III became ruler of the
British Empire - but madness eventually disabled him. His son reigned as Prince
Regent for eight years, and later as King George IV.

06 The Moderns (1837 - Present)

In this edition, a look at the modern royal family of Saxe-Coburg and Windsor,
whose direct lineage stretches back to Queen Victoria and continues up to
Elizabeth II.



Enjoy and Seed!!