Everything Written and Illustrated by James Kochalka

'Johnny Boo - The Best Little Ghost In The World'
Top Shelf Productions, 2008, 42 pages

Johnny Boo is the best little ghost in the whole world, because he's got Boo Power. This means that he can go "BOO" really loudly. His pet ghost, Squiggle, has Squiggle Power, which means that he can fly and do really fast loop-the-loops. Together they have the world's greatest ghost adventures! When the giant pink and yellow Ice Cream Monster bumbles into their lives, they go into a mad panic... until they discover that he's actually quite friendly.


'Johnny Boo - Twinkle Power'
Top Shelf Productions, 2009, 42 pages

Johnny Boo has "boo" power and his pet ghost Squiggle has "squiggle" power. But which is better? And might there be a power that is greater than them both? Wiggle power? Giggle power? Squiggle goes on a quest to learn the secret of twinkle power from the twinkling stars, but doesn't have much luck. Instead, a strange and hilarious secret is discovered about Johnny Boo's hair.


'Johnny Boo and the Happy Apples'
Top Shelf Productions, 2009, 42 pages

The full-color, all-ages hit series returns! In this adventure, Johnny Boo has been eating a little too much ice cream, and now his muscles have gotten all floppy and droopy. Why, they're positively floopy! Meanwhile, our friend the Ice Cream Monster has changed his gluttonous ways and now has big strong muscles, thanks to his new favorite food: apples! Terribly embarrassed by his own puny muscles, Johnny Boo sets out on a quest to find some happy apples that can give him strong happy muscles. But it won't be easy... especially if the Ice Cream Monster mistakes him for a delicious ice cream cone! And is that a television inside the monster's belly!?


'Johnny Boo and the Mean Little Boy'
Top Shelf Productions, 2010, 42 pages

When Johnny Boo is busy with another friend, Squiggle tries to make a new friend of his own but instead gets captured by a butterfly-hunting boy. Continuing to offer the same bright colors and youthful fun of the first three Johnny Boo graphic novels, Kochalka’s story will be a hit with young readers. Kids will identify with a subplot about trying—and failing—to make it to a bathroom on time and will understand Squiggle’s hurt feelings when Johnny leaves him out of the fun. A great addition to children’s graphic-novel collections that is sure to bring plenty of laughs.

'Johnny Boo and Harold in Tricky Treaters'
Top Shelf Kids Club, 2012, 16 page mini comic