Track Listing

1. 	The Chronic (Intro)
		
2. 	Fuck Wit Dre Day
		
3. 	Let Me Ride
		
4. 	The Day The Niggaz Took Over
		
5. 	Nuthin' But A 'g' Thang
		
6. 	Deeez Nuuuts
		
7. 	Lil' Ghetto Boy
		
8. 	A Nigga Witta Gun
		
9. 	Rat-a-tat-tat
		
10. 	The $20 Sack Pyramid
		
11. 	Lyrical Gangbang
		
12. 	High Powered
		
13. 	The Doctor's Office
		
14. 	Stranded On Death Row
		
15. 	The Roach (Chronic Outro)
		
16. 	Bitches Ain't Shit


Album Info

The Chronic is the solo debut album of American hip hop artist Dr. Dre, released December 15, 1992, on his own record label Death Row Records, and distributed by Priority Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in June 1992 at Death Row Studios in Los Angeles and at Bernie Grundman Mastering in Hollywood. The album is named after a slang term for high-grade marijuana, and its cover is an homage to Zig-Zag rolling papers. It was recorded by Dr. Dre following his departure from hip hop group N.W.A and its label Ruthless Records over a financial dispute, and consequently features both subtle and direct insults at Ruthless and its owner, former N.W.A-member Eazy-E. Although a solo album, it features many appearances by Snoop Dogg, who used the album as a launch pad for his own solo career.

Upon its release, The Chronic received positive reviews from most music critics and earned considerable sales success. The album peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 and has sold over three million copies, Which led to Dr. Dre becoming one of the top ten best-selling American performing artists of 1993. Dr. Dre's production has been noted for founding and popularizing the G-funk sub-genre within gangsta rap. The Chronic has been widely regarded as one of the most important and influential albums of the 1990s and regarded by many fans and peers to be one of the most well-produced classic hip hop albums of all time. In 2003, the album was ranked number 138 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.