The Holy Quran
2. Surah Al-Baqara (The Calf)
Arabic and English translation and transliteration


Period of Revelation
Medina (except the last 3 verses which were revealed in Mecca).

Introduction
This surah is the longest surah in the Quran and contains the longest verse in the Qur'an (2:282). The name references verses 67--73 which recall the story of the golden calf worshipped as an idol by the Israelites during Moses' absence.
The theme of Surah Baqarah is divided into two parts: 1) Bani Israel - and talks about the first enemy of Islam 
(The Jews) and then 2) Pillars of Islam and Eeman.
Other notable passages include the famous Ayat Al-Kursi or "Throne Verse", as well as the closing two verses which outline the six articles of belief before forming a prayer for forgiveness, divine mercy, and help against enemies of faith.
The surah addresses a wide variety of topics, including substantial amounts of law, and retells stories of Adam, Abraham and Moses. A major theme is guidance: urging the pagans (Al-Kuffar) and the Jews of Medina to embrace Islam, and warning them and the hypocrites of the fate God had visited in the past on those who failed to heed His call.
Hadith: It is reported from 'Uqbah Ibn 'Amir Al-Juhani that he said that Muhammad said: "Recite the last two verses from Surat Al-Baqarah, for I was given them from a treasure trove beneath the Throne" (Ahmad)


English Translation: Sahih International
Arabic Reciter: Mishari ibn Rashid al-`Afasy
English Reciter: Ibrahim Walk
Text: Quran.com: http://quran.com/02
Download MP3's: http://quranicaudio.com/download/quran/58

The Meaning Of Islam
Website: http://www.themeaningofislam.org
Blog: http://www.blog.themeaningofislam.org
Twitter:
YouTube:

**Note on the Arabic text**
While every effort has been made for the Arabic text to be correct, it has been copied from Quran.com's text and therefore some letters might look different due to the font change. I recommend for accurate Arabic letters you refer to Quran.com.