I made this CD of the vinyl album years ago as there was nowhere else to get it.
This is being shared in full CD quality WAV format.The 1st 4 tracks are a continuous medley which I was able to separate into 4 separate tracks that play together without pause. Below is Wiki info on the album.

Muse was the last album of Jones' disco trilogy recorded with producer Tom Moulton, which began in 1977 with debut Portfolio. As in the case of two previous records, the first side of the album is a continuous medley of four songs, joined by a narrative about someone who has sinned. The second side, however, consists of disco songs with no lyrical relation to one another. All album art, including the cover image, is by Richard Bernstein.

The album features a re-recorded version "I'll Find My Way to You", which Jones released 3 years prior to Muse. It was originally featured in a 1976 Italian movie Quelli della calibro 38 (international title: Colt 38 Special Squad) in which she played a club singer. The original version along with a song called "Again and Again" were included on a single produced by composer Stelvio Cipriani. Icelandic keyboardist Thor Baldursson who arranged most of the album and also sang duet with Grace on the track "Suffer" had previously worked in Munich, Germany with disco stars such as Silver Convention, Boney M., Donna Summer, Amanda Lear and Giorgio Moroder.

Muse was released in the year of the "anti-disco backlash" and both the album and its double A-side single, "On Your Knees"/"Don't Mess with the Messer", were largely overlooked by the record buying public at the time and is generally believed to be Grace Jones' "lost album". Muse remains her lowest-charting studio album in the USA and the only studio album not to produce any charting single. For many years, Muse had been the only Grace Jones studio album not to have been re-released on CD. Gold Legion, a record company that specializes in re-issuing classic disco albums on CD, finally released it on the format in November 2011, remastered, but with no bonus tracks.[2]

Note: Tracks from side A are a non-stop medley, with the total playing time 20:26.

Side A

    "Sinning" (Grace Jones, Pierre Papadiamandis) – 5:06
    "Suffer" (Tom Moulton, Thor Baldursson) – 4:17
    "Repentance (Forgive Me)" (Grace Jones, Pierre Papadiamandis) – 3:50
    "Saved" (Jack Robinson, James Bolden, Vivienne Savoie Robinson) – 7:13

Side B

    "Atlantic City Gambler" (Tom Moulton, Duke Williams) – 5:46
    "I'll Find My Way to You" (Stelvio Cipriani, Hal Shaper) – 5:14
    "Don't Mess with the Messer" (Grace Jones, Pierre Papadiamandis) – 4:50
    "On Your Knees" (D.C. LaRue, Jerry Corbetta) – 6:20

(CD shared here has tracks 1 - 8)