Django Unchained (2012) [MICROHD 1080p] [DUAL]
 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Django-Unchained-Blu-ray/47394/

Format: Matroska
Size: 4.77 GB
Nominal Bitrate: 4,330 Kbs.
Audio: Spanish AC3 5.1, 448 kb / s.
Audio: English AC3 5.1, 256 kb / s.
Subtitles: Spanish forced
Subtitles: Spanish
Subtitles: English
Resolution: 1920x800

Original title: Django Unchained
Country: USA
USA release: 25/12/2012
Released in Spain: 18/01/2013
Released on DVD (rental): 08/05/2013
Studio: The Weinstein Company
Directed by Quentin Tarantino
Screenplay: Quentin Tarantino
Starring: Jamie Foxx, Kerry Washington, Leonardo DiCaprio, Christoph Waltz, Samuel L. Jackson, M.C. Gainey, Walton Goggins, Garrett Dillahunt, Dennis Christopher, Gerald McRaney, Laura Cayouette, MC Gainey, Don Johnson, Tom Savini, Anthony LaPaglia, RZA, Tom Wopat, James Remar, James Russo, Todd Allen, Jonah Hill
Rating: Not recommended for children under 16 years

Synopsis:
Set in the American South states two years before the outbreak of the Civil War, Django Unchained stars the Oscar ┬«-winning actor Jamie Foxx in the role of Django, a slave whose brutal past with their former owners brings you face to face with German-born bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz (the Oscar ┬«-winning actor Christoph Waltz). Schultz keeps track of the brothers murderers Brittle and Django is the only one that can take you to them. The purchase unorthodox Schultz Django with a promise to release him after capturing the Brittle - dead or alive.

After the successful mission Schultz frees Django but both choose not to separate and follow the same path. With the help of Django, Schultz begins the search and capture of the most wanted criminals in the South. As is polishing his ability as a hunter, Django focuses on his only goal: find and rescue Broomhilda (Kerry Washington), the wife who snatched the slave trade many years ago.

The search for Django and Schultz will lead ultimately to Calvin Candie (played by Oscar ┬«-nominated actor Leonardo DiCaprio), the owner of "Candyland," an infamous plantation where slaves are prepared by trainer Ace Woody to fight about against others for fun. Recognizing the property under false pretenses, Django and Schultz raised the suspicion of Stephen (the Oscar ┬«-nominated actor Samuel L. Jackson), the trusted house slave Candie. Now follow in their footsteps, and a ruthless organization are approaching. If Django and Schultz want to escape with Broomhilda, will be forced to choose between independence and solidarity, sacrifice and survival ...