 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51n3%2BYOWgNL.jpg

Te Complete Idiot's Guide to Tantric Sex

Publisher: Imprint Unknown;
Dr. Judy Kuriansky
2001
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0028641752
ISBN-13: 978-0028641751
PDF  
387 pages 
5.86 MB

The Complete Idiot's Guide® to Tantric Sex covers every aspect of this ancient practice, from the sacred beliefs of Tantra which form the basis for Tantric loving to the process of preparing for and practicing Tantric techniques. The book is broken down into six parts, including: the secret sexual world of Tantra; preparing your mind for Tantric sex; preparing your body for Tantric sex; preparing your spirit for Tantric sex; the art of Tantric self-love; and the joy of Tantric sex.

Uncover the sacred side of sex—with this second edition of the bestselling guide.

In this updated, fully illustrated second edition of the bestselling book, Dr. Judy Kuriansky—a certified associate Ipsalu Tantra Teacher—uncovers every aspect of this ancient practice. 

 From the sacred beliefs behind Tantra and Tantric loving to the practice of Tantric techniques, this book includes a new chapter on sacred sex, an updated chapter on Tantra rituals, the author’s own Tantric sex therapy technique, tips from world-renowned Tantric experts, and listings of national Tantra instructors and workshops.

 * Fully illustrated
 * Author is a tantric expert who has studied with pioneer Margot Anand
 * A basic introduction to the principles of Tantra
 * Tantric sex was recently featured in an episode of Sex and the City and in an article in New York magazine

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41OcLj0TYUL._SL500_AA300_.jpg


Morning, Noon and Night: Erotica for Couples 

Publisher: Cleis Press
Alison Tyler
2012 
English
ASIN: B008DYICDC
ISBN: 1573448214 
PDF 
218 pages 
3.34 MB

According to statistics, men think about sex 20 times a day and women around ten. Alison Tyler thinks about sex 24 hours a day and the result is this sizzling collection of headily sensual stories, Morning, Noon, and Night. 
 Fortunately, noted eroticist Tyler is half of a happy couple, well matched in every way so no editor is better equipped to curate a book of erotica designed to stimulate the minds, hearts (not to mention everything else) and stir the souls of couples to enjoy each other morning, noon, and night. From delicious trysts at dawn's early light to naughty nooners to afternoon delight and dinner in flagrante delicto and beyond, Alison Tyler is your guide to a scorching hot sex, anywhere, anytime.


