

Adobe After Effects CS6 v11.01.12 with Activator - Team Rjaa

Technical Data
Adobe After Effects CS6 v11.0.1.12 Multilanguage
en_US, en_GB, de_DE, fr_FR, fr_CA, es_ES, en_US, it_IT, ja_JP, ko_KR | 1.1 GB | WIN / MAC
Description
What's New in After Effects
Adobe ® After Effects ® CS6 lets you deliver cinematic visual effects and motion graphics faster than ever with the new overall performance cache. Expand your creativity with integrated text and extruded forms, new options and a draft of masks in 3D camera tracker fast and easy to use.

See top new features in After Effects CS6
Learn more about the overall performance cache, the 3D camera tracker and other features introduced in this latest version of the industry standard solution for animation and compositing.

Work faster
After Effects CS6 brings 64-bit performance to a new level with the new overall performance cache that optimizes and stores your previews so you can meet deadlines instead of waiting rather than having to wait for some updates.

Create visual effects with improved accuracy and new creative options
Challenge the limits of creativity. Use the 3D camera tracker to seamlessly integrate animated 3D objects with 2D video sequences. Arrange the effects have the look you want with varying depth of masks and Imagineer Systems mocha Ltd (including *) for After Effects CS6.

System Requirements
Windows

Intel ® Core ™ 2 Duo or AMD Phenom ® II requires 64-bit support
Microsoft ® Windows ® 7 with Service Pack 1 (64-bit)
4 GB of RAM (8 GB)
3 GB of available hard disk space; additional free space required during installation (can not install on storage devices based on flash memory)
Additional free space for disk cache (10 GB recommended)
Resolution 1280 x 900
System supports OpenGL 2.0
DVD-ROM drive for installation from DVD media
QuickTime 7.6.6 software required for QuickTime features
Optional: Adobe-certified GPU card for 3D processing with ray tracing and GPU acceleration *

Mac OS

Multicore Intel processor with 64-bit support
Mac OS X v10.6.8 or v10.7
4 GB of RAM (8 GB)
4 GB of available disk space for installation, additional free space required during installation (can not install on a volume that uses a system of case-sensitive file, or on removable flash storage devices)
Additional free space for disk cache (10 GB recommended)
Resolution 1280 x 900
System supports OpenGL 2.0
DVD-ROM drive for installation from DVD media
QuickTime 7.6.6 software required for QuickTime features
Optional: Adobe-certified GPU card for 3D processing with ray tracing and GPU acceleration *.

* Adobe ® After Effects ® CS6 processed 3D images with ray tracing through your computer's CPU, using all the physical cores. In addition, you can also benefit from NVIDIA OptiX ™ for highly accelerated processing (requires an NVIDIA GPU support and 512 + MB of texture memory).