Automatic and tailored corrections

DxO Optics Pro automatically corrects and improves your photos as you open them. Corrections are precisely tailored to your images by taking into account the camera and lens you used. Our thorough knowledge of your equipment allows DxO Optics Pro to provide you with the best tools and the most precise settings for unparalleled sharpness and beauty in your photos

Rigorous optical corrections

DxO Optics Pro corrects precisely and with an unrivaled level of quality all the optical flaws in your images (RAW and JPEG) such as distortion, vignetting, and chromatic aberrations. DxO’s totally unique library of thousands of DxO Optics Modules precisely fits each correction to every single image. Generated using an exclusive calibration process for each combination of cameras and lenses, DxO Optics Modules contain tens of thousands of data about the intrinsic flaws of each camera and lens. A DxO Labs exclusive.

Lens softness

With its exclusive Lens softness tool, DxO Optics Pro automatically sharpens photos (RAW and JPG). Image sharpness is improved and homogenized from the center to the photo edges. The results are even more dramatic with RAW-format photos. Local-content photo analysis technology offers you flawless images, even when pushing settings to the max. DxO Optics Pro also preserves the bokeh, avoiding artifacts that can appear in homogenous or deliberately out-of-focus zones.

Light and contrast optimization

Restore the ideal balance between the dark and light zones in your images. New, exclusive DxO Smart Lighting intelligently reveals your photos details under different lighting conditions, including under- or overexposure. Light and contrast are locally as well as globally optimized for a perfect rendering. Set your hand on a unique intensity slider to globally refine final rendering and make subtle improvements. Want to go further? Use the Selective Tone tool to precisely and separately handle highlights, midtones, and shadows.

The HDR mono-image tool provides the final touch, revealing tons of details in burnt or dark zones.

Exceptional denoising

Give up your flash with DxO Optics Pro! Restore the full emotional impact of your night shots and obtain detailed textures with incomparable colors. Based on meticulous calibration in our laboratories, DxO Optics Pro’s unsurpassed denoising tool has been designed to support all cameras, including yours, thus automatically eliminating the digital noise from all your images.

RAW conversion

DxO Optics Pro provides you with incomparable image quality, thanks to its RAW converter based on careful and thorough characterization of cameras just like yours. Optimized for RAW format, DxO Optics Pro provides extremely fine adjustments to your photos in a non-destructive manner. Master your image rendering by precisely adjusting white balance, details, and colors in your photos. Save your settings as custom presets to easily apply them to batches of images later.

Color management

Restore the brilliant colors of your images thanks to DxO Optics Pro’s powerful correction tools. Take control of the sliders and let your creativity loose when adjusting white balance, vibrancy, tonal curves, protection of saturated colors, and multi-point balance (Mac only). You can even change the color rendering by choosing to apply that of an entirely different camera. The creative possibilities are endless! A DxO Labs exclusive.

and much more....


System requirements

Microsoft® Windows : VISTA (64 bits), 7 (64 bits), 8 (64 bits)
Processor: Intel Core® 2 Duo or higher, AMD Athlon™ 64 X2 or higher
Graphics card: Support DirectX 9.0.c or higher; 256 MB VRAM recommended to support GPU.

Memory needed : 2 GB de RAM (4 GB strongly recommended)

Disk space needed :Running the software requires a minimum of 2 GB on the hard disk. 6 GB is recommended for optimal software performance.

Maximum size of images that can be processed by DxO Optics Pro

- RAW: up to 36 Mpix

- 16-bit TIFF: up to 100 Mpix

- 8-bit TIFF or JPEG: up to 200 Mpix

The following graphics cards are fully compatible with OpenCL

Radeon HD 5xxx, 6xxx, 7xxx, GeForce 2xx, 4xx, 5xx, 6xx.

You should choose a powerful card (for example, the GeForce GTX 460, Radeon HD 58xx or higher) in order to enjoy significant improvement. The new Radeon HD 7xxx and GeForce 6xx cards have not been tested yet, but should function very well.

Additional requirements : Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0

Languages : English, Geman, French, Japanese


Proof: http://bayimg.com/PaNFeAaeb


----------------------------------------------------------------
Read The given readme.txt for safe installation

Please continue to seed after your download finishes

For More Visit us on FB : http://fb.me/CycloneTorrents	
----------------------------------------------------------------