This fills a request for dishan301. This torrent includes all issues of the short-lived CAPTAIN AMERICA & THE FALCON revival. As a bonus, I've included the 2004 Captain America Posterbook and cover scans of 2 of the 3 trade paperbacks that collected this series. All credit goes to the original scanners and uploader. Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

Captain America and the Falcon was a comic book series published for fourteen issues in 2004 and 2005 by Marvel Comics. The series' title is a reuse of the cover title of Captain America's solo series during a period in which the Falcon was given second billing on the front cover. Although never the official title, Captain America was cover titled Captain America and the Falcon from February 1971 to June 1978, issues #134-#222.

The 2004 Captain America and the Falcon series' 14 issues were all written by Christopher Priest, with the artwork duties primarily Bart Sears and Joe Bennett.

The idea to begin publishing Captain America and the Falcon began with Marvel editor Tom Brevoort. Captain America's solo title had been restarted in 2002 as a part of the Marvel Knights imprint. This resulted in a situation in which the character's then current solo stories were no longer taking place within Marvel's main shared universe, the Marvel Universe. Captain America and the Falcon was meant to fill the gap created by this situation.

The death blow for Captain America and the Falcon came when Captain America's solo series was once again relaunched in 2005. This new solo series featured stories once again set in the Marvel Universe. With sales dropping and the series very reason for existing now gone, Marvel canceled Captain America and the Falcon with issue #14.

The 14 issues of Captain America and the Falcon were broken up into various storyarcs. The first storyarc, titled "Two Americas" was contained within the first four issues. The next three issues (numbered #5-7) were tie-ins for the Avengers Disassembled crossover. The Avengers Disassembled crossover issues were followed by the five part (issues #8-12) "Brothers & Keepers" storyarc and the two part (issues #13-14) "American Psycho" storyarc.