
Fucked On Sight 7: Who wouldn`t want to be celebrated French stud Manuel Ferrera, living the mansion life, the digits of the porn industrys hottest bitches, all of them eager to come running for a taste of that uncut beer-can cock at his fingertips? FUCKED ON SIGHT 7 offers Manuel fans another chance to play pretend, as a half dozen of porns foremost fuckbeasts get face-fucked, pussy-pounded and ass-attacked in exquisite POV action! Be the Man(uel) for five scenes of poolside teases and rec room rump-humping featuring Krissy Lynn, Madison Parker, Faye Reagan, Kiara Diane, Aubrey Addams and Jessica Moore! 

Your orders are strict and to be followed to the letter: fuck every hot girl on sight! Starring Jessica Moore, Aubrey Addams, Faye Reagan, Madison Parker, Krissy Lynn and Kiara Diane. Directed by Manuel Ferrara.


    Scene 1. Krissy Lynn, Manuel Ferrara
    Scene 2. Aubrey Addams, Madison Parker, Manuel Ferrara
    Scene 3. Jessica Moore, Manuel Ferrara
    Scene 4. Faye Reagan, Manuel Ferrara
    Scene 5. Kiara Diane, Manuel Ferrara


Length 3 hrs. 10 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Oct 19 2009
Production Year 2009
Studio  Evil Angel





Reviewed by Captain Jack  on  12/8/2009

Manuel Ferrara’s POV series returns for another go-round. There might not be a male performer in history who brought out better performances in his co-stars than Manuel. He has a good cast here in Krissy Lynn, Aubrey Addmas, Faye Reagan and Kiarra Diane, so let’s get to it!

Krissy Lynn

The movie opens with Krissy’s ass filling the screen. What a way to start it! She’s laying out by the pool wearing a tiny bikini and Manuel soaks in every inch of her body with his lens. She does some hip thrusts that stick her ass out even more before getting naked. She plays with herself before oiling up her big ass. She splashes around for a bit in the water for the final part of her excellent tease. She makes her way into the house and finds Manuel waiting for her on the couch. She starts by rubbing her tits gently across his cock before taking him in her mouth. She takes him fairly deep down her throat and makes sure she pleasures his balls as well. She shows off a little before Manuel enters her in mish. The expression on her face when he tells him to put it in slow almost made me bust a nut right there! She rides him in reverse cowgirl and cowgirl before she gets Manuel’s manhood in doggie and mish. She sucks him off causing Manuel to explode all over her face.

Aubrey Addams, Madison Parker

Aubrey emerges from the pool as naked as the day she was born. She does a brief tease before engulfing Manuel’s cock as he’s sitting on the side of the water. She takes him deep and gags herself on his unit. Manu asks to see her ass again just as Madison makes her way through the house. She sees Aubrey in action and gets a little pissed. She pulls him away from the blonde and tells him if he’s to fuck anyone, it’s going to be her! They go inside and she continues what Aubrey started. Madison gives him head for a bit before getting naked and inviting Manu to stick his thumb in her ass. Aubrey interrupts and from there the girls seem to have a competition to see who can fuck him harder. Madison eventually takes it up the ass, with both girls doing ATM, so she would seem to be the winner! LOL. Madison strokes him off in her mouth and she swaps it with Aubrey. They cum kiss and then Aubrey swallows it.

Jessica Moore

Manuel looks throughout the house for Jessica and it seems she’s in the shower getting soaped up. She prances through the house showing off her natural body when Manu decides it’s time to have some fun. She kneels in front of him and starts blowing him. She rides him in cowgirl and reverse cowgirl before getting fucked in mish and doggie. Manuel can’t resist her ass and takes advantage by fucking her in doggie anal. He continues the anal assault in cowgirl, reverse cowgirl and mish before she strokes him off all over her stomach.

Faye Reagan

Faye is sleeping and looks very sexy doing so. Manuel peels back the covers so that we can check out her figure. He pulls off the entire sheets and, damn, Faye has a great body! She has a little fur patch just above her pussy and I just wanted to jump into the TV and have a taste! Faye suddenly wakes up and is embarrassed that Manuel has a camera on her. That doesn’t stop her from playing with her pussy, however. She says her mouth is talented and wants to show him. She starts sucking his cock and even eats his ass a little. She gets fucked in cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, doggie and mish. He strokes off in her mouth and she swallows what she catches!

Kiarra Diane

Blonde Kiarra is splashing around in the pool wearing only a thong bikini bottom. She gets naked and teases the camera before making her way inside and to Manuel. She plays with her pussy to get it wet before taking Manu into her mouth. She sucks on him briefly before fucking him in cowgirl. She shows off more of her oral skills before getting fucked in reverse cowgirl, doggie and mish. Manuel strokes off on her face and in her mouth. Kiarra spits it out but does some clean-up.


SUMMARY

Another winner from Manuel. Krissy and Faye were the two hottest scenes on the DVD. Can’t get enough of those two! But the other scenes were nothing to sneeze at either. This is definitely a POV movie worth picking up! 







