DVDFab 9.0.2.5 for Windows (February 5, 2013)
 
Changelog
 
New: Updated language files.
 New: Some minor changes and improvements.
 New: Added support to create menu and other features for Blu-ray Creator. 
New: Improved PathPlayer to support some special discs.
 New: Added support for full uninstall mode which allows user to choose whether remove personal data and customizations.
 New: Added support for “Save as Default Profile” feature in Advanced Settings dialog.
 
Fix: A problem that Video Effect dialog should be opened only once.
 Fix: A problem that editing feature for multiple titles selection is wrong.
 Fix: A problem that cannot save the setting of "Default output type" in Common Settings dialog.
 Fix: A problem that cannot update summary info in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem when clicking "Save" button of profile editor in certain cases.
 Fix: A freeze problem when copying Blu-ray 3D disc with external subtitle in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that response is slow when navigating form Main Movie to Full Disc mode with Blu-ray folder source.
 Fix: A crash problem when opening some Blu-ray 3D sources in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem of analysis process after cancel the conversion in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that cannot close DVDFab while ripping process failed in command-line mode.
 Fix: A problem that cannot save the option “Default output type” to DVD Writer in Common Settings dialog.
 Fix: A crash problem when clicking “OK” button of open external subtitle dialog in Blu-ray Copy in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that the external subtitle of copied Blu-ray 3D cannot be displayed using PowerDVD.
 Fix: A problem that missing "Convert DTS/LPCM audio to AC3" option in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that no warning message when copying Blu-ray to ISO file when ImgBurn burning engine is selected but not installed.
 Fix: A 500 problem when copying Blu-ray source twice in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that missing "Convert DTS/LPCM to AC-3" option when opening source which only has one title.
 Fix: A crash problem when opening compressed Blu-ray BD25 in certain cases, such as: Dark Knight Rises.
 Fix: A problem that cannot convert using ipod.audio.mp3 profile in DVD Ripper.
 Fix: A problem that cannot enable deinterlacing in DVD Ripper.
 Fix: A problem that no Base View info in Blu-ray 3D Ripper.
 Fix: A freeze problem when customizing source aspect ratio in certain cases.
 Fix: A crash problem clicking the "OK" button in advanced settings page in certain cases.
 Fix: A problem that no limit of the audio volume range when changing it in advanced settings dialog of Ripper mode.
 Fix: A problem that 3d.mp4.passthrough profile should not be shown in Ripper mode.
 Fix: A problem that wrong profile name of iPad.h264.multichannel and wmv.wma9.3D in Ripper mode.
 Fix: A problem that missing audio copy profiles in Video Converter.
 Fix: A problem that cannot rip Blu-ray 3D disc to 3d.avi.h264.audiocopy in 2-pass mode.
 Fix: A freeze problem when ripping Blu-ray 3D disc to 3d.mkv.h264.aac file in 2-pass mode.
 Fix: A problem that cannot render external subtitle in the left picture of 3D SBS movie in Blu-ray 3D Ripper mode.
 Fix: A problem that cannot save resolution when editing profile in Ripper mode.
 Fix: A 500 problem when ripping to NOKIA Lumia device in Blu-ray Ripper mode.
 Fix: A freeze problem when ripping to mkv.h264.ac3 with PAL source in DVD ripper.
 Fix: A 504 problem when ripping to mp4.h264.aac with mono channel in Blu-ray Ripper.
 Fix: A problem that cannot delete customized profile in Ripper mode.
 Fix: A problem that should not convert AC3 True-HD to AC3 with m2ts.audiocopy profile.
 Fix: An external subtitle problem when ripping Blu-ray title which contains multiple m2ts files.
 Fix: A freeze problem when creating Blu-ray in certain cases.
 Fix: A crackle problem when creating m2ts.passthrough.h264.dts.hd.7.1 to DVD9.
 Fix: An A/V sync problem when creating m2ts.passthrough.h264.dts.hd.7.1 to DVD5.
 Fix: A problem that cannot create a menu for Blu-ray in command-line mode.
 Fix: A problem that only first source is created to Blu-ray in Blu-ray creator.
 Fix: A problem that the created Blu-ray cannot be played on PowerDVD and TMT5 in Blu-ray creator.
 Fix: An A/V sync problem when converting m4v/mp4/m2ts files to DVD9 in certain cases.
 Fix: A 504 problem when converting mkv files to Blu-ray with CUDA encoder in Blu-ray Creator.
 Fix: A wrong default audio channel problem in Video Converter.
 Fix: A crash problem when selecting "Customized size" on Video Effect dialog in Video Converter.
 Fix: A problem that should not set Mono channel for all profiles in Video Converter.
 Fix: A problem that cannot back to menu after played the last title of created Blu-ray.
 Fix: A freeze problem when using command-line in DVD Creator which was introduced in DVDFab9022.
 Fix: A problem of command-line for ripper and converter which was introduced in DVDFab9022.
 
OS: Windows 8 / Windows 7 / Vista / XP (32-bit / 64-bit)
 
Languages : Multilanguage
 
Homepaage :  
http://www.dvdfab.com/