Temptation Series (1-2) by K.M. Golland in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Temptation (Temptation #1) by K.M. Golland (December 12th 2012) 

**Mature Content** 
Recommended for ages 17+ due to sexual situations and language.

Sometimes being happily married and completely content is not at all what it seems.

That is what 35 year old, happily married mother of two, Alexis Summers finds out when she decides it is time to return to work. After being a stay-at-home Mum for the past nine years, Alexis now realises a complete career change is just what she needs.

She becomes a Concierge Attendant in a prestigious hotel in Melbourne working for the owner of the hotel, Bryce Clark. He resides in the penthouse, is extremely hot, and is a man who always gets what he wants and what he wants is Alexis. She does a relatively good job resisting Bryce at first, but the undeniable chemistry, sexual tension and playfulness between the two of them is intense. He has copious amounts of money, sex appeal and above all else, is a genuinely nice guy. Bryce has been waiting for his one true love to come along, and he is positive that one true love is Alexis.

There is one problem, she is happily married to Rick, and no matter how strong her feelings are for Bryce, she is adamant she will not cheat. She draws a line in the sand but finds it increasingly hard not to cross. Will she succumb to Temptation?

Book 2: Satisfaction (Temptation #2) by K.M. Golland (March 8th 2013)

This book is for mature audiences, 18+ It contains explicit language and sexual content.

Life hands out challenges that we all unwillingly accept. We have no choice in the acceptance really because that is essentially what life is; a series of unavoidable challenges thrown our way for us to overcome. 

Alexis Summers is no stranger to facing challenges, as she has had her fair share of them since meeting and subsequently falling in love with Bryce. He was her new employer who had dominantly pursued her while she was happily married. But, it wasn't until her husband Rick, had confessed to previously having an affair, that Alexis finally allowed herself to give in to the temptation, that was Bryce Edward Clark. 

In SatisfactionΓÇöAlexis and Bryce spend the most amazing week together, and discover the connection and love they share with one another, goes far deeper than anything they have ever experienced. What Alexis doesn't know, is the truth behind her husbandΓÇÖs confession, and the underhanded deal Bryce made with him behind her back. AlexisΓÇÖ world will come crashing down around her when she discovers their secret, and she will once again find herself faced with having to overcome more of lifeΓÇÖs challenges.


Seed and Enjoy!