#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-08-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Donna Stellhorn, Open Lines

In the first half of the program, George Noory welcomed author and astrologer Donna Stellhorn, who offered Chinese horoscope predictions for 2013 ΓÇô the Year of the Snake. In addition to the 12 animals of the Chinese Zodiac, each year is also represented by one of four elements. This year the element is water, which when combined with the snake's fiery energy yields conflict, Stellhorn explained. In the past snake years have had a lot of disasters, she revealed, citing the World Trade Center attack in 2001, the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, the U.S. entering World War II in 1941, and the stock market crash of 1929. According to Stellhorn, the principle of Chinese Astrology is to identify what one can expect in a given year and then alter the environment using the principles of Feng Shui to increase luck. Simply by moving objects around, the subconscious reacts and we can see things differently and avoid danger, she said.

Stellhorn foresees a challenging time ahead for boars, cautioning against speculation this year and urging boars to protect their homes with an 8-sided mirror placed by the front door. Rats can attract opportunities by getting a new 'welcome' mat and oxen should hang an ocean picture to bring in better relationships and business contacts, she advised. Tigers can find dependable relationships by putting something that represents love in the bedroom and rabbits can bring in opportunity be hanging wind chimes outside, Stellhorn continued. The dragon's year is ending, so Stellhorn prescribed creating a restful and healing environment with plants. This is the year for snakes to try new things and they should hang an eclipse symbol for luck, she suggested. Stellhorn explained that horses will need to get rid of clutter and use fountains to create flow, and rams will want to attract healthy love relationships by adding the color red to the bedroom. She recommended monkeys stay grounded in this cautious snake year by wearing a gemstone called Citrine, dogs protect themselves with foo dog statues outside the home, while roosters should get out and travel in what will be a very lucky year for them.

-------------------------------------------------

The remainder of the show featured Open Lines. Frank from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, shared a ghost story from his truck driving days. According to Frank, he was driving along I-40 in New Mexico sometime in 2007 when he saw a man wearing a hat and seersucker suit riding a nineteenth century high wheel bicycle. "When I blinked my eyes he was on the left-hand side of me. When I blinked my eyes again he was right in front of my truck. When I blinked my eyes a third time he was about 70 feet ahead of me," he remembered. Frank said he shared his sighting with a truck stop waitress who told him that others have reported seeing the same figure. Ron in Reno, Nevada, recounted the difficulty he experienced trying to opt out of having a smart meter on his house. Smart meters have come under fire for privacy concerns as they record consumption of electricity and communicate that information to the utility company. Ron said he was required to pay a one-time fee and then an additional fee every month for having the invasive smart meter removed. George from Toledo, Ohio, described the time he witnessed what appeared to be Labrador with the build of a buffalo running through a park. He speculated that the mysterious creature may have been at least partially mechanical as it moved like it was on railroad tracks.

News segment guests: Mitch Battros / Dr. Robin Falkov
Website(s):

    2013chineseastrology.com

