This fills a request by LyokoMx from several days ago.

Although it took a lot of patience, a torrent from a few years back for Sentinel was seeded. For this one I've also added Juston and his Sentinel's appearances from Avengers Academy. (I refuse to acknowledge Avengers Arena, lol.) All credit goes to the original scanners. Please seed and share with our friends on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

About Marvel Tsunami, from Wikipedia:

Tsunami was an imprint of Marvel Comics founded in January 2003.

Marvel's goal was to create comic books that would appeal to manga readers. Other than the art style, the titles shared little in common. For example, Runaways and Sentinel were aimed at children and younger teenagers while Mystique touched on espionage and darker themes better suited for an older audience.

The results were a mixed bag. While New Mutants, Mystique, Runaways and Sentinel earned critical acclaim and a devoted fan following, Human Torch, Namor and Venom were complete flops, with the last surviving to issue 18 only on the back of exceptionally high initial sales.

The imprint was discontinued in late 2003. Mystique was the longest running title - lasting until issue 24 overall, while New Mutants was relaunched with a new issue 1 as New X-Men: Academy X. Venom and Runaways carried the imprint branding for the longest period, lasting until issue 18, after which Runaways was briefly cancelled before being relaunched, and Venom was canceled outright. The other series were canceled after twelve issues.

Runaways received a boost from high Digest sales, and Sentinel was also revived, as a five-issue miniseries, for the same reason.

Tsunami Titles: Human Torch, Mystique, Namor, New Mutants (vol. 2), Runaways, Sentinel, Venom, Inhumans, Emma Frost

------

About Sentinel, from Amazon:

This series is sort of like "Iron Giant," updated for the post-Columbine era. In it, a high school outcast named Juston Seyfert finds a damaged Sentinel robot, and secretly repairs it in his father's junkyard workshop. Juston (and his friends) are pop-culture geeks and the perpetual bullying target of the school's sadistic lettermen jocks. One of Juston's friends harbors violent Columbine-like fantasies about killing their tormentors, and at the end of the first storyline, Juston comes close to fulfilling those fantasies when he unleashes the Sentinel on the schoolyard so that he can give the jocks a scare, and later realizes how his actions could have horrible unintended consequences.

In "No Hero", Juston tries to make amends by playing hero with the robot, and inevitably attracts government attention. This story rounds out Sentinel's "Iron Giant"-like arc, with a couple of surprising twists towards the end. At the close of the first volume, Juston sets out on a new journey, setting the stage for the follow-up miniseries.
