Publisher: Fairchild Pubns [October 1, 2008]560 pages

Professional Sewing Techniques for Designers is a modern, colorful, and up-to-date sewing guide that teaches fashion design students the construction skills they'll need to execute their original designs in a professional environment. Each chapter covers a particular theme such as seams, collars, and zippers and reflects the order of assembly of any garment, offering many insights into techniques appropriate to varying levels of proficiency. Based on their belief that it is impossible to have good designs without having accurate patternmaking and quality construction skills, Cole and Czachor hope to increase student's sewing skills, inspire their confidence, and stimulate their creative experimentation from the beginning stages through their development as successful designers. 

About the Author
Julie Cole, FGI, is an instructor in the Fashion Design Department at Harper College of Design in Chicago . She worked as a fashion designer in Sydney and Melbourne, creating collections for several different companies during her career of over 30 years in the industry. Cole is an experienced designer having designed collections for several different target markets including children s, teenagers, women s day, evening wear and bridal. Her specialty is the design process from concept to the production. She is a member of the Fashion Group International (FGI) and Chicago Fashion Council

Sharon Czachor is an Adjunct Instructor in the Fashion Design Department at Harper College of Design. She is an award winning designer of women's tailored garments with over 40 years of sewing, study and passion for design. She has developed numerous classes during her 13 years of teaching including the curriculum of sewing techniques used in the fashion department. A member of the American Sewing Guild (ASG), the Haute Couture Group of Chicago, the Chicago Fashion Foundation, her focus is on the use of excellent garment construction to achieve excellent design. 