Hannibal S01E12 XviD [JKS]

.
Video
XviD
Length: 00:42:29
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 404
Data rate: 579kbps
Total bitrate: 707kbps
Frame rate: 29 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 128kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
---------
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
---------
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
---------
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 12
Title: Relevés  Directed by: Michael Rymer  Written by: [/u]    Original air date: [u]June 13, 2013
...
Following an offhand comment by Graham, Hannibal leaves a comb in the chamber of Georgia Madchen, who accidentaly sparks a fire, burning her to death. Angered, Graham posites that several recent murders were all the work of a copycat patterning after recent serial murders, and that Georgia was killed because she may have remembered the face of whoever had killed Dr. Sutcliffe. Crawford, bothered by Graham's behavior and by Hannibal's apparent concealment of Graham's hallucinations, discovers the pattern that shows Abigail was present during Garrett's victim selection processes. Crawford confronts Hannibal's therapist, and she later tells Hannibal that she didn't reveal deatils about her attack by a previous therapist patient. After releasing himself from the hospital, Graham takes Abigail Hobbs back to Minnesota, to the hunting lodge. During a hallucination he deduces, correctly, that Abigail was an active participant in her father's murders. Fleeing from Graham, Hannibal comforts Abigail and admits to having killed more people than her father. The episode ends with the implication that Hannibal is going to murder Abigail and have Graham blamed with the murder.