The Book of GIMP A Complete Guide to Nearly Everything

Book Details: 676 pages w/Full-color Illustrations | Publisher: No Starch Press (December 2012) |ISBN-10: 1593273835 ISBN-13: 978-1593273835 | Format: PDF

Book Description: GIMP is a free alternative to Adobe Photoshop with tons of professional-grade features. But with so many powerful tools and menu options, GIMP can be difficult to master. Whether you are struggling to get started or trying to master some of GIMPs more complex features, you will find the answers you are looking for in The Book of GIMP. The tutorials in the first half of the book walk you through essential GIMP skills, like resizing and cropping images, touching up spots and scratches, and customizing your work area. Illustrated, step-by-step instructions show you how to: Improve the lighting and composition of images Remove distortions and noise to make old and damaged photos look like new Create stunning panoramas and digital collages using a series of photos Make, edit, and export custom textures, logos, and animated GIFs Work with selection s, channels, and masks to edit images like a pro Create colorful digital art, layer by layer The books second half offers a comprehensive reference to GIMPs many features, including color balancing, masks, filters, and plugins. You will find tools described in unparalleled detail, with coverage of nearly every option and parameter. With illustrated tutorials and detailed references, The Book of GIMP is sure to become your one-stop guide to just about everything GIMP. 

Table of Contents Part I: Learning GIMP Chapter 1. Getting Started Chapter 2. Photograph Retouching Chapter 3. Drawing and Illustration Chapter 4. Logos and Textures Chapter 5. Composite Photography Chapter 6. Animation Chapter 7. Image Preprocessing Chapter 8. Designing a Website Part II: GIMP Reference Manual Chapter 9. The GIMP Interface Chapter 10. Display Chapter 11. Layers Chapter 12. Color Chapter 13. Selections Chapter 14. Masks Chapter 15. Drawing Tools Chapter 16. Transformation Tools Chapter 17. Filters Chapter 18. Animation Tools Chapter 19. Obtaining and Printing Images Chapter 20. Image Formats Chapter 21. Scripts and Plug-ins Chapter 22. Customizing GIMP Part III: Appendices Appendix A. Vision and Image Representation Appendix B. Tips and Hints for Selected Exercises Appendix C. Resources Appendix D. Frequently Asked Questions Appendix E. Installing GIMP Appendix F. Batch Processing 
