Miss Tess - 2009 - Darling, Oh Darling

Equipped with her 1920s Weymann guitar, a satchel full of new songs and joined by a stellar band that includes upright bass, saxophone & clarinet, and drums, Miss Tess is ready to make sweet music for your ears with her fifth release Darling, Oh Darling. The Boston-based singer-songwriter is best known for her ability to invoke the sounds of Classic Jazz and Roots Americana circa the 1930s-50s with a distinctive spunk and imagination that shows that she is much more than a tribute act. She springs a new life into some of the best styles of yesteryear with the dozen original compositions on her latest record.
The hallmark of Miss Tess’ music is her breathy and unpretentious alto voice. From the first sultry note of Darling, Oh Darling she evokes memories of greats such as SARAH VAUGHAN or BESSIE SMITH. The sincerity of her vocals and lyrics are immediately personal and inviting. The approachable nature of her sound makes the record feel as if it is being performed just for you and a group of close friends.
Miss Tess’ adaptability as a musician and a writer is also striking. On the record she tackles genres ranging from the classic swing of “That oo oo oo” and “I Just Want to Make Love Again,” to slow county-tinged ballads like “Darling, Oh Darling” and “Awake,” or even rockabilly as in “I Don’t Wanna See You Anymore.” Throughout the album her band performs the retro styles with spotless nuance and subtlety, capturing the true spirit of the music much as it must have been performed in its own era.
Many people have already taken notice to Miss Tess’ modern vintage flair. The Boston Globe selected her as the 2008 Local On The Verge artist and she was awarded Outstanding Folk Artist of the Year at The Boston Music Awards. She spends much of her time on the road as Miss Tess & The Bon Ton Parade with current members Alec Spiegelman on sax & clarinet, Ben Davis on upright bass, and Matt Meyer on drums - bringing her songs to locations all around the country and performing at venues large and small. (cdbaby)

Track list:
01 - Riding Home
02 - That Oo Oo Oo
03 - Darling, Oh Darling
04 - Thinking Of Shore
05 - Saving All My Love
06 - Train Ride To Caroline
07 - I Just Wanna Make Love Again
08 - Time Can Take The Pain Away
09 - Oh No
10 - Love
11 - Awake
12 - I Don't Wanna See You Anymore
13 - Darling, Oh Darling (Unedited)

Split with Medieval.
Enjoy and share! 