Privacy Protector

Privacy Protector is an advanced security application designed to help you completely eliminate sensitive data from your computer and protect your computer and Internet privacy. Privacy Protector can remove sensitive information the Windows operating system has stored on your computer without your knowledge or approval.

What's Privacy Protector?

Your computer is spying on you now! It stores all the evidence into your hard disk. Anyone using your computer can see where you have been on Internet, what images and movies you have seen, and even anything you have done on your computer could be seen by others. The Windows built-in functions will not protect you, most of the tracks can not be erased with them.

Privacy Protector is designed to protect you by cleaning up all the unwanted history data on your computer. With simply one click, Privacy Protector allows you to erase the cache, cookies, history, typed URLs, autocomplete memory, and Window's temp folder, run history, search history, open/save history, recent documents, etc. 

With Privacy Protector, you can easily erase the tracks of up to 200 popular applications, such as playlist of Realplayer, playlist of Windows Media player, QuickTime, recent files of Office, Acrobat, Winzip, Photoshop, etc.

Privacy Protector can also let you customize what file(s) and folder(s) to be erased. With Privacy Protector's Secure Erasing feature, you can erase the files completely , which can not be recovered by others.

Privacy Protector also support popular browsers such as Netscape/Mozilla Firefox, Opera, MSN Explorer, Maxthon Browser, Google Chrome and Apple Safari. Privacy Protector implements the US Department of Defense 5220.22-M and NSA clearing and sanitizing standard, to gives you confidence that once deleted with Privacy Protector, your file data is gone forever and can not be recovered. Privacy Protector comes with an attractive interface and is easy to use.

Please read the following information carefully before using this software. It contains details of the product. We hope you enjoy all the features we've made in Privacy Protector.

Main Features:

Erases Internet location bar history list. 
Erases selected Internet cookies. 
Delete Internet cache - Temporary Internet files. 
Erases Internet history files and lists. 
Erases Internet autocomplete history list. 
Erases unused Internet plug-ins. 
Cleans Internet index.dat file. 
Erases all traces of your Internet activity! 
Erases recent documents opened list. 
Protects your homepage from being overwritten! 
Erases start menu search history list. 
Erases start menu run history list. 
Erases Windows temporary files. 
Erases open/save dialog box history list. 
Erases desktop recycle bin. 
Erases MediaPlayer playlist. 
Erases Microsoft Office recent documents list. 
Erases Real Player recent playlist 
Erases Quicktime played list. 
Erases WinZip recent files opened list. 
Erases Acrobat recent files opened list. 
Frees up valuable hard-drive space. Search some unused files and erase them. 
Erases all listings of played video, mpeg, & avi files! 
New panic feature to close all open browsers! 
Offers you peace of mind when you surf. 
Protects your computer privacy. 

System Required:

Windows 2000, NT, ME, XP, 2003, Vista, 7, 8.

Homepage: [url]http://www.zj-fountain.com/product/1/privacy+protector[/url]

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.