Trouble with the Curve (2012) [BDRip 1080p][DUAL]
 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Trouble-with-the-Curve-Blu-ray/58392/ 
http://www.golpedeefecto-es.com/

Format: Matroska
Size: 10.9 GB
Video Codec: AVC
Resolution: 1920 x 800
Format profile: High@L4.1 Marcos 5
Frame Rate: 23.976 fps
Audio 1: Spanish AC3 640 kbps 6 channels
Audio 2: English DTSHD 1561 kbps 6 channels
Subtitles: Spanish, Spanish forced, English

Original title: Trouble with the Curve
Country: USA
USA release: 21/09/2012
Released in Spain: 23/11/2012
Released on DVD (rental): 27/03/2013
Blu-ray release: 16/04/2013
Producer: Malpaso Productions, Warner Bros. Pictures
Director: Robert Lorenz
Writer: Randy Brown
Cast: Clint Eastwood, Amy Adams, Justin Timberlake, John Goodman, Matthew Lillard, Robert Patrick, Scott Eastwood, Ed Lauter, Chelcie Ross, Matt Bush, Darren Le Gallo, Rus Blackwell, Eric Mendenhall, Clayton Landey Ricky Muse

Synopsis:
In 'bombshell' (Trouble with the Curve) we meet Gus Lobel (Clint Eastwood), who has been one of the best baseball scouts the world for decades, but despite his efforts to hide it, age begins to toll. Gus, you can tell how a pitch only by the sound of the bat, refuses to stay on the bench in what could be the last work of his career. But it may not have a choice. The directors of the Atlanta Braves begin to question their views, especially with the latest phenomenon in the country, a hitter who waits for him called. The only person who could help is also the only person that Gus would never ask for help: her daughter, Mickey (Amy Adams), an employee of a major law firm in Atlanta, whose enthusiasm and ambition have made him up to become a member . Mickey never had much contact with his father, he was not prepared to be a single parent after the death of his wife. Even now, in the few moments they spend together, he is easily distracted by what Mickey is assumed that his first love: the game. Despite his good judgment and the objections of Gus, Mickey accompanies her father on his last trip to North Carolina, jeopardizing his career to save his father. Forced to spend time together for the first time in years, the two discover new things from the other, revealing long stories about his past and present that could change your future.