Despite the fact that the Moldovan football team lost the match 1-0 to the Netherlands. Moldovan soldiers on the versions of MMA and K-1 have done all Moldovans gift and beat the Europeans with a sensational score of 9:1. Before the fights themselves held a press conference where the participants in addition to fighters from Moldova and Europe attended by special guests, the organizers, the fighters and coaches. Also held a seminar for judges and referees. All the men were set up just to win, and each of them was sure that it was he who wins, but the winners should have been only 10 of the 20 participants. During the press conference, reporters learned that Alexander Emelianenko very much in Moldova, and it is sure to come to us again, perhaps even hold a master class, the question of how he evaluates the preparation for the championship «BUSHIDO FC» Alexander said.

- It's very organized and smoothly, hospitality you will not occupy, Chisinau is a beautiful green city in which they live lovely people, I also visited the local club «THAY BOXING CLUB», to be honest, even in St. Petersburg and Moscow, there is no technical basis for employment as at you. I struck it in the first place, but very happy.

Also, all participants of the press conference heard what happened two replacements for Fight cardio. The first change, rather than a rival Basil Cojocaru, who played fighter from Ukraine George Nikiforets, acts MMA fighter Kapmar Dmitry. The second change, instead of Taxco Rodrigo, a fighter from Hungary who had to fight with Alexander Surkov serves another Hungarian Laszlo Kovacs fighter. At the end of the press conference, all the participants were men in the room where they could relax and begin the preparatory warm-up for the championship. Tickets for the event were sold out and I wish to see the championship could not get into the hall. Many had to leave home. 18:30 hall was full, 1000 martial arts fans waited eagerly to the championship. At the beginning of a parade of athletes participants in the championship «BUSHIDO FC» where everyone under the flag of their country. The first demonstration performance at the guys came to represent the Federation Taekwondo GTF. Performance ended with ovations and applause, the audience loved it. The first fight under the rules of MMA fighters come to the ring Nimerenco Alexander (Moldova) vs. Adrian Valeana (Romania), both fighters are dynamic and fast, but on the 4th minute, Alexander can not apply the submission move where the outcome is a victory! Hall delighted. The second fight is on K-1 rules. Raylyan Maxim (Moldova) vs. Stanislav Kamneva (Ukraine). Fighters trying to find each other's weaknesses, but both are perfectly hold protection. Lots of beautiful strokes they strike each other for 3 ex-rounds, the end of the third round, winning on points Raylyan Maxim (Moldova). The third fight under the rules of MMA. Kapmar Dmitry (Moldova) vs. Victor Kiyko (Poland). Very bright duel. The victory on points wins Kapmar Dmitry (Moldova) Fourth fight K-1 rules, the ring Christian Dorel (Moldova) vs. Meshkut Alexis (Belarus). From the first minute it is clear that the Christian Dorel is going to win and what it achieves! Hall delighted again, some soldier standing ovation. The fifth fight MMA rules, Vlad Moraru (Moldova) vs. George Nikiforets (Ukraine), the battle ends at the fifty-second of the first round, the Ukrainian fighter has been knocked out, the winner was Vlad Moraru (Moldova). The sixth match of K-1 Rules. Leonid Tkachuk (Moldova) vs. Marius zloty (Romania). Entertaining bout 92kg weight category, in the second round at 2 minutes 30 seconds won by TKO Leonid Tkachuk (Moldova). Seventh fight MMA rules. Zavtone Ivan (Moldova) against Soltes Laszlo (Hungary). The first round of Zavtone has an advantage, but Hungarians can not apply the submission move. Wins the fighter from Hungary at the second minute, 22 seconds. The eighth fight K-1 rules out naring Alexander Surkov (Moldova) and Laszlo Kovacs (Hungary). The first match, we all get the feeling that Alexander is playing with the enemy. Many beautiful and precision. Second round 2 min 58 sec, second Hungarian throws the towel, stopped the fight via TKO wins Alexander Surkov. The ninth pair of fighters, MMA rules, go to the ring Paul Pokatilov (Moldova) and Yevgeny Lapin (Belarus). From the first minute it's clear that the fighter from Belarus and Pokatilova perfectly prepared to have to work hard to win. But the 4th minute Pasha manages to capture the hand, pain reception and defeats Paul Pokatilov. Thus, the final tenth bout, Constantine Tsutsui (Moldova) vs. Tadas Yonkusa (Lithuania). Rematch who wins. All in anticipation. None of the soldiers did not want to give all three rounds are held in the same breath the soldiers show a beautiful bright strokes. Still, Constantine wins! These, he argues that it is stronger in a rematch. A total of 9:1 in favor of Moldova, the next time our soldiers will have to wait more than worthy opponents!

At the end of the Championship, we decided to ask the guests of honor to their opinions.