Inversion Repack R.G. Revenants 


Year: June 5, 2012 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer: Saber Interactive 
Publishers: Namco Bandai Games Inc. 
Publication Type: RePack 
Language: English / Russian 
Sound language: English / Russian 
Crack: enclosing (SKIDROW)


Operating system: Windows ┬« XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7 
Processor: Intel Core2 Duo / AMD Athlon 64 X2 processor with a clock frequency of 2 GHz or higher 
RAM: 2 GB 
Video Card: ATI Radeon 2900 XT / NVIDIA GeForce 8800 with 512 MB ??VRAM 
Sound device: compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c 
Hard disk space: 6 GB


Inversion events unfold in the future. At the Earth entered a mysterious and powerful enemy, to which humans and modern weapons were helpless. Soon, all over the planet formed anomalous areas where changes vector attraction or even reigns weightlessness. Cop Davis Russel and his partner Leo Delgado sent a deadly journey to plunge into the chaos of the metropolis to find the missing daughter of Russell. Oppose the invaders desperate heroes can only ingenuity and wit ... But, fortunately, they happened to the main weapon of the enemy - Gravlink, a device for controlling gravity.

GAME FEATURES

With its head. Learn how to fight and maneuver in spite of all the frills of attraction, recently volatile and unpredictable. And do not get lost, when suddenly it disappears altogether! 
Twist-turn my. Gravlink - weapons that is necessary. It can destroy everything around and manipulate any object, including adversaries, lift into the air and falls to the ground, fish out of hiding and throw right and left on the sides - would be a fantasy, but skill will come. 
Who is not hidden? Gravlink not just save the lives of heroes, when there is nowhere to hide, you can grasp why more and stronger - but at least the car! - And take cover from enemy fire. 
Arrange Destry! Total destruction in Inversion module meets Destruction famous physics engine Havok, so blow up, break up, you can break everything, whatever you want - as needed or for pleasure. 
His solo and duet. Conquer the force of gravity in the campaign story on their own or together with a friend - in the network or in split screen mode. 
Riots. Manipulate the power of gravity in online battles with up to 16 fighters.

REPACK FEATURES

Do not cut / no recoded 
Version 1.0 (5.48.0.0) 
Sewn Update 1 
Installation time ~ 8 minutes 
RePack by RG Revenants