
Private Specials 27: Fuck My Big Boobs


Her big titties are the perfect spot for a hard dick! Starring Jessica Moore, Liza Del Sierra, Black Angelika and Aletta Ocean. Directed by Kovi.


    Scene 1. Liza Del Sierra, Mugur
    Scene 2. Terry Nova, Lauro Giotto
    Scene 3. Aletta Ocean, Leslie Taylor
    Scene 4. Black Angelika, James Brossman
    Scene 5. Jessica Moore, Csoky


Length 2 hrs. 0 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Oct 26 2009
Production Year 2009
Studio  Private

Actresses:
    Aletta Ocean [Bald]
    Black Angelika [Anal Bald A2M]
    Jessica Moore [Anal Bald]
    Liza Del Sierra [Anal Bald Creampie]
    Terry Nova (as Terry) [Anal]

Actors:
    Csoky (as Choky Ice)
    James Brossman
    Lauro Giotto
    Leslie Taylor
    Mugur


Title: Fuck My Big Boobs
Studio: Private
Director: Kovi
Starring: Jessica Moore, Terry, Liza Del Sierra, Black Angelika, Aletta Ocean, Mugar, Lauro Giotto, James Brossman, Choky Ice, Brian Pumper

Five scenes plus a bonus in typical Private fashion, straightforward sex with very hot Euro models and studs. I usually can't go wrong when I pick Private and this one follows their formula that makes me and my "needs" happy.

Scene one: Lisa Del Sierra is sitting on a black sofa. She has black hair, long artificial nails. She is wearing a drab brown outfit, black stockings. Her tits are about as best as I've seen. Her boyfriend Mugar arrives and through their broken English we find out he has a gift for her, a clear dildo with some spiral springs seen inside. It gets put to good use. Action includes tit fuck, mish, rcg and anal spoon. Nice dildo up Lisa's butt as she is in doggie, then the real thing takes its place. He creams on her butt.

Scene two: Terry is wearing a red top/black stockings. She is using a computer and Lauro Giotti is showing her how. He compliments her on her tits and soon is kneading them. On a desk they do it in spoon, tit fuck, and nice anal mish including Lauro spitting in her hole to lube it up. Anal rcg on a tile floor with good thrusting! Later she kneels and gives him head before he fucks her tits and explodes on them.

Scene three: Aletta Ocean is having a picnic on the lawn with Leslie Taylor. He is more interested in her tits and soon she is out of her short short jeans. Her grapefruit looking boobs are moistened as he spills water on them from a water bottle. Later on a lounge chair they make love including some nice fingering and tit cumshot. Aletta has several piercings including tongue, belly button, and above her pussy.

Scene four: Black Angelika is poolside in her string bikini and lures gardener James Brossman over to put suntan oil on her. I can't imagine this ever happening, but it's a porn cliche come true again and great to watch. He oils her up and takes her black and white bikini bottom to the side for some licking and fingering before fucking her in positions including anal mish and anal rcg before exploding on her tits.

Scene five: Jessica Moore is a nice looking blonde. Choky Ice (gotta love that name.....) and her do it on a black sofa. Strange ambient noise in this scene with dog barking and a/c running (?). Anyhow, positions include anal rcg and anal dog with a purple dildo coming into play as well. Belly button piercing as well as tat above her pussy noticed. Nice, Jessica! 