SystemTools Hyena

sing the built-in Windows administration tools to manage a medium to large Windows 200x network or Active Directory environment can be a challenge. Add multiple domains, hundreds or thousands of servers, workstations, and users, and before you know it, things can get out of hand. Hyena is designed to both simplify and centralize nearly all of the day-to-day management tasks, while providing new capabilities for system administration. This functionality is provided in a single, centralized, easy to use product. Used today by tens of thousands of system administrators worldwide, Hyena is the one tool that every administrator cannot afford to be without.

Hyena uses an Explorer-style interface for all operations, including right mouse click pop-up context menus for all objects. Management of users, groups (both local and global), shares, domains, computers, services, devices, events, files, printers and print jobs, sessions, open files, disk space, user rights, messaging, exporting, job scheduling, processes, and printing are all supported. For an example of a typical enterprise-wide view in Hyena.

In addition to supporting standard Windows system management functions, Hyena also includes extensive Active Directory support and management tools. In fact, Hyena can be used on any Windows client to manage any Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP/Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 or Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 installation.

Hyena also includes full exporting capabilities and both Microsoft Access and Excel reporting and exporting options. All of these features are part of the Standard Edition of Hyena. The Enterprise Edition adds support for:

Terminal Server user properties and session administration.
Exchange 2000/2003/2007*/2010 Server mailbox integration and properties management.
WMI integration.

*Exchange 2007: mailbox properties management only.

Hyena's cost effective licensing policy is based on the number of administrators actually using the product, regardless of the number of end-users or servers.

Supported OS: 

Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP/Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 or Windows Server 2003/2008/2012

Homepage: http://www.systemtools.com/hyena/index.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.