Infix PDF Editor

Fast, flexible, flawless PDF editing
Infix PDF editor lets you open, edit and save PDF files. It’s easy and quick – you can change text, fonts, images and more. And, unlike other PDF editors, it works like normal word processing software, so it’s really easy to use.
Sort out typos: correct mistakes in PDF files quickly.
Reuse your PDFs: edit any PDF, without the source file
Use less paper: fill in forms without printing
It doesn't matter whether you change a single word, a paragraph, or an entire page. Infix is the only PDF editor that covers your back, reflowing and reformatting text to keep it looking good. Once you’ve saved a file, you can’t even tell it’s been edited.

Key features:

Works like a word processor: no tricky tools to figure out
Edit practically anything: text, font sizes, images and more
Keeps text tidy: reflows paragraphs and columns automatically
Copy graphics and text between PDF files
Search and replace: in one file or across several at once
Create PDFs too – from any document: it’s as easy as printing or scanning
If we listed all the features here, you’d be looking at one of the longest web pages you’ve ever seen. Besides, the important things isn’t the length of the features list. It’s being able to do what you need.

Who can use Infix?

As long as you can use Microsoft Word, you’ll be able to get to grips with Infix. Here are some typical uses:
Updating leaflets and brochures with new prices or product details
Deleting out-of-date pages from catalogues
Editing a document when you only have the PDF, not the original file
Fixing typos in print-ready files without having to output them again
But that’s just the start. If you need to edit a PDF, Infix is the best way to do it.

System Requirements:

PC: Windows 2003, XP, Vista,
Windows 7 or Windows 8 (including 64-bit versions), 512MB RAM, 1GB for Windows Vista/7/8. 1GHz x86 CPU, 60MB free disk space.
Infix is compatible with Citrix desktop virtualisation. 

Homepage: http://www.iceni.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.