Language: English 
Duration: 8 hours 
Video: AVC 1280x720 25 fps 
Audio: AAC 64 Kbps 44.1 KHz 
Size: 3.15 GB
Project Files: Included
URL: http://www.infiniteskills.com/training/learning-3d-modeling-in-photoshop.html

In this 3D Modeling in Photoshop training course expert trainer Jeff Sengstack will show you how to use the 3D tools in Adobe Photoshop to create and render high-quality 3D models and animations. Photoshop is not just for editing photos any longer, the 3D tools that you have at your fingertips will allow you to quickly and easily create 3D models, and this video tutorial will show you how!

Jeff starts your Photoshop 3D training by showing you how to setup your workspace, and walking you through the camera and view controls, which are essential for building models. In this computer based training course, Jeff covers almost all of the 3D tools that are available to you in Photoshop, such as; creating 3D meshes using presets, using tools suck as deform, taper, inflate and shear to extrude objects. He also explains how to work with 3D text and setting and changing environments and scenes. You will learn how to add textures, adjust colours and shine, and how use lighting with your models. You will combine Photoshop Video functions with 3D functions to create animation, learn where to get third party models, and how to use them, and finally, you will learn how to render and export your projects.

By the completion of this video training course for 3D modeling in Adobe Photoshop, you will be fully capable of creating amazing models using the tools that Adobe provides to you in Photoshop. You can create, animate, render and share your models with friends, family and the world! Working files are included, allowing you to follow along with the author throughout the lessons.

Contents :
01. Introducing 3D In Photoshop
02. Working With The Camera And Move Tools
03. Using The Create New 3D Object Panel
04. Working With 3D Text
05. Adding And Editing Materials: Textures And Maps
06. Setting And Changing Environment And Scene Properties
07. Using Lights
08. Merging Multiple 3D Layers
09. Using Third-Party 3D Models
10. Animating 3D Objects Using Photoshop Video Features
11. Rendering And Exporting Layers And Projects
12. Acknowledgements, Bio, Resources, And Goodbye
