Blue Oyster Cult - Cultosaurus Erectus [1980][2012]





1. Black Blade  
2. Monsters  
3. Divine Wind  
4. Deadline  
5. The Marshall Plan  
6. Hungry Boys  
7. Fallen Angel  
8. Lips In The Hills  
9. Unknown Tongue  





320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



Blue Öyster Cult (often abbreviated BÖC) is an American rock band from Long Island, New York, United States, best known for such hard rock and heavy metal songs as "(Don't Fear) The Reaper", "Godzilla" and "Burnin' for You", . Since the release of their self-titled debut album in 1972, the band has sold over 24 million albums worldwide, including 7 million in the United States alone.[citation needed] The band's music videos, especially "Burnin' for You", received heavy rotation on MTV when the music television network premiered in 1981, cementing the band's contribution to the development and success of the music video in modern pop culture. Today, BÖC's music continues to be played on AOR-friendly radio stations as well as in movies, television shows, and commercials, and even during sporting events.

Blue Öyster Cult's current lineup includes long-time members Donald "Buck Dharma" Roeser (lead guitar, vocals) and Eric Bloom (lead vocals, rhythm guitar, keyboard), as well as Jules Radino (drums, percussion), Richie Castellano (keyboard, guitar, vocals), and Kasim Sulton (bass guitar).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cultösaurus Erectus is the seventh studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1980. Following the experiment with a more polished sound in the album Mirrors of 1979, this recording was an attempt to return to the band's earlier hard-rock sound. The first track "Black Blade" features lyrics by fantasy and sci-fi writer Michael Moorcock and is about Stormbringer, a black sword wielded by Elric of Melniboné, the most famous character in Moorcock's mythology.

This album also features the first collaboration with British producer Martin Birch (Deep Purple, Fleetwood Mac, Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden), who would go on to produce the successful following album Fire of Unknown Origin in 1981. The riff to Deep Purple's "Smoke on the Water", a song that Birch helped record, is referenced in "The Marshall Plan".

While the album sold more than its predecessor, it stalled at Gold status. However, during this time Blue Öyster Cult were arguably at their peak as a live act, filling halls and arenas with ease. The tour promoting Cultösaurus Erectus found them co-headlining sports arenas in the United States with Black Sabbath as part of the Black and Blue Tour (see Black and Blue).

The album cover features a part of the painting Behemoth's world by the British artist Richard Clifton-Dey.

