My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 13

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Gatecrashers - Real Housewives

Beyond the big hair and perfect makeup, these two Italian beauties are dynamos running their own beauty businesses while maintaining happy home lives.

Angela, 37, runs an eyelash extension salon employing two technicians in her Hughsdale home, while Melina, 31, is the daughter of Melbourne menswear designer Dom Bagnato, and is a personal stylist.

Angela and Melina are very close. “We just bounce off each other with everything,” says Angela.

Adds Melina, “I’m very spontaneous and I need those type of personalities around me. Ange is like that too.”

They describe themselves as people who are “high energy and fun” and who call a spade a spade. “Some would say we’re brutally honest,” laughs Angela.

Angela has been married for four years and has a 2 1⁄2-year-old boy called Patrick. Melina has been married 3 1⁄2 years and has a 16-month- old boy Jordan. “We’ve been friends for 13 years and now our sons are friends. Oh, and we’ve got exactly the same wedding anniversary.

“It was a coincidence because Ange was married in Ireland and I couldn’t make it so didn’t have the date of it in my head and then it was the only date we could get at the venue we wanted for ours.”

Among other things they share is a passion for cooking.

“We send photos to each other on our phones of our food,” says Angela.

“It will be like, ‘I want to eat that next time I come over,’” continues Angela, “Or I will keep leftovers for her, ring her up and say, ‘Are you in the area? Come over and taste this.’”

“Food for us as Italians means family and it’s so joyful and passionate,” says Melina. “There’s no way I’d let my husband pick up takeaway. I get such pleasure out of seeing him eat.”

Angela agrees: “My husband says he can start eating, count to three in his head and as sure as anything I’ll say, ‘What’s it like?

Do you like it?’ And I’m totally unaware I do it most of the time. It drives him absolutely insane.”

Their other shared commitment is to good grooming and – big hair. “We love hairspray!” says Melina. “We love ourselves. We look after ourselves,” she explains. “We’re confident in our marriages and we work hard as mums and we work  hard at our relationships. We’ve got a lot to be proud of  so I believe when you leave the house, the way you look represents how you feel. So if you look like crap, then  you’re not happy in your life.”
But, adds Angela, “We’re genuine. I just happen to be a real person who likes to dress up.”

