"If the Internet had been around 875 years ago, when the Abbey of Stift Heiligenkreuz was founded, you’d probably have heard of these guys by now. Instead, it wasn’t until early 2008 that the folks at Universal saw a YouTube clip of the monks at one of the Pope’s favorite monasteries, and set about making Chant. It’s the most authentic recording you’ll ever hear of Gregorian Chant – the prayer that has been sung in free rhythm by Christian monks for more than a thousand years. It is, quite literally, Music for the Soul." - iTunes

It’s a now well-known story: earlier this year Universal UK placed ads in various religious publications encouraging monks and sacred singers to submit demos for consideration of a major recording contract. Word reached the monks of the Cistercian Abbey Stift Heiligenkreuz in Vienna, who applied via a clip they had posted on YouTube. With their rich and evocative sound The Monks were the easy favorites. It helped that Pope Benedict XVI has declared this to be one of his favorite monasteries. Suddenly these very modern Monks were poised to become an overnight sensation, seized on by widespread international media. 

The monastery, located in the idyllic Vienna woods, was founded in 875 and is the longest, continuously operating Cistercian Abbey in the world. The music on this album is the music of their daily lives, sung without alteration. Full of contemplation and inner quiet, the music provides instant relaxation and stress relief.

Tracklisting:

1. Antiphon "In Paradisum" et Psalmus 121 (122)
2. Responsorium "Subvenite"
3. Responsorium "Libera Me"
4. Stift Heiligenkreuz Bells
5. Missa pro defunctis: Introitus "Requiem aeternam"
6. Missa pro defunctis: Kyrie
7. Missa pro defunctis: Graduale "Requiem aeternam"
8. Missa pro defunctis: Tractus "Absolve Domine"
9. Missa pro defunctis: Offertorium "Domine Iesu Christe"
10. Missa pro defunctis: Sanctus
11. Missa pro defunctis: Post Elevationem: "Pie Iesu Domine"
12. Missa pro defunctis: Agnus Dei
13. Missa pro defunctis: Communio "Lux aeterna"
14. Ad Completorium: Deus in adiutorium
15. Ad Completorium: Hymnus "Te lucis ante terminum"
16. Ad Completorium: Psalmus 4
17. Ad Completorium: Psalmus 90 (91)
18. Ad Completorium: Pslamus 133
19. Ad Completorium: Lectio brevis
20. Ad Completorium: Responsorium breve
21. Ad Completorium: Canticum Simeonis "Nunc dimittis"
22. Ad Completorium: Kyrie
23. Ad Completorium: Oratio conclusive
24. Ad Completorium: Antiphona ad Beatam Mariam Virginem "Salve Regina"
25. Ad Completorium: Benedictio
26. Stift Heiligenkreuz Bells
27. Hymnus "Veni Creator Spiritus"
28. Introitus Dominica Pentecostes "Spiritus Domini"
29. Communio Dominica Pentecostes "Factus est repente"