FORSAKEN Proudly Presents

Artist: VA
Album: True Blood: Music from the HBO Original Series
Label: Elektra
Genre: Soundtrack
Source: CD
Street Date: 2009-05-19
Quality: 886 kbps / 44.1kHz / 2 channels
Encoder: FLAC 1.2.1
Size: 318.16 MB
Time: 47:27 min
Url: http://www.hbo.com/true-blood
1. Jace Everett - Bad Things 2:43
2. CC Adcock & The Lafayette Marquis - Bleed 2 Feed 4:52
3. Lucinda Williams - Lake Charles 5:27
4. Lee Dorsey - Give It Up 3:00
5. Th' Legendary Shack Shakers - Swampblood 3:11
6. Cobra Verde - Play With Fire 2:36
7. The Watson Twins - Just Like Heaven 4:15
8. The Flying Burrito Brothers - Christine's Tune (A.K.A. Devil 3:00
In Disguise)
9. Ryan Adams - Two 2:37
10. Slim Harpo - Strange Love 2:08
11. Allen Toussaint - From A Whisper To A Scream 3:29
12. Dr. John - I Don't Wanna Know 3:24
13. John Doe feat. Kathleen Edwards - The Golden State 2:59
14. Little Big Town - Bones 3:46

True Blood's sexy, swampy, and sometimes campy Louisiana
atmosphere plays nearly as big a part in the show as Sookie
Stackhouse and her vampire lover, Bill Compton. Fans of the HBO
TV series know that music played a huge part in creating that
atmosphere -- so much so that all of the episodes of its first
season were named after songs that appeared in them. And while
director/producer Alan Ball's previous HBO series, Six Feet
Under, also had an expertly crafted soundtrack that often blended
indie and alternative rock with classic vocal pop, True Blood's
music runs deeper and wider, often spanning artists like
Japanther and the Cowboy Junkies in a single episode and still
sounding cohesive. And though the show is steeped in vampire and
other kinds of supernatural lore, this collection of songs
couldn't be further from stereotypically dark, gothy music: the
closest it comes (and it's a stretch) is either the Watson Twins'
Mazzy Star-like cover of the Cure's "Just Like Heaven" or the
Southern Gothic of Little Big Town's "Bones," which, with its
backwoods menace and beautiful harmonies, is a kissin' cousin of
Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain." True Blood moves seamlessly from
classic swamp blues and soul to contemporary country to
alt-country and rock, and though decades separate some of these
songs, common threads run through them. There's a real twang to
most of these tracks, most brashly on Jace Everett's "Bad
Things," which wraps temptation and longing in roadhouse swagger
that makes it one of the most memorable TV theme songs of the
late 2000s, especially paired with the show's vividly gritty
title sequence. It's also no surprise that many tracks are about
Louisiana or by artists from there, including Lucinda Williams'
softly Cajun-tinged "Lake Charles," Allen Toussaint's "From a
Whisper to a Scream," and Dr. John's brooding "I Don't Wanna
Know." True Blood mixes moods as easily as it does musical
styles: C.C. Adcock's "Bleed 2 Feed" and Th' Legendary Shack
Shakers' "Swampblood" embody late-night hedonism with snaky
blues-rock and wild-eyed psychobilly; the Flying Burrito
Brothers' "Christine's Tune" nods to the magical reality lurking
around the show's edges with cosmic country-rock; and Lee
Dorsey's "Give It Up" is just plain funky and sexy. True Blood's
songs capture the feel of the show rather than focusing just on
tracks that scored the series' key moments, and this approach
feels more cohesive and listenable (although it has to be said
that Slim Harpo's "Strange Love," which soundtracks the first
conversation Bill and Sookie have, is a standout). True Blood
geeks will nitpick about some omissions, like Lynyrd Skynyrd's
"That Smell" or Joan Baez's "Plaisir d'Amour," but the soundtrack
is so of the show and so enjoyable that it feels like spending
some quality time with the jukebox at Merlotte's Bar and Grill
