Artist: Phil Odgers
Release: The Godforsaken Voyage
Released: 2013
Label: Vinyl Star Records
Catalog#: VSRCD001
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: UK
Style: folk







1. The Godforsaken Voyage
2. Dusty Fields
3. Coming Home
4. The Master’s Whip
5. Through The Morning, Through The Night
6. Names
7. Sunday Morning, Coming Down
8. Emotional Wreck
9. The Wrong Side
10. Bottom Of The World

The voice and guitar of globetrotting Folk-Punk legends The Men They Couldn’t Hang, Phil ‘Swill’ Odgers, didn’t really start out here intending to make a proper solo album. However, the online success of his country covers EP, in particular Kristofferson’s iconic ‘Sunday Morning Coming Down’, was received so well, he has now assembled a hand-picked gang of cohorts to record ‘the Godforsaken Voyage’.
The Kristofferson song is included here too, and sits alongside lower key moments from other greats in Gene Clark (“Through The Morning, Through The Night”, a stunningly beautifully mournful and sparse country waltz featuring Eliza Carthy), Tom Waits and also his own TMTCH band mate Paul Simmonds, on the lamenting “Dusty Fields”, and “His Masters Whip”, as well as featuring five Odgers originals which more than stand up here. The sound is simple, spacious and refined with a gentle folk and country feel; acoustic guitars are layered with accordions and violins, banjos, cajons and organs to compliment Odgers plaintive croon. Produced, engineered and mixed by Mike Glossop (of Waterboys/Van Morrison fame) the soul of this material is in its characters - the downtrodden, world weary and oppressed workers. The characters in these narratives have a clear affinity with the land and their environment (Simmonds’ contributions in particular). The title track is a contribution to a project set up by acclaimed Aussie Mick Thomas concerning Australian colonisation; its industrial revolution setting is a backdrop for newfangled machines stealing jobs and livelihoods, violent uprisings and penal retributions. It’s certainly a powerful opening shot. The best of Odgen’s self-written tunes (‘Names’, ‘Wrong Side’) too are sharp and melodic folk-pop tunes that are hued with just enough regret and storytelling nouse to sit comfortably along his careful selection of covers.

The album closes tenderly with a hushed, almost stately, folk waltz through Tom Waits’ ‘Bottom of the World’. While Waits’ absurdist imagery is in some stark contrast to the other more earthly-bound material on offer, its as good a version of the song as anyone could muster, and a fine conclusion to a hugely enjoyable record. Not simply for the worldwide TMTCH faithful, Odgers talents as a singer/songwriter and interpreter are all shown off with grace and conviction here.