The Ancient Alien Question: A New Inquiry Into the Existence, Evidence, and Influence of Ancient Visitors 
By Philip Coppens (Author), Erich von Daniken (Foreword)


The Ancient Alien Question reveals an array of astonishing truths, including:

A radically different understanding of the pyramids and how they were constructed
The origins of crystal skulls and how they were found
The extraordinary stories behind monuments such as the Nazca lines and Puma Punku, and who built them
How extraterrestrials came to our planet and the evidence that supports this

Analyzing the historical and archaeological evidence, Philip Coppens demonstrates that there is substantial proof that our ancestors were far more technologically advanced than currently accepted, and that certain cultures interacted with non-human intelligences. Our ancestors were clearly not alone.

Forty years after Erich von Däniken posed these questions in Chariots of the Gods, Coppens provides clear and concise answers to the great historical enigmas in a most accessible and readable format.

Your view of human history will never be the same again!


About the Author -
Philip Coppens is an internationally renowned investigative journalist, author, and regular contributor to magazines such as Atlantis Rising and NEXUS Magazine. He is labeled a skeptic by the believers, and a believer by the skeptics--a unique position which makes him a well-recognized voice of reason. He is the author of six books, including The New Pyramid Age, and is one of the leading contributors to The History Channel's popular series, Ancient Aliens. He lives in Edinburgh and Los Angeles, California.

Erich von Daniken is arguably the most widely read and most-copied nonfiction author in the world. He published his first (and most well-known) book, Chariots of the Gods, in 1968. It was a worldwide best-seller and has been followed by 31 more books including the recent hit History Is Wrong (New Page Books). His works have been translated into 28 different languages and have sold a total of 63 million copies. Several of his books have also been turned into films, and Erich's ideas have been the inspiration for a wide range of TV series, including the History Channel's smash hit special, "Ancient Aliens." He is an ever-present figure on the international lecture circuit. He lives in Switzerland.