[img]http://torrent-windows.net/uploads/posts/2013-05/1369853459_hfst0puklhvy.jpg[/img]
[b]Program name: Zemana AntiLogger
Program Version: 1.9.3.454
Latest version: 1.9.3.454
Language: MULTi / Russian


Treatment: Complete
Type of medicine: crack

Description:
AntiLogger provides a very effective anti-malware protection, working with all major security products. AntiLogger significantly improves your security, providing protection against the latest spyware, Rootkits, Trojans, Viruses, Bots, Adware and assemblers passwords - known as Malware. Installs in seconds, works fast and does not hinder you in the future. You can visit any sites, knowing that now your computer and the information on it are protected.

Security Features:
SSL Security (FIRST IN THE WORLD!)
Encryption SSL (Secure Socket Layer, Secure Sockets Layer) ensures data security during online purchases and conduct transactions on a large amount. Unfortunately, the new generation of spyware manages to capture data before they are securely encrypted.
Unique proactive protection Zemana AntiLogger prevents theft of your personal information when conducting banking transactions, transactions related to e-commerce through the use of SSL-capable.

Protection from spyware interceptor images via webcam (FIRST IN THE WORLD!)
Big Brother is watching you? Hackers and spyware can seize control of your webcam, even when it is turned off! But Zemana AntiLogger and prevents it!

Protection from keyloggers (keyloggers)
Keyloggers record everything you type, watching the characters entered from the keyboard. This makes most protection useless. However, Zemana AntiLogger not one of them!

Protection from spyware interceptor data from the screen (skrinloggerov)
Just as you can make a "snapshot" of the screen, skrinloggery take pictures of the screen in the most vulnerable moments, such as when you are viewing sensitive information such as bank account information using the virtual keyboard. Zemana Anti-Screen Logger recognizes this suspicious activity by analyzing the behavior of malicious programs, while the standard security software relies on the detection of virus signatures.

Protection from spyware interceptor data from the Clipboard:
Copying, cutting, pasting objects you are sending potentially sensitive data to the clipboard Windows, where malware can reach them. Fortunately, Zemana AntiLogger attempts to cope with all the malicious monitoring, including memory capture.

System protection:
Malicious programs often get to your registry, your physical memory (RAM) and other sensitive areas to the injection of malicious code and take control of your computer. Zemana AntiLogger guards against all this, taking care of the safety of the heart of your machine.

The main advantages of protection:
No need to download the latest signatures:
Unlike outdated anti-virus and anti-spyware products, AntiLogger does not wait for signature updates malware to cope with their attacks. You will never have to worry about the last update.

Proactive Modules:
AntiLogger controls the installation process, check and modify files, detecting and stopping any suspicious activity.

Compatibility with programs that are often used for safety:
Signature-based antivirus software, personal firewall, disk encryption, as well as many other security features will work normally with AntiLogger.

Bulletproof self-defense:
The program AntiLogger can not be deactivated by targeted attacks, ensuring continuity of protection.

The procedure for treatment:
In the installed program to enter the serial from the keygen.[/b]
 
http://techhamlet.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/zemana-antilogger-550x385.jpg
