The Hart Family Series (1-5) by Ella Fox in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com 

Broken Hart (The Hart Family #1) by Ella Fox (July 22nd 2012) 

Sabrina Tyler is head over heels in love with her boss and best friend, Dante Hart. Sabrina thinks that Dante has no romantic interest in her but she's wrong.

Dante doesn't believe in love or commitment or any kind. Sabrina has gotten under his skin but Dante has no intention of acting on it.

One wild night changes their relationship forever, but Dante lacks faith in love and doesn't believe in Happily Ever Afters.

Can Sabrina break through and fix what's broken in Dante Hart? 

Shattered Hart (The Hart Family #2) by Ella Fox (October 20th 2012) 

Damien Hart will never allow himself to fall into a committed relationship. He's seen the worst of the worst, and he knows that there isn't a woman on earth that will ever change his mind. 

All of that changes the moment he meets Brooke Tyler. Damien's entire view of women and relationships is rocked by her, and though he tries, he can't make himself stay away. 

Brooke is everything Damien never knew that he wanted. Will he be able to let go of his past and take a chance on love? 

Loving Hart (The Hart Family #3) by Ella Fox (December 14th 2012) 

Destiny gave them each other...

From the moment he saw her, Spencer Cross knew that Delilah Hart was special. Understanding that she needed him to be strong for her, Spencer endured a childhood filled with secrets, lies and abuse. Delilah gave him a reason to live as she protected his heart and kept him from going off the rails.

Delilah knew that fate had delivered the love of her life to her at a very early age. Spencer was her anchor and the reason she believed in true love. She'd never doubted that they were meant to be together forever.

Until chance threatened to rip them apart...

Will Delilah be able to convince Spencer to let go of his demons, or will she be forced to walk away with only the memories? 

Unbroken Hart (The Hart Family #4) by Ella Fox (December 31st 2012) 

It's time for Dante's narrative!

Find out how he really felt when he met Sabrina and catch up with the couple that started the Hart Family series. Dante is as steamy as ever!

Missing Hart (The Hart Family #5) by Ella Fox (May 25th 2013) 

My life has been built on a mountain of secrets, lies and half truths.
For a long time I wasn't able to let anyone get close to me.
But then I met my Prince Charming.
The man who saved me from myself, who showed me what true love was.

If only I'd been honest.
If only I'd been stronger.
If only I could forget.

I've missed him every single day for four years,
and nobody who means anything to me even knows he existed in my world.

Now the part of my life that I've kept secret has collided head on with the life I built to survive the destruction of my heart. 

He's back- and this time, we can't avoid each other.

The love story of Dominique Hart and Dillon Cooper has never been easy, but that doesn't make it any less real. 

Not everyone has an easy journey on the way to love, but sometimes, that makes getting there that much more meaningful. 

** Contains one F/F love scene. 


Seed and Enjoy!