Re-uploaded under correct date, since other torrent now has no seeders...
Coast to Coast AM for April 27, 2013. Alternative Medicine
Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
This is  a full rip of the stream (WMA) that Coast to Coast AM provides to such loyal members to their shows. It has been converted and merged together into mp3 files, however, to give you the experience you should be getting through the show mp3 archives. Instead, you get all bumper music erased, and a quality which takes out all bass (making George Noory sound as though he's coming through a crappy radio speaker)
This is what the Coast experience should be. And you can get it... absolutely free. Enjoy!

Show for: April 27, 2013
Show description:

John B. Wells
Guests:
Anthony  Gucciardi
Investigative journalist and editor of Natural Society, Anthony Gucciardi joined John B. Wells to discuss a wide range of topics on natural health. Gucciardi reviewed some of the issues with GMO (Genetically Modified Organism) products, pointing out that GMO farming yields less than traditional/organic farmingΓÇöa finding he said had been confirmed by the research of several hundred scientists.  
In addition, GMO crops treated with Monsanto's Roundup weed killer have been shown in peer-reviewed studies to cause DNA damage in rats, he revealed. Gucciardi railed against Monsanto's slave-like work rings in Argentina, control over the FDA, and stand against Prop 37, which would require labeling of GMO foods. He listed several well-known organic brands owned by large corporations that also donated money to fight Prop 37, questioning why these companies oppose such legislation if there is nothing wrong with GMO foods. 
Gucciardi spoke about a new kind of GMO threat presented by biopharmaceutical crops engineered for medical purposes. Such crops have been genetically modified to contain vaccines against AIDS and other diseases as well as contraceptive drugs, he explained, The government could one day mandate vaccines be placed into the food supply this way, Gucciardi warned. He provided information on the development of GMO humans under the 2045 Initiative.  
According to Gucciardi, the wealthy elite are funding research into transhumanism with the ultimate goal of gaining immortality via artificial GMO bodies. He expects robotic copies of human bodies which can be remotely controlled via RFID technology to become a reality by 2015. Gucciardi also commented on gun control, noting how the issue is less about guns and more about controlling people, as well as Google's role in censoring online content, including their crackdown on natural health websites. 
Website(s):
ΓÇó naturalsociety.com
ΓÇó storyleak.com
