#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-05-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Dr. Robert O. Young, Joyce Riley

Research scientist focusing on cellular nutrition, Dr. Robert O. Young discussed what he believes to be the true causes of disease. This led him to develop a new form of biology to help people balance their body chemistry using mostly dietary changes and eliminating inflammation. The human body is alkaline by design, and when it's in this state, we have energy, vitality, and fitness; however, when it's acidic, people can experience fatigue, irritations, sensitivities, allergies, and inflammation, he stated. "In fact, I've said you cannot have acid without pain...I've referred to that as Stage 4 Acidosis," he commented. Ideally, a person should be between 7.3 ΓÇô 7.4 on the scale of the pH test strips, and "by managing the pH of the internal fluids of the body, they will live longer and healthier," he added.

Young outlined dietary practices that can increase the alkaline level of the body, suggesting that we eat food, not because of its caloric value, but for its electric potential and life force energy. For him, this means a lot of green and raw foods and drinks (which are high in chlorophyll) like parsley, cucumber, spinach, broccoli, hemp, and avocados. Drinking water treated to be more alkaline is another helpful practice, he said, noting that there are ionizers that can create this, or people can buy drops to add to their water.

Increasing the consumption of green foods is the best way to build health in our bodies, "cause if we want healthy bodies, we have to build healthy blood," he said. Young further recommended that people get healthy amounts of salt in their diet to stay alkaline. Salts help to support the stomach, which pulls sodium, water, and carbon dioxide from the blood to form sodium bicarbonate which alkalizes the food we've eaten, and neutralizes acids from metabolism, he explained.
Vets & Suicide

First hour guest, registered nurse and talk show host Joyce Riley reacted to a recent report showing a high rate of US veteran suicides-- 22 deaths a day. This number refers to active duty, so the number of vets outside that classification could bring the rate up much higher. The Dept. of Defense doesn't want to address the toxic environments which the troops have been in, like the massive burn pits, she said. Exposure to such areas can adversely affect the brain, as well as the depleted uranium present on many battlefields, which is basically radiating the troops, she added. Riley also noted that soldiers in the war zone with mental problems were being given high doses of psychotropic drugs, and if they committed suicide in the theater it was referred to as "non-combat death."

News segment guests: Alex Jones, Lauren Weinstein
Website(s):

    phmiracleliving.com
    gulfwarvets.com
    ThePowerHour.com

Video(s):

    Beyond Treason

Book(s):

    Sick and Tired?
    The pH Miracle

