Hacking Web Apps - Detecting and Preventing Web Application Security Problems

Book Details:

Pages: 296 pages
Publisher: Syngress (September 2012)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 159749951X
ISBN-13: 978-1597499514
Format: PDF, EPUB

Book Description:

How can an information security professional keep up with all of the hacks, attacks, and exploits on the Web? One way is to read Hacking Web Apps. The content for this book has been selected by author Mike Shema to make sure that we are covering the most vicious attacks out there. Not only does Mike let you in on the anatomy of these attacks, but he also tells you how to get rid of these worms, trojans, and botnets and how to defend against them in the future. Countermeasures are detailed so that you can fight against similar attacks as they evolve.

Attacks featured in this book include:

SQL Injection
Cross Site Scripting
Logic Attacks
Server Misconfigurations
Predictable Pages
Web of Distrust
Breaking Authentication Schemes
HTML5 Security Breaches
Attacks on Mobile Apps

Even if you don not develop web sites or write HTML, Hacking Web Apps can still help you learn how sites are attacked-as well as the best way to defend against these attacks. Plus, Hacking Web Apps gives you detailed steps to make the web browser ΓÇô sometimes your last line of defense ΓÇô more secure.

More and more data, from finances to photos, is moving into web applications. How much can you trust that data to be accessible from a web browser anywhere and safe at the same time?
Some of the most damaging hacks to a web site can be executed with nothing more than a web browser and a little knowledge of HTML.
Learn about the most common threats and how to stop them, including HTML Injection, XSS, Cross Site Request Forgery, SQL Injection, Breaking Authentication Schemes, Logic Attacks, Web of Distrust, Browser Hacks and many more.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Introduction
Chapter 2. Cross Site Scripting (XSS)
Chapter 3. Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF)
Chapter 4. SQL Injection
Chapter 5. Server Misconfigurations and Predictable Pages
Chapter 6. Breaking Authentication Schemes
Chapter 7. Logic Attacks
Chapter 8. Web of Distrust
Chapter 9. HTML5 Security Breaches
