Carb Back-Loading by: John Kiefer

Be honest: do you live like a monk?

I did. I watched everything I put in my mouth and my eating schedule displayed Swiss-precision timing. I would never eat the foods I loved — like the cherry turnover above — and I never dared miss a feeding, fearing the rumble, irritability and nausea of an empty stomach. In short…

On top of that, I trained for hours a day and I never looked anything like I do now.

These days, I only get to the gym three times a week if I’m lucky. I’m building a business and working with athletes across the globe. I don’t have time to spare.

But I found a way to look awesome anyway.

My background as a physicist keeps me hungry for knowledge. I’m always reading a medical journal to stay on top of my game and while researching a random vein of interest…

I stumbled upon an integral component of the way to stay lean and enhance every aspect of training — strength, size, aesthetics — with almost no effort.

I don’t eat on a schedule anymore. I make gains in the gym with little effort, even training a total of 3 hours a week; I eat cherry turnovers, hamburgers and fries, ice cream and cheesecake and guess what?

After spending a few years perfecting the eating strategy, I finally put it all into a single book with everything you need to live like you want, enjoy life and look like a fitness model all year, while still achieving new goals in the gym.

And that’s it. That’s all I have to tell you. Everything you could want is in the book. It’s one of the most heavily researched and referenced diet books in the world, bar none. My only goal for this book is to help people learn my supposed secret:

You can read on if you’d like and see testimonials from world-record holding powerlifters, internationally ranked female athletes, the editor of Men’s Fitness Magazine and even the average person who just wanted to look awesome naked. But if you’re ready to make your friends envious, to make life simple and reveal the chiseled comic-book-character physique that’s hiding under a layer of fat, then why wait?