Missing Persons - Right Now [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Right Now" is a song from Rhyme & Reason, the second album by American new wave band Missing Persons, released in 1984. After the successful debut album by the band, this LP fell flat in sales. The pleasant-sounding "Surrender Your Heart" was its signature single. A video was created for it featuring animations from famous artist Peter Max and received heavy rotation on MTV, but the track was largely ignored by AOR radio. "Give" and "Right Now" were also released as singles, and videos made for both received airplay on MTV. Missing Persons embarked on a successful tour, but the album quickly fell off the sales charts. 

Missing Persons is an American band that plays a blend of New Wave and pop rock. The band was founded in 1980 in Los Angeles by guitarist Warren Cuccurullo, vocalist Dale Bozzio, and drummer Terry Bozzio. They went on to add bassist Patrick O'Hearn and keyboardist Chuck Wild. 

Dale's quirky voice and heavy makeup made the band a favorite on MTV in the early 1980s. Her revealing outfits played a pivotal role in moving the culture of music videos towards that of overt sexual exhibitionism. 

Dale and Terry Bozzio met while working with Frank Zappa, and they married in 1979. Cuccurullo encountered the pair while contributing to the Zappa album Joe's Garage. O'Hearn was also a former member of Zappa's touring band, and Chuck Wild had played with a variety of bands before joining.

In 1980 the band made its first record, a 4-song EP entitled Missing Persons, in Zappa's brand-new Utility Muffin Research Kitchen studios; the recording was financed by Cuccurullo's father. The band toured, promoted the EP, appeared in the movie Lunch Wagon, and became a must-see band among the Los Angeles live music crowd. "Mental Hopscotch" was a No. 1 record on local radio station KROQ-FM, and the self-promoted EP sold 7,000 copies. 

Two years of hard work led up to a signing with Capitol Records in 1982. With label support, the re-released EP sold another 250,000 units, and the new full-length album Spring Session M (an anagram of "Missing Persons") went gold. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhyme_%26_Reason 
      
http://bayimg.com/EAJLcAAeN 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 704x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9558kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 256kbps
   Duration: 00:03:38




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	
