INTRODUCTION:
In the wake of hurricane dallasgoldbug everyone wants to find excuses NOT to look at this family, which is just more proof for me that dallasgoldbug was an agent working for this family to discredit any investigation of them. Also the fact that dallasgoldbug misleads people by saying they have ties to Canada, which, a. doesnt matter, and b. the connections to israel and their constant vacations to israel far outweigh in significance (and also happen to corroborate veterans today analysis that sandy hook was an Israeli False flag). 

This family happen to be some of the most well connected people in the world, 2 clicks away from Jennifer greenbergs friends list and youre onto the trump family, and the heller family (mark heller lindsay lohan's lawyer, lawyer to the stars) connected through the wohl family pictured with them on many occasions. Their connections to the press are also evident in their family relations. The fact that this family is so well connected to press and entertainment, has their roots in Connecticut, happen to have acting profiles and audition tapes (for Jennifer greenberg anyway: www.starscolor.com/imgs/17379-jennifer-greenberg-3.html ) And so many of the family members and their friends happen to have a similar likeness to the sandy hook actors. 

The only one that isnt 100% for me is robbie parker/john walker, ( Because they appear to have tried to widen his nose, However I am about 95% sure!) The fact that he has a VERY SIMILAR VOICE, very similar likeness, and is friends with Liv Kaplans film making network based in austin tx, also his family is from guess where... yes.. connecticut. And some very serious connections to the occult and the same "beast editorial network" which the kaplan family is connected to. Also very damning is his radio interview where he ADMITS TO LEADING A DOUBLE LIFE!.. his entertainment background, film making buddies from the kaplan family, lives in Austin (like the kaplans) occult connections and family from CT are enough "coincidences" to warrent further investigation into HIS and the rest of their whereabouts mid december 2012. 

CONNECTIONS:
Through the harmon family you can find Barry m greenberg... CHECK HIM OUT ON IMDB! www.imdb.com/name/nm2124112/  "Barry M. Greenberg is a graduate of Antioch University and of the Defense Information School."
Then look? him up on linkedin.. http://www.linkedin.com/in/barrygreenberg  
Go check out the top website connected to him: "DINFOS Trained Killers" Alumni Association click that group (http://www.linkedin.com/groups?gid=60538) and see the group owner/manager's profiles... military backgrounds specializing in hacking and communications... its a disinfo operation.. and the whole family is part of it!
If you look through riley harmons facebook page you will find friends with jennifer greenberg sexton who links you to all the other greenbergs and sextons of her family, they are infact family with the harmons aswell, stemming from the kaplan family (remember granpa kaplans 90'th birthday??) look at the family runion photos, they are all linked up through eachothers fb accounts. 

the harmons, blumbergs, the kaplans, the greenbergs, and sextons are all family from the dallasgoldbug video pictures (he was a plant to send people running in the wrong direction! so they wouldnt see this!!!)..
Get this.. the kaplans are friends with filmmaker bern cohen.. the story continues, download to see more!