William Kloss, Diane K. Skvarla, Jane R. McGoldrick, "United States Senate Catalogue of Fine Art" 
English | ISBN: 0160511720 | 2003 | PDF | 512 pages | 46,6 mb

The United States Senate Catalogue of Fine Art is a compilation of paintings and sculptures that represents American history over a period of 200 years, filled with over 100 extraordinary photos. Each work of art is illustrated with a full-page color photograph, accompanied by an essay and secondary images that place the work in historical and aesthetic context. For the benefit of serious art historians and art enthusiasts alike, this catalogue also provides previously unpublished information on the 160 paintings and sculptures in the U.S. Senate.

The United States Senate Catalogue of Fine Art is a comprehensive display of art, depicting patriotic scenes, sculptures and portraits of the various men and women who have contributed to American democracy. This catalogue features the works of many American artists, including Gilbert Stuart, the renowned 18th century painter of George Washington's portraits, and Thomas Sully, who produced several portraits of Andrew Jackson. These and many other artists whose works are featured in this catalogue bring to life what America treasures most--freedom and democracy. 

Overall, this book is an invitation for the reader to experience the awe that every visitor feels when touring the U.S. Capitol building. It is also serves as a magnificent history lesson on the U.S. Senate.

To the surprise of many visitors, the interior of the United States Capitol abounds in magnificent art that rivals its exterior architectural splendor. The fine art held by the U.S. Senate comprises much of this treasured heritage. It spans over 200 years of history and contains works by such celebrated artists as Augustus Saint-Gaudens, Hiram Powers, Daniel Chester French, Charles Willson Peale, Gilbert Stuart, Walker Hancock, and Alexander Calder. The United States Senate Catalogue of Fine Art represents the first comprehensive effort to illustrate and interpret this rich trove of paintings and sculptures.

For the benefit of serious art historians and art enthusiasts in general, this volume provides previously unpublished information on the 160 paintings and sculptures in the U.S. Senate. Each work of art—from portraiture of prominent senators to scenes depicting significant events in U.S. history—is illustrated with a full-page color photograph, accompanied by an essay and secondary images that place the work in historical and aesthetic context.

The Senate’s art continues to grow and evolve. Its most recent acquisitions are documented here for the first time. Also featured in this catalogue is the Senate’s oldest continuing art collection, the Vice Presidential Bust Collection, which honors those individuals who have served as president of the Senate. In his introductory essay, art historian and principal author William Kloss provides a comparative perspective on the collection as he discusses the highlights of the Senate’s art. Compiled by Senate Curator Diane K. Skvarla, this publication is the definitive new resource on the fine art in the United States Senate.