Although Code Lyoko is far from a powerhouse in gaming, the series has inspired a few titles in recent history. Last year, Code Lyoko: Quest for Infinity was released for the Nintendo Wii to mixed reviews. This year, the title is getting an update (of sorts) and has been ported over to both the PlayStation 2 and PSP. If you've already played the Wii version, the PlayStation 2 and PSP versions are essentially the same.

The story takes place during the fourth and final season of Code Lyoko after William was taken away and X.A.N.A. caused the complete destruction of Lyoko. You begin the game after Lyoko has been rebuilt by Jeremy, and you discover that several alternate Lyoko worlds, referred to as replikas, have been created by the evil entity X.A.N.A. I'm not going to lie, if you are not a Lyoko fan, you won't understand any portion of the story. But then again, if you're not a Code Lyoko fan, you probably won't be picking up this title either

Levels feature a very basic design, and if you've ever played a platforming title, Code Lyoko: Quest for Infinity will feel very familiar. Most levels are almost strictly linear and generally consist of fighting baddies, flipping switches, and jumping on platforms. In addition to the generic platforming levels, there are also a few vehicle levels which add a little variety too the mix. However, these feel incredibly basic as well and only consist of traveling through a narrow corridor and shooting at enemies. 

You are able to play the game as all four members of the Code Lyoko team, Aelita, Odd, Ulrich, and Yumi. Many of the game's levels depend on your ability to switch between characters and correctly use their specific abilities. Odd has a special cat-like climbing ability, Yumi and Aelita have special long-range attacks, and Ulrich has one he uses at close range. As you progress in the game, you will be able to unlock new attacks and power-ups for your characters. Most of these power-ups are unlocked as you go through levels and require no extra effort on your part. But as you close in on the end of the game, you may come up a little short, and completionists will have the opportunity to go back though levels to unlock all their power-ups, if they so desire. 

Although being able to play as all the characters and having some level variation definitely adds some value to this title, it just can't seem to save itself from feeling extremely mediocre. The levels take no chances, the gameplay feels stale right from the very beginning, and aside from the fact that this title features characters from a television show, nothing here feels unique or interesting. Another problem is the nearly identical levels. Although all the different stages supposedly take place in different replicas throughout lyoko, they all look basically the same and you can't distinguish one level from another. 