Artist: Zoë Keating
Release: Into The Trees
Discogs: 2375758
Released: 2010
Label: Not On Label (Zoë Keating Self-released)
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: US
Style: Classical, Electronic, Contemporary

Tracklisting:

01. Forest (0:45)
02. Escape Artist (6:34)
03. Optimist (5:02)
04. The Path (5:43)
05. Lost (6:11)
06. Hello Night (4:28)
07. Don't Worry (5:04)
08. Seven League Boots (6:11)
09. The Last Bird (1:57)
10. Flying & Flocking (4:57)
11. Optimist (Live) (4:09)



Review from popbunker.net
I don’t get starstruck very easily. I lived in Los Angeles for a little while and saw some celebrities now and then, but for example, when I saw Ben Affleck sitting the next table over at lunch, I just laughed at him for going around with his drawers hanging out. That said, I did get nervous and excited when I saw Zoë Keating at the airport. It’s not every day you have to weigh the likelihood that you’ll make a total ass of yourself against the chance to shake hands with a personal hero.

Like Rob Paravonian said, it’s cool to be an adult who plays the cello, but when you’re younger… you’re just so much bully-fodder. For those of us desperately seeking cred, Ms. Keating was a goddess – only a little older and made playing the cello undeniably cool. Now that I’m no longer a high school orchestra nerd or going to a college where most of the students weren’t aware we had an orchestra, and fall into the “adult who plays the cello,” (which = cool, for those of you having trouble keeping up) I’m still awed and inspired by her music.

Her new album, Into The Trees, is as sublime as I could have hoped. But, you ask, isn’t instrumental music (especially on an instrument like the cello), well… boring, Masterpiece Theater, dragged to the opera by your girlfriend, falling asleep in a tuxedo crap that you can only sit through by imagining robots invading and battling the musicians? Um… no.
Hop over to the website to make that wondrous creation of sound and technology yours to keep for a measly $8.00. I’ve enjoyed the whole album quite a lot since its release last week, but the tracks I keep coming back to are Optimist, Hello Night, and Don’t Worry.

Optimist sounds like optimism. Don’t Worry sounds like a hug from a friend. The snozzberries taste like snozzberries! Wait. Strike that last. Hello Night makes you want it to get dark faster.

If you ignore me and don’t listen, then your world is a lot more dull and lifeless than it needs to be.
