Artist: Michael Chapman
Release: Window/Wrecked Again
Released: (1970, 1971)cd2004
Label: BGO Records
Catalog#: BGOCD555
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
[color=blue]Country: USA
Style: Folk Rock

image


Disc 1
1. 1. Lady On The Rocks / Song For September 
2. Last Lady Song 
3. Among The Trees 
4. An Old Man Remembers 
5. In The Valley 
6. First Lady Song 
7. Landships 
8. A Scholarly Man 
9. She Came In Like The ΓÇ£6.15ΓÇ¥ And Made A Hole In The Wall 

Disc 2
10. 10. Polar Bear Fandango 
11. Indian Queens 
12. Wrecked Again 
13. All In All 
14. Back On Your Own Again 
15. The First Leaf Of Autumn 
16. Fennario 
17. Time Enough To Spare 
18. Night Drive 
19. Mozart Lives Upstairs 
20. Shuffleboat River Farewell 

BGO's two-fer reissue of Michael Chapman's most mysterious recording, Window from 1970, and its sequel, Wrecked Again, are two welcome reissues in the British singer/songwriter's CD catalog. Window is the great anomaly in Chapman's erratic, maverick career. The album was due to be recorded as a quick follow-up to the sensation that his debut, Fully Qualified Survivor, created on the British media scene. According to Marc Higgins' fine liner notes to this package, Chapman was supposed to record between touring dates. After a first demo and track session, Chapman went on tour, returning only to find that EMI had rushed 20,000 copies of the demo to print! Chapman himself warned fans off the record, telling them specifically not to buy it, but has performed songs from it in his live show continually for the last 30-plus years. The material is strong, and at this late date, nearly three and half decades after the fact, it sounds fresh. Immediacy, warmth, and the excitement of "first thought, best thought" are all over the set. Chapman's musical aides on this material include bassist Rick Kemp (Steeleye Span), drummer Ritchie Dharma, and lead guitarist P. Harold Fatt (a pseudonym for Phil Greenberg). Its standout tracks include "Among the Trees," "Last Lady Song," "A Scholarly Man," and the medley "Lady on the Rocks/Song for September." Wrecked Again is another exercise in restlessness and showcases Chapman's considerable skills as an electric guitarist as well as his acoustic prowess. Once again Rick Kemp is aboard, along with Albert Hammond on backing vocals. The more rollicking sound is as much a tribute to the recording situation -- Rockfield Studios -- as it was Chapman's restlessness in not wanting to be just another English "folkie." Standout cuts here are the opening "Polar Bear Fandango," "Indian Queens," "Mozart Lives Upstairs," and "Shuffleboat River Farewell." ~ Thom Jurek