Sharp World Clock

Sharp World Clock - perhaps the most sophisticated and beautiful World Time program for Windows that you will find anywhere on the web. It is not only a universal time piece with almost every function you can imagine, using the most sophisticated and modern programming techniques - it can even improve your knowledge with Country Flags and State Borders on its built-in World Map and is intuitively and easy to use. 

Due to the always up-to-date Daylight Saving rules (with web update), this program will always tell you the exact time of every country on earth. It also tells the precise Sunrise and Sunset time for each location and even the Moon Phase. There is a built-in Time Zone Converter, a multiple Alarm Clock and a Calendar with reminder plus Atomic (Internet) Time Synch, System Tray mode and Always-On-Top mode. 

Feature Summary

Any number of clocks you need, in every possible line or grid arrangement 
Unlimited styles - use the clock with or without title bar and window frame 
Fully customizable list with cities from every country in the world (at least the capital of every country in the world is included - plus many others) 
Add, change or delete cities and select Favorites for quicker access 
Display the time on Analog and/or Digital Clocks 
Choose from a variety of Date and Time Formatters, which you can set up individually for each clock (including Swatch Beat); switch from 12 hour mode to 24 hour mode and back anytime 
Select any Color or Background Image combination you like (21 adjustable style presets are included) or make up your own! 
World Map with time zones, earth shadow (see in which parts of the earch there is day or night) and the sun's position; 6x zoom with country borders
Accurate Sunrise, Sunset and Moon Phase calculation 
Country Flags of all countries, even on top of the clock faces 
Unique "Artifical Sky" (graphical representation of the day/night sky) for every clock, from which you can see the position of the sun on the horizon 
Always up-to-date Daylight Saving Time (DST) database, with internet update 
System Tray (Icon) mode, Always On Top mode 
Timezone Converter - convert easily from one timezone to another for any given date and time 
Alarm Clock with 3 independent alarms (one-time or daily, silent or with sound - a collection of sound files is included) 
Handy little Calendar with reminder function 
Atomic Clock Synchronization with one of several pre-configured time servers via Internet 
Easy to use and to configure: You probably won't need the help files at all - all the bells and whistles if you like, but still intuitive and simple to use! It's not only a tool - it's also a toy!

Supported OS:

Windows 7 / Vista / XP (32/64)

Homepage: http://www.sharpworldclock.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Registration instruction given in keygen folder.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.