Neils Children are pleased to announce the release of their third album Dimly Lit, which will be release on 10th June 2013 via French label Boudoir Moderne.

Now operating as a two-piece, Neils Children proudly decamped to Toulouse, France where they recorded Dimly Lit in their rural studio which now takes the founding pair away from their previous guitar-led sound. With the band citing influences such as Broadcast, Silver Apples and Stereolab. Dimly Lit takes a further twist and forms around the clockwork-like churn of analogue synths, drum loops and deep underpinning bass that go to create a psychedelic stimulus and a real sense of escapism.

Dimly Lit makes a real statement of intent and marks a coming of age within the duo. With this full length LP echoing the familiar sound of Tame Impala and Stealing Sheep, Neils Children have crated a uniquely modern, contemporary record that echoes vintage sounds and care free vibes that are abundant in todays culture. Tracks like ‘Warm Wave’ and ‘Those You Thought Would, But Who’ feature that warm valve amp bite, whirling synths and hypnotic vocal lines that penetrate the subconscious sending the mind into a humid, dream-like state.

Formed in 2000 in the London suburbs by John Linger (guitarist/singer/song writer) and Brandon Jacobs (Drummer), Neils Children burst onto the music scene in 2003 with their debut single Come Down. The duo soon flung under the media spotlight with top 60 single Always The Same with support coming in from Elle Magazine, The Times and NME. By 2009 the band had two albums, numerous singles and had the privilege of supporting Razorlight, Bloc Party, The Horrors and Klaxons though out their UK and worldwide tours.

After a 3 year hiatus the band returned in 2012 to pick up where they left off and 2013 sees Neils Children seek new heights with Dimly Lit. The band will be playing a string of live dates and this year can only be theirs for the taking with their unique modern take on their vintage influences.

Tracklising :

1- At A Gentle Pace
2- Edward the Confessor
3-Dimly Lit
4- The Beat of the Boulevard
5- The Way The Web Was Woven (Instrumental)
6- Warm Wave
7- Never Could Be Any Other Way
8- Telling
9- Trust You
10- Those You Thought Would, But Who Never Will Again
11- What’s Held In My Hands
