#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-01-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Open Lines, Christopher Maloney

In the first half, George Noory welcomed filmmaker Christopher Maloney for 

a discussion on his research into cryptids and recent documentary, 

Cryptotrip. The film examines how sightings of unknown creatures affect 

the lives of those who witness them, Maloney explained. "It changes their 

concept of reality," he added. Maloney described his interview with Dover 

Demon witness William Bartlett, who expressed frustration for being known 

almost exclusively for an 8-second encounter he had with a strange being 

with glowing eyes. He shared a case from Papua New Guinea of a flying 

dinosaur-like creature about the size of a small airplane, as well as 

speculated on why there is little physical evidence for cryptids. People 

rarely come across bear remains in the wild and it is quite possible that 

members of the Bigfoot species actually bury their dead, he noted.

Two witnesses featured in his film joined the conversation to share their 

own creature sightings. Robin Swope recalled an unforgettable moment in 

July 2001, when he watched a giant bird emerge from swamp land next to the 

graveyard where he worked in Erie, Pennsylvania. Swope said the creature 

had black feathers, a 17-ft wingspan, and appeared to be prehistoric-

looking. He compared it to an extinct condor. Next, Todd Neiss recounted 

his incredible Bigfoot sighting from 1993, when he was working in Oregon 

as a combat engineer for the National Guard conducting explosives 

training. According to Neiss, as he was exiting the blast zone in a Humvee 

he saw "three very large jet black figures" standing upright off in the 

distance. They were covered in hair, wore no clothes, had arms that went 

passed their knees, and at least one stood 9-ft tall, he revealed. Neiss 

claimed that other soldiers corroborated his sighting.

-------------------------------------------------

The latter half of the show was devoted to Open Lines. Claire from San 

Luis Obispo, California, told George that she and her father would listen 

to Coast to Coast together when he was alive and often talk about making 

contact with each other after death. She claimed to have successfully 

communicated with her departed father using ordinary table salt poured 

onto a plate. According to Claire, she wrote "DAD R U OK?" into the salt 

and upon checking it a week later found the "R U" and "?" scratched out to 

reveal the message "DAD OK". James in Gulfport, Mississippi, shared a UFO 

sighting he had last August. James said he was outside enjoying a 

beautiful evening when he looked up to see a large boomerang-shaped shadow 

cross the light of the moon. The mysterious flying object was silent, 

slow-moving, and could execute steep-angled turns that James guessed are 

not possible for any known aircraft. John from New Hampshire reported on 

an all white wolf-like creature he spotted near his home, as well as 

photographs his neighbors took of large footprints that may have been made 

by a Bigfoot species thought to roam New England.

The last half hour featured audio from a past interview with Larry Haber, 

attorney for the family of alleged time traveler John Titor.

News segment guest: Richard C. Hoagland
Website(s):

    cryptotrip.com

Video(s):

    Cryptotrip

