Owl pose some intriguing questions on their second full-length album, The Right Thing on Overit Records.

“So many things are up in the air today,” ponders frontman Chris Wyse. “A lot of times you ask yourself, ‘Are we doing the right thing?’ It’s a simple question, but also profound. We’re always wondering if we’re moving in the right direction.”

Musically, the trio has nothing to worry about. They bravely continue to forge ahead on the right path. Approaching timeless rock structures through a healthy amount of experimentation and instrumental intricacy, the group takes flight locked and loaded with unforgettable hooks and impressive delivery.  It’s a combination that instantly impacts and takes up residence inside your head as all great hard rock should.

After releasing their self-titled debut in 2009, Owl captivated audiences alongside the likes of Helmet and Jet to Hollywood all-star rock collective Camp Freddy. Between touring and recording commitments with Wyse’s other gig – playing bass in The Cult – Owl began writing what would become the band’s self-produced The Right Thing in early 2011. Sessions took place in Matt Sorum’s Drac Studios in Los Angeles as well as at Dinsmore’s own O Studios in the mountains of upstate New York.

“Although the first album was heavy and bombastic, I feel like our new record is even more engaging and exhilarating on various levels,” Dinsmore reveals. “There’s an honesty that shines through. We were all in the moment, and it shows. If you let it, this record will take you on a wild ride.”

The title track boasts a propulsive drumbeat that drives into staggering distortion as Wyse muses,“You couldn’t handle. You’re tripping. You can’t trust yourself“. The song teeters between brooding and hypnotic as the band roars to life.

On the other end of the spectrum, they transform The Kinks’ classic “Destroyer” into a swaggering futuristic stomper. It’s got a classic energy, but it’s still unequivocally Owl.

Elsewhere on the album, Wyse delves into his Irish roots on the rousing “Rover,” and welcomes guest drummer Johnny Tempesta of The Cult on the electrifying, tribal beat-driven “All Day.”

“Perfect” contemplates a perfect day over an ethereal soundscape flush with emotion. Wyse shares, “Sometimes you have those special moments where everything feels perfect. You get a flash of clarity and are able to reach another level. It’s about cherishing those simple times when the dark parts of life just don’t matter.”

Mezilis concludes, “We approach music in a slightly unorthodox way, but our aim has always been to take listeners places they’ve never been before.”

That’s undeniably The Right Thing for Owl and listeners everywhere.