No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

If everybody seeds, you will get higher downloading speeds.

Description:
Set out on a grand adventure in this turn-based, retro style, pixel-art
  RPG, inspired by the great titles of the 90's. Take on the roles of
  in-game players taking on the roles of their characters in a traditional
  pen and paper RPG session in the ultimate meta roleplaying experience.

  As both the playing characters AND the game master, players can choose
  which battles to fight. Put together a bunch of monsters to make for a
  challenging fight and your efforts will be equally rewarded!

  Choose from multiple classes, such as knights and mages, pick your
  characters to control those classes, like grandma or kid brother, and take
  on the loads of quests, monsters, items and equipment littered throughout
  Knights of Pen & Paper +1 Edition. Blacksmiths, enchanters, mining,
  gathering, hidden treasures and a whole lot more await, giving players a
  lot of room to personalize their gameplay experience.

  Don't wait any longer, the Pen & Paper world needs you!


   Features:
   ~~~~~~~~~
  * The ultimate pen and paper RPG simulation experience
  * Put together your own role-playing group complete with the game master,
    the role-players and their respective classes
  * Fight and explore your way through a perilous fantasy world to defeat
    the dark mage
  * Level up and get your hands on more gold to unlock epic items and gear
    for your party
  * As the game master, you can set up the fights yourself and choose how
    many monsters to battle

Installation instructions:
1. Execute the Knights of Pen and Paper +1 Edition (2-click run)(registred).exe file.
2. Click next.
3. Enjoy the program.