Tiny Casey Calvert is inverted, skull fucked pussy fucked nipple tortured & squirts like a fountain | Casey Calvert | Matt Williams
            
April 3, 2013

  
MP4 only.


We have the adorable Casey Calvert back on the pages of Sexually Broken, the best rough sex and bondage site on the net. We also have an amazing decoration bound and cumming in the background, Darling!

Casey's new favorite way to get her throat fucked hard and deep is upside down. Impaled on a thick dildo, her breasts brutally bound and her nipples sucked into vacuum tubes. Her elbows tied tight and her arms pulled down into a painful strappado. Darling is strapped to an 'X' beam, spread and impaled on her own huge cock with a vibrator stuck on her clit.

We bring in a vibrator and hard cock for Casey. We start making her cum right from the get go. At the same time we fuck her tight little throat, pushing the cock all the way down, over and over. Casey can only moan, and steal air when she can. The lack of air makes her cum faster and harder, Cumming so hard takes away air, a vicious circle, and there is no escape from it. Soon Casey is deep in subspace, dazed and helpless to the cock fucking her skull. Her mouth hangs open, her eyes glazed over as the cock owns her throat. She has no will to stop it, her mouth becomes a pussy and we fuck it with reckless abandonment. 

We lower Casey after making her cum long and hard, so hard that she begs and pleads with us to stop making her cum. We put her on a table and bring her legs back in the perfect "fuck me" position. We pull out a cane and attack her feet and thighs. The pain mixes with the pleasure and Casey is heading to bye bye land again. The hard cock pushes into her wet pussy and a Category 5 brutal fucking ensues. The cock blasts Casey's tight little pussy, making her cum again and again. We insert 3 fingers and within seconds, Casey is screaming cumming and squirting like a fountain, cum soaring several feet into the air. We own Casey sexually, she knows it, and she is frightened that we really have that much power over her....

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/04_03ccalvert2/SexuallyBroken-Casey-Calvert-Darling-Matt-Williams-Tiny-Casey-Calvert-is-inverted-skull-fucked-pussy-fucked-nipple-tortured-squirts-like-a-fountain.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  
