Coast to Coast AM for May 05, 2013.  The Afterlife and Channeling
Note: These are the MP3 files provided by Coast to Coast AM's website. I am curious to see which format people enjoy better. Do you like the previous bumper music version? Or would you rather have it as the original mp3s. Let me know in the comments please! 
So far, MP3 version wins!

Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
Show for: May 05, 2013
Show description:
Host:
George Noory
Guests:
Jon Klimo, Amy Alkon
George Noory welcomed Prof. Jon Klimo for a discussion on suicide and the afterlife, as well as different forms of channeling, and the type of information that's been gleaned from it. The notion of hell has been used by organized religions as a way to control behavior as well as to dissuade people from committing suicide, he noted. While there's no absolute certitude as to what happens upon death, he's concluded that you go to a place that you make for yourself. In this lifetime, he explained, you're contributing to a kind of a spiritual code that runs as a counterpart to your physical existence, and when you die, you go into a dimension or astral plane where that code acts itself out and literally attracts new experiences and events to you. 
Those who familiarize themselves with what the death experience may be like while still alive, will be able to take advantage of the plasticity of the new environment in the afterlife, and quickly actualize things, as though in a lucid dream, he said. In contrast to when a person is physically alive, in the death state what was outside of you and external is now part of who you are, and your mind is immersed in a kind of larger interactive mind, he continued. In the classic channeled work, The Unobstructed Universe, deceased entities told Stewart Edward White that the afterlife presents a full picture and offers unlimited growth, while our perceptions in the physical world are obscured, and limited, Klimo recounted. 
Klimo described two different types of channeling-- one involves acting as a kind of go-between for entities to come through-- "they clairaudiently hear with the mind's ear or kind of get out of the way and let the discarnate...or transcendental presence...speak through them," or use their hand for automatic writing. The other type, which Klimo does himself, he calls "open channeling" and doesn't involve other entities. He consciously channels and is not in a trance, though he enters into an altered state and taps into the "mind at large." For more, check out a series of YouTube videos, in which Klimo further elucidates the ramifications of channeling. 
Combating Rudeness
First hour guest, advice columnist Amy Alkon (book link) talked about how to combat different forms of rudeness in society such as people talking loudly into their cell phones, and noisy neighbors. Rudeness is part of the human condition, but is exacerbated by people dealing with more strangers than our ancestors did, she explained. She shared some of the humorous and unconventional ways she's dealt with rude people. 
Regarding cell phones, one thing that many don't realize is that a one-sided conversation is more interruptive to a person nearby than a two-sided conversation, as a kind of "neural itching" takes place in the brain that makes the conversation harder to ignore, and thus more annoying, she said. When approaching neighbors over sound incursions, she suggested going in with the attitude that they're going to behave well, and saying something like "you probably didn't realize we could hear your music." 
News segment guests: Jerome Corsi, Mitch Battros 
Website(s):
jonklimo.com
Book(s):
Suicide: What Really Happens in the Afterlife?
Channeling
I See Rude People
