This Isn't Going to Be Quick so Please Be Patient
and please seed on for your Brothers and Sisters

BBC - Nile Rodgers The Hitmaker [MP4-AAC](oan)
 
http://nimga.com/m/KJ2vc.png

Nile Rodgers has sold over 100 million records. As the co-founder, songwriter
producer and guitarist of Chic he helped define the sound of the '70s, as
disco took the world by storm. Nile and musical partner Bernard Edwards
captured the essence of New York's iconic Studio 54 creating hits like Dance
Dance Dance, Le Freak and Good Times for Chic and We Are Family and Lost
In Music for struggling vocal group Sister Sledge. But the music that had
made Chic would also break them, thanks to the 'Disco Sucks' backlash. What
could have been the end for Nile Rodgers would actually be a new beginning
as a producer, helping create some of the biggest hits of the 80s for the
likes of Diana Ross, David Bowie, Madonna and Duran Duran.

In this profile documentary, the ever-charismatic Rodgers contributes an
engaging and often frank interview to tell the tale of how, born to Beatnik
heroin-addict parents in New York, he picked up a guitar as a teenager and
embarked on a journey to learn his craft as a musician, before becoming one
of disco's most successful artists

In the '70s and '80s he lived the party lifestyle thanks to his success with
Chic and as one of the music industry's hottest producers. Drugs and alcohol
would become part of everyday life for Nile, contributing in part to the break
up of Chic in the early '80s. The band would reform in the mid '90s, but their
return was quickly marked by tragedy with the death of Nile's long-time friend
and musical partner, Bernard Edwards in 1996.

Then in 2010 Nile was diagnosed with a particularly aggressive form of prostate
cancer, which last year he announced he had beaten. In spite of, or perhaps
because of this, Nile's talent and ambition remains undimmed, deservedly earning
himself the title of hardest-working man in pop, with Chic's seemingly
inexhaustible live performance schedule.

Nile Rodgers: The Hitmaker recounts a captivating and moving story of a man who
has created some of the most sparkling and ebullient pop music ever recorded.

Contributors include: Nile Rodgers' fellow Chic members, singers Norma Jean
Alfa Anderson and Fonzi Thornton and keyboard player Rob Sabino, as well as
recording engineers Bob Clearmountain and Robert Drake.

Other artists Nile has worked with talk passionately about his talents,
including Sister Sledge's Kathy Sledge; Bryan Ferry; Steve Winwood; Johnny Marr
La Roux's Elly Jackson; Valerie Simpson; Debbie Harry and Chris Stein from
Blondie and Duran Duran's John Taylor.
 
http://nimga.com/f/lQRaI.png
 
http://nimga.com/f/Kd2gH.png
 
http://nimga.com/f/96eQr.png

Format MPEG-4
File Size 641 MiB
Overall Bit Rate 1 509 Kbps
Duration 59mn 23s
Sample No
Subtitles No


Container avc1
Video Codec Type x264
Video bitrate 1 300 Kbps / 1 300 Kbps
Resolution 720 X 400 pixels
Aspect ratio(AR) 16:9
Quality Factor(QF) 0.181
Frame Rate 25.000 fps
Source me.lol


Audio Codec AAC
Bitrate Mode Variable
Bitrate 240 Kbps
Sample Rate 48.0 KHz
Channel Count 2 channels [Front: L R]
Spoken language English


Ripped by....: oneanight (oan)
Posted by....: oneanight (oan) on 06 of April 2013