
Hit the speed of heat in the newest, fastest, most visually stunning edition of the famed Asphalt series.
A FIRST-CLASS LINEUP
Drive 60 different cars from the worldΓÇÖs most prestigious manufacturers, like Ferrari, Lamborghini and Aston Martin, including the legendary DeLorean.

RACE ACROSS THE GLOBE
Gear up to race on 15 tracks set in real cities around the world, including brand new tracks in Hawaii, Paris, London, Miami and Rio.

CHALLENGE THE WORLD
The completely revamped multiplayer lets you take on up to 5 of your friends locally or online. Keep track of whoΓÇÖs the best with the new Asphalt Tracker that lets you compare stats, show off achievements and challenge rivals. You can also find new online opponents with the matchmaking system. Practice hard, because there are special events that will pit you against the best in the world!

YOUR WAY OR THE HIGHWAY
Play however you please with 6 different game modes packed with 15 leagues and 150 different races.

CUTTING EDGE GRAPHICS 
Every car and track is more beautiful than ever thanks to graphics that push the limits of your device.

A RECORD OF SUCCESS
Acclaimed by both media and players, the Asphalt franchise has already attracted several million players worldwide... Come and join the ride!

For fans of racing, driving simulation and multiplayer Android games.

Minimum hardware requirements to play Asphalt 7:

- 1 GHz CPU
- 512 MB RAM
- Adreno 205 GPU, equivalent or better
- 1.2 GB storage space
For optimal performance, we recommend closing other applications and restarting your device before playing Asphalt 7.

What's in this version:
NEW SUPER CARS & EVENT TYPES
If you've got what it takes -- prove it!
- Don't miss the MAZDA FURAI.
- Are you able to tame the Marussia B2? Harness the power!
- The new Alpine A110-50, a modern spin on a classic speed machine! Beat every event to win this car piece by piece!
- Are you classy enough to drive the Plymouth Prowler and the JAGUAR XKR-S convertible?
- The level cap has been raised and there are new limited-time cups.
- Unlimited Money and Stars! o/


Instructions:
Copy 'com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftA7HM' folder to sdcard/Android/obb/
Install APK 
Launch the game (run online@ 1st run)

Note:
To change language back in english - press setting option then 4th n then select u.s flag...

Note 2:
If u already have 1.06 Obb files, no need to download again!
