SolidCAM 2012 [64bit] SP6 - [MUMBAI]


SolidCAM presents revolutionary iMachining in action and the World Premiere of SolidCAM 2012 at SolidWorks World 2012. Wherever and whenever the revolutionary iMachining for SolidCAM is shown, the result is always the same ΓÇô astonishment! "Seeing is believing", as the newly initiated say they would not have believed the claims of up to 70% savings in machining time and dramatic tool life increase, if they had not just seen iMachining in action for themselves.

The same holds true for SolidCAM's 2012 release. With its new time saving "Parallel Computing", incredible new graphics and advanced cutting functionality, the obvious challenge for SolidCAM is to get people to understand and believe the advancements by showing, to as many people as possible, SolidCAM 2012 and iMachining in action. SolidCAM meets this challenge head-on with their participation in SolidWorks World 2012, in San Diego, CA, taking the show experience for attendees to an entirely new level.

For 11 years, SolidCAM has participated in SolidWorks World to give highlights of their product innovations and a chance to meet with SolidWorks resellers and users to fully understand exactly what it takes to be the best integrated CAM for SolidWorks.

This year, SolidCAM take its participation to an entirely new level with a laser focus on showing actual product programming and part cutting. Advances in HSM, automated sim. 5 axis SWARF cutting and expanded Turning Tool Catalog are also featured. Dr. Emil Somekh, Managing Director of SolidCAM commented, ΓÇ£the advancements that we have made in SolidCAM and iMachining are just incredible. If I did not get a chance to see them in action on a daily basis and hear the amazing feedback from our customers, I likely would not have believed how powerful they are. Our greatest challenge now is just getting the opportunity for people to actually experience SolidCAM and iMachining, so they too can be convinced this is for real".



By:- MUMBAI
My Torrents:   http://thepiratebay.sx/user/MUMBAI1/


For any Support or request visit TPB forum                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/ 				