In 1994 Strategic Simulations Inc. (SSI) released a title that would change the face of strategy gaming forever. Panzer General delivered an exceptionally easy to learn gameplay system and was such a captivating game that it became a benchmark for future designers for years to come.

In 2011 a project developed by The Lordz Games Studio and Flashback Games, published by Slitherine, will see fans of the series rejoice for the release of Panzer Corps. Following in the footsteps of the popular SSI masterpiece and sharing with the General series the same level of engagement and strategic depth, Panzer Corps will keep an unmistakable “PG feeling” whilst improving and refining the gameplay and balance.

Iain McNeil, director of Development at Slitherine said: “With this game we are trying to bring the golden age of strategy gaming back to its roots. This game is Slitherine”s homage to one of the greatest strategy titles of all time and we are working hard to ensure we capture the flavor of that masterpiece, yet update it with features and a graphical style that will appeal to a modern strategy gamer”.

Panzer Corps will feature 26 scenarios on 21 unique maps, covering most major battles of the European Theatre of World War II and including a few hypothetical ”what if” scenarios based on your actions.

Tim van der Moer, Managing Director of The Lordz Games Studio said: “There are many World War II strategy games out there, but Panzer Corps will blow you away. We are putting all our efforts to make a memorable game, that can stand the test of time the way Panzer General did”.

Usenet”s Wargame of the Year 2011 and Gold Medal, GamersHall Bronze for Strategy Game of the Year, The Wargamer`s Editorial Gold Award and The Wargamer`s Community Silver Award for The Best Wargame of the Year 2011!

OS: XP / Vista / 7 / 8

CPU: Intel Pentium IV - 2,4 GHz / AMD Athlon XP - 1,8 GHz

512 MB RAM

Video card: 64 MB (GeForce 3 / Radeon 8500)

HD : 615 MB


Install and play 