Everyone is crunched for time these days, and on a tight budget as well. When we are always so short of time and money, how can we ever feed our families well? Convenience foods and takeout all cost far more than cooking at home. They are certainly NOT as healthy. So what is a responsible parent supposed to do?

Look to your own kitchen and especially your freezer for help. In this guide, you will discover 30+ recipes that can be made ahead FROM SCRATCH, frozen, and thawed in minutes in the oven or microwave. With the help of this guide, you can put a piping hot meal in front of the whole family for pennies on the dollar compared with the cost of eating out, takeout, or TV dinners.

You will know EXACTLY what you are feeding your family as you create these mouthwatering recipes, rather than anything from a can or box. You will be able to offer them breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert options that they can eat at home or even on the run. Fast food will be a thing of the past as your family devours your delicious homemade breakfast burritos, hearty burgers and more.

Use each recipe on its own, or in combination, to help create a complete meal, from appetizer to main course, side dishes plus dessert. Be able to serve anyone an impressive hot meal at any time, even if guests arrive unexpectedly.

Stock your freezer before the holidays or school vacations so you will never have to worry about what to feed the children when they are home, or what your family is eating when you are not there. All they will have to do is take out one of these tasty dishes from the freezer, heat and eat any time.

From Homemade Chili to hearty Chicken Pot Pies, Bean Burritos to Bonbons, you will find a range of recipes for every occasion and every eating lifestyle, including vegetarian options. You will never have to wonder what's for dinner again once you pack your freezer with these homemade, wholesome foods.

If you are looking to feed your family for less and spend quality time with them more often, use this guide to get started on the road to more nutritious eating without having to slave in the kitchen for hours every night or reading food labels for ages in the supermarket wondering what's in the things you are buying.

Discover how easy it is to make your own fresh tomato sauce, salsa, vegetable stock and more. From soup to jams, your own pie crusts to casseroles, these make-ahead and freeze meals are sure to please and soon become family favorites.

In fact, why not double the batches, eat one tonight, and parcel up and freeze the rest for future meals? The smiles on your family's faces and your healthier bank balance will make you glad you did.