See what you've been missing.

The world's most robust Automatic Photo Correction in the convenience of a Photoshop Plug-In. 12 Corrections. 1 Click.

Perfectly Clear Photoshop Plug-in instantly gives you one click correction to perfection. Simply load the Plug-in and your selected photo will be automatically corrected. By applying over 10 patented corrections and 10 years of scientific research, Perfectly Clear saves you time while producing accurately beautiful photos.

It works on both 8 bit and 16 bit images within Photoshop (raw files are converted using Adobe Camera Raw).

It works on both 32 and 64 bit Operating Systems.
It works on layers.
It works on a selection.
It works with actions.

Perfectly Clear promises:

1. The easiest and fastest way to improve every photo you take – saving you time, and
2. The highest quality photos you can imagine – what we call superior photos.

Fast and Easy

Think back and remember your excitement at taking your first great photo. Wasn't that fun? Now contrast that with today's world where the fun of taking photos has been marred by having to spend minutes to hours to days editing your photos and enhancing them and sorting them and storing them …

Imagine a world where you would have the fun and excitement of taking great photos and not have the burden of spending hours trying to edit them and fix them. You're now imagining a Perfectly Clear world – a world where a smart software system does something even better than edit your photos – a world where one click actually corrects all of your photos – fully automatically. Let's say you've just shot 500 photos. Now imagine batch processing all 500 images using Actions in Photoshop. Automatically! A Perfectly Clear world.

The Plugin displays for you the before and after photo so you can easily determine if you want to fine tune any of them. And here's the good news. Fine tuning a Perfectly Clear photo is fun and instant. Here's why. It's the only system where all corrections function independently. Therefore the magic is you're tweaking your photos with independent controls. This means that if, for example, you want to tweak the exposure you won't mess up the photo's vibrancy, or if you want to tweak the sharpness you won't affect the color etc. Experience the magic of independent controls – fine tuning photos in seconds. You can also quickly select another preset to apply automatically to your photo or create your own custom one.

So Perfectly Clear Photoshop Plug-in is all about quick, easy and fast – it's all about saving vast amounts of time and putting the fun, and yes profit, back into photography … and it's also about getting high quality photos – superior photos to any other method. The key is that Perfectly Clear ‘corrects photos – it doesn't enhance photos. A corrected photo is superior to an “enhanced” photo, and not by a little but by a lot, and here's why.

Perfectly Clear means Superior Quality Photos

There are multiple reasons why a Perfectly Clear photo is superior to other photos. Perfectly Clear reproduces what the eye sees by “adding back” the eye function that a camera lacks. By better reproducing what the eye sees, Perfectly Clear photos elicit enthusiastic responses from participants, audiences and photographers alike. Photography is the art of eliciting emotion, and Perfectly Clear does it best.

This is only possible because Perfectly Clear applies 10 patented and patent pending processes in a very precise and rigorous way, replicating how the eye gathers light and overcoming the 15 ways your camera distorts your photos. Whether a camera is expensive or off the shelf, it still embodies limitations such as the single aperture which need to be overcome. Perfectly Clear makes its corrections while avoiding the pitfalls that all other editing and enhancement software introduce. And Perfectly Clear ensures quality through the auto – correction applying a comprehensive suite of 12 corrections, yet it is smart enough to only apply the ones that a particular photo needs to be improved.

Quality award winning photos demands the three things Perfect Photos need: accurate colors, perfect exposure emulating the human eye and preservation of color nuances and details.

But it's important to us that you make an informed decision. Perfectly Clear has been tested on millions of images and here's just some of the world's leading photography companies that deploy Perfectly Clear corrections in the totally automatic environments of their photo kiosks, mini-labs, online solutions and software.

There are dozens of companies already using Perfectly Clear

And we hope you'll agree that the power of Perfectly Clear is well articulated in this case study of Adobe Photoshop users. You'll also want to check out these articles and testimonials - and as you can see, these Picture Galleries show a Perfectly Clear photo is worth more than a thousand words.

01 Perfect Exposure -We'll correct exposure pixel per pixel, never clipping.
02 Color Vibrancy -Accurately fix those photos that look like they've been washed out by the sun.
03 Noise Removal -Automatically detects noisy images, and only removes noise if needed while preserving image details.
04 Tint Removal -We'll automatic remove those nasty tints from tungsten, fluorescent, incandescent, IR, etc light sources.
05 Depth (Contrast) -People like to see photos with lots of depth (a 3D look) on 2D paper.
06 Sharpening -Simple to use, yet very powerful. Artifact free.
07 Skin Tone -Your camera capture infra-red in skin tones but your eye doesn't see it. We can remove this.
08 Light Diffusion -Create a softer, warmer look.
09 Red-eye removal -Automatically detects and removes. Enough said.
10 Color Fidelity -Ensure the proper purples and greens are in your photos.
11 Color - Vivid -Add an accurate color boost to your photos.
12 Dynamic Range -Get the full range of Exposure.

System Requirements

* Windows O/S : Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 (32 and 64 bit)
* Photoshop CS3 / CS4 / CS5 / CS6
* Elements 8, 9, 10, 11
* 2 GB of RAM (4 GB recommended)

Languages : English, French, Deutsch, Português (Brasileiro)

Homepage :  
http://www.athentech.com/photoshop-plug-in.html