
Release: King Of The Gypsies [Brooke Shields] (1978) DVDRip Oldies
Title: King Of The Gypsies
Title in Brazil: Rei dos Ciganos
Uploader: labok
Size: 1,46 GB
Genre: Drama
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 112 mins
Resolução: 720 x 416
Video Codec: XVID  
Subtittles: No
Audio Codec: AC-3  
Taxa de Biltrate: 192 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 6,3 (awaiting 556 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077807/
Directed By:  Frank Pierson

Starring:  

Sterling Hayden ... King Zharko Stepanowicz
Shelley Winters ... Queen Rachel
Susan Sarandon ... Rose
Judd Hirsch ... Groffo 
Eric Roberts ... Dave
Brooke Shields ... Tita
Annette O'Toole ... Sharon 
Annie Potts ... Persa 
Michael V. Gazzo ... Spiro Giorgio 

Synopis:

King of the Gypsies deals with the criminal ways and violent lives of a group of modern-day Gypsies based in New York City. Whilst on his deathbed their "king", Zharko Stepanowicz (Sterling Hayden), passes his position of leadership on to his unwilling grandson, Dave (Eric Roberts). In spite of Dave's reluctance to become the Gypsies' new leader, Dave's father, Groffo (Judd Hirsch), is sufficiently insecure and resentful over not winning the title himself that he attempts to have his own son killed. This leads to a major confrontation, and the film ends with the implication that Dave may finally accept his legacy with his voiceover musings about somehow bringing the rest of the tradition-bound Gypsies forward in time into the world of 20th Century customs and lifestyles.        
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
Esse filme retrata a vida criminosa e violenta de um grupo de ciganos na moderna Nova Iorque. Seu "rei", Zharko Stepanowicz (Sterling Hayden), em seu leito de morte passa a liderança para seu neto, Dave (Eric Roberts). Apesar da recusa de Dave para se tornar o rei dos ciganos, o pai de Dave, Groffo (Judd Hirsch), fica irritado e inseguro e prefere ver Dave morto. Isto, naturalmente, leva a um grande confronto, eo filme termina de forma ambígua, o que implica que Dave pode tornar-se rei dos ciganos, afinal. Irmã de Dave, Tita, é interpretada por Brooke Shields, e sua namorada, Sharon, é interpretada por Annette O'Toole. Este foi o segundo filme consecutivo em que Susan Sarandon e Brooke Shields interpretaram mãe e filha, após Pretty Baby.
 

