Trials Evolution: Gold Edition marks the Trials franchise’s triumphant return to the PC gaming platform. RedLynx’s signature franchise, the Trials series first made its mark in gaming with the 2008 release of Trials 2 SE for the PC. That breakout indie success led to further success on the Xbox, but ever since then PC gamers have been clamoring for more Trials. Trials Evolution: Gold Edition is what they have been waiting for.

The Gold Edition Is Two Trials In One

Trials Evolution: Gold Edition will contain all the content of the original, best-selling XBLA game Trials Evolution. In addition, all of the single player tracks and skill games from Trials HD will be found in Trials Evolution – effectively doubling the content offering with two complete games, neither of which have ever before been available on PC.

OPTIMIZED AND ENHANCED FOR PC
Trials Evolution: Gold Edition will be optimized and enhanced for the PC gaming platform. All of the features of its forerunners – from the in-game editor, player sharing of tracks, and global Leader Boards, will be re-integrated into the game in a way that fits the new platform.

Key Features

Multiplayer
Track Editor
Indoor and Outdoor environments
Bike and rider customizations
Global competition

Title: Trials Evolution: Gold Edition
Genre: Action, Racing
Developer: Redlynx Ltd , Ubisoft Shanghaï
Publisher: Ubisoft
Release Date: Mar 21, 2013
Languages: English, German, French, Italian, Korean, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Russian, Japanese, Dutch, Portuguese-Brazil

Trials Evolution Gold Edition v1.02 Update-SKIDROW
SIZE: 205 MB

Minimum:

OS:Windows Vista SP2 or Windows 7
Processor:Intel Core®2 Duo E6700 @ 2.6 GHz or AMD Athlon64 X2 6000+ @ 3.0Ghz
Memory:2 GB RAM
Graphics:DirectX® 10 compliant, 512 Mb video memory
DirectX®:11
Hard Drive:4 GB HD space
Sound:DirectX 9.0c compatible
Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connection
Requires a UPlay account

Recommended:

OS:Windows 7 64-bit / Windows 8
Processor:Quad-core Intel or AMD CPU
Memory:4 GB RAM
Graphics:DirectX® 11 compliant, 1024 Mb video memory
DirectX®:11
Hard Drive:5 GB HD space
Sound:DirectX 9.0c compatible
Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connection
Requires a UPlay account

NOTE: Remember to update game with previous1.01 update, before applying this v1.02 Update!

Trials Evolution Gold Edition v1.02 Update info:

- Fix bugs.
- Player can invite steam friends in online mode.
- Addintegration in the game.