Are you dog-tired of being short on cash?
Is your memory getting weaker?
Are you fed up with buzzard luck?
Do you want to attract better?
Does anxiety trouble you?
Do you wish you had better instincts?
Is stress getting to you?
Are pains slowing you down?
Are you finally ready to be at your ideal weight?

This is a life-altering online event that will help you vaporize these problems with mind tools that really work. Welcome to the Ultimate You Mindfest!

This free online event features 15 audio sessions to help rid you of the bee stings of life and help you experience its full-blown potential.

It was available freely for one week only from:
 www.learningstrategies.com/UltimateYouMindfest


Your host, Paul R. Scheele, Ph.D., knows how the human mind works. He has devoted the last 40 years to understanding just how to get quick and lasting results in your quest to live a great life, to be the ultimate you. And he is turning his attention to you.

Each day of the brand new Ultimate You Mindfest you will receive 20 to 40 minutes of radical mentoring and breakthrough coaching. You'll get practical tips, techniques, and insights that you can use right away in your life. The advice will be immediate and practical.

Then you will listen to your new secret weapon: an unmatched audio technology that can literally guide your brain to bring you:
• More money
• A Great Memory
• Fearless Living
• The Midas Touch
• Gut Instinct
• Perfect Health
• Your Ideal Weight

All you will have to do is push play, close your eyes, relax, and listen to one of the eight "Paraliminal" sessions featured during the Ultimate You Mindfest.

It is really that simple. Just think of what you want, and drift into a peaceful world of relaxing music, nature sounds, and words. Your mind will immediately – and gently – begin learning how to serve you best.

When you listen with stereo headphones, you will hear a voice in each ear speaking to different parts of your brain so that you learn on a very deep level how to do things differently – more successfully – in your life.

Special "Holosync" audio tones from Centerpointe Research Institute are embedded in the recordings so that you automatically enter the ideal brain state for relaxation and learning, making the Paraliminal experience even more effective than ever.

Paraliminals are indeed unusual, and you will find them safe, quite pleasurable, and very effective as over 600,000 people already know.
