


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Fire and Brimstone Vol 19 - The Approaching Cataclysm

a

POtHS Comment: Out to the "Woodshed" with you.

Description:The Jesuit Order & The Counter Reformation:
This is a must see presentation.  Learn the history of the Roman Catholic Church and their militia the Jesuit Order not taught in school textbooks.  Their counter reformation movement defeated the Protestant Reformation and its Sola Scriptora doctrine at the Council of Trent which opened the doors into the infiltration of modern Christian churches, run in secret by the RCC.

Now, the Jesuit Order has manipulated the various Protestant and other Christian denominations into an unscriptural twisted dogma removing loving obediance of God's laws, chararcter and righteousness and supplanting them with teachings on Sola Grace.  Using the thesis/anti-thesis arguments to change the church mindset into abandoning Godly inspired scripture of the orginal early churches preached for centuries to an indoctrinated Roman Catholic Sunday Worship and commandments made by men.

Thus separating the church from the spiritual blessings ordained by God into themselves into further bondage.  Since the fall of the Protestant Reformation, the world has undergone onslaught of this false doctrine setting the course of churches and nations onto destruction and giving rise to the upcoming New World Order and Religion.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE APPROACHING CATACLYSM Guest David Brennan
Something very strange has been taking place in the world. It has gone largely unnoticed because the events in question have been separated, in some cases, by years. It began in 1991 and continues to this day.

Since 1991, the timing of a number of catastrophic events closely mirrors the timing of actions taken that would be considered negative for the state of Israel.

These events are well documented. Since 1991, there have been ten documented catastrophes that have occurred with timing that has coincided with efforts to remove the "Promised Land" from Israel. Long ago, the ancient Hebrew scriptures warned of cataclysms that would result from these actions against Israel.

But, there is more. Straight from the pages of these ancient Hebrew scriptures and into today's headlines is an international group which was described in detail over 2500 years ago. It now appears that the actions of this group may impact the world in a way never before imagined.

The Israel Omen explores the connections between the prophecies of the past and the events of today. Read it and you may never see news about the Middle East or catastrophes in the same light again.




                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
