Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino, starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel. On October 5, 2000, the series debuted on The WB to widespread critical acclaim and remained a tent-pole to the WB until it was cancelled in its seventh season, ending on May 15, 2007 on The CW.

The show follows single mother Lorelai Gilmore (Graham) and her daughter Rory Gilmore (Bledel) living in the fictional town of Stars Hollow, Connecticut, a town filled with colorful characters, located approximately 30 minutes from Hartford, Connecticut. Ambition, education, and work constitute part of the series' central concerns, telling Lorelai's story from pregnant teen runaway and high school dropout to co-owner and manager of the Dragonfly Inn. Rory's transition from public school to the prestigious Chilton is similarly followed, exploring her ambition to study at an Ivy League college and to become a foreign correspondent. The show's social commentary manifests most clearly in Lorelai's difficult relationship with her wealthy, appearances-obsessed parents, Emily and Richard Gilmore, and in the interactions between the students at Chilton, and later, Yale University.

Gilmore Girls is known for its fast-paced dialogue filled with pop-culture references. The show earned several award nominations, notably winning one Emmy Award. It was also critically acclaimed as it placed No. 32 on Entertainment Weekly's "New TV Classics" list, and was listed as one of Time magazine's "All-TIME 100 TV Shows" in 2007.

Source: DVD
Format: x264 MKV
Audio: English (Original untouched)
Quality: Hight Profile, Level 4.1, Constant Quality 19 RF, "Very Slow" Preset

Quality for Season 1 is a bit on the weak side, but the source DVD is to blame for that. I compared the source to the rip and there is almost no difference. The compression artifacts, the graining, the soft image - it is almost exactly as the source.

There were no extras for season 6 available.