Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro

Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro is a popular one-step online video downloader and converter to help to fast download and convert online movies for playing on personal computer, portable device, mobile phone, mp4 player, television and more with ease. The powerful Video Downloader tool can save online videos in HD, HQ and 3D movies and then convert to MP4, AVI, WMV, MOV, MKV, FLV, MPG, VOB and etc for playback on a great variety of digital devices including iPad mini, iPad, iPod, iPhone, Google Nexus, Microsoft Surface, Kindle Fire, BlackBerry, Apple TV, Zune, PSP, PS3, Pocket PC, Creative Zen, Xbox, Archos and more.

The all-in-one Video Downloader and Converter is not only an easy-to-use movie converter and downloader tool but also a powerful audio downloader which can extract music from online video and then convert to MP3, AAC, AC3, WAV, WMA, FLAC, OGG, and more.

Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro supports to download videos instantly in HD 720p, HD 1080p, HD 2k, ultra high definition (4K), 3D video and stand definition with a single click from almost all popular video sharing websites likeGoogle Videos, Metacafe, eHow, Vimeo, MTV, BBC, Dailymotion, etc. and automatically convert the downloaded videos to almost all popular video and audio formats.

Key Features:

Save Online Videos
With the power of fast saving online videos, the online video downloader enables to download a whole lot videos and playlists with high quality.
Convert Online Videos
The powerful online video converter helps to convert online videos to many popular video formats in real time after downloading high-quality videos by simply pasting URL(s). It can be used as a MP4 Converter, iPod Converter, and more.
Convert Video to MP3, WAV, M4A
The smart video downloader is also an audio downloader tool like video to MP3 downloader which helps to convert online video to MP3 songs with high quality by transferring video and extracting audio tracks to MP3, WMA, WAV, AC3, M4A, FLAC, OGG, AIFF and etc. All online music video can be easily organized in music library with help of the music downloader and converter.
Download Video Playlist
The favorite playlist downloader has the ability to download online video and convert as opposed to just one video. It helps to transfer and convert music playlist to MP3 in background.
Save High-quality Video
It is quite simple to set the video quality you want like 3D video download, HD video download when converting the videos with the outstanding Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro.
Adjust Volume
This video converter supports increasing the video and audio volume when converting the downloaded videos from various video sharing sites.
Easy-to-use
Simply paste a URL from browser, select conversion profile and press "Download" button. It's that simple. A huge number of converted online videos are ready to play now.
Designed for Windows 8, Windows 7
Bigasoft Video Downloader Pro is fully compatible with 64bit/32bit Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

System Requirements: 

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register Application with any serial/name.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.