
  Hooded Fang - Gravez (2013) [FLAC]

  Released: 2013
  Duration: 30:27
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Indie Rock, Indie Pop, Alternative
  Source: CD (log + cue)
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 900 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz

  01 Dry Range Intro 
  02 Graves 
  03 Ode to Subterrania 
  04 Bye Bye Land 
  05 Wasteland 
  06 Sailor Bull 
  07 Trasher 
  08 Never Minding 
  09 Genes 
  10 Dry Range Outro

  Formed in 2007, Canadian indie rockers Hooded Fang burst onto the scene in 2008 with their debut EP, which pitted jarring, angular guitar rock against a surf-tinged Wall of Sound that drew comparisons to bands like Thee Oh Sees, Black Lips, and Broken Social Scene. Album, their first long-player, arrived in 2010 and received a coveted Polaris Prize Nomination. Tosta Mista, the group's sophomore outing and their first for U.K. label Full Time Hobby, arrived in 2012, followed quickly by Gravez in 2013.

  After releasing an album in 2010 (Album) that was a straightforward, danceable slice of sweet indie pop, then following it up with an EP of rollicking garage rockers (Tosta Mista) in 2012, the Toronto quartet Hooded Fang switch things up on their 2013 album Gravez by getting leaner, darker, and noisier. Recorded mostly in bedrooms and basements, the album has a raw-and-ready sound that threatens to overload circuits and frazzle speakers, yet the group members maintain such a degree of tight control over their playing that the songs are tightly coiled bolts of energy that hit very hard. The frantic tracks like "Graves" and "Sailor Bull" that feature Lane Halley and Daniel Lee's guitars wrapping around each other like twin downed power lines, D. Alex Meeks' drums blasting off like fireworks, and April Aliermo's bass holding it all down are balanced with songs ("Ode to Subterrania," "Genes") that dial back the noise and tempo in favor of a heavy grooving, '70s German feel, and a couple midtempo songs that sound like they learned a thing or two about dynamic tension from the Pixies along the way ("Bye Bye Land," "Trasher"). 

  Throughout it all, Daniel Lee's vocals are on the verge of distortion as he howls, cajoles, croons, and generally steals the show. His vocals were strong on previous releases, but he really ramps it up here, making it sound like he's barely hanging on as the music roils around him. It's a star-making performance that, when added to the excellent guitar work, the live-wire production, and the thrilling amount of energy the group puts into the songs and performances, makes Gravez pretty special overall. The band's mastery of various styles, moods, and sounds here is impressive, and while it bodes well for future albums, it also means that Hooded Fang have arrived as one of the most exciting indie rock/pop bands around in 2013.