This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Monkees - The Monkees Present (1969)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41P440EQSHL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Mark Deming):

"Hey hey, we are the Monkees/You know we love to please/A manufactured image/With no philosophies." In 1968, the Monkees addressed their own reputation in the song "Ditty Diego (War Chant)," which summed up the bad rap they'd received in the music press since they first emerged in the summer of 1966. The Monkees were talented singers, musicians, and songwriters who made a handful of the finest pop singles of their day (as well as a few first-rate albums) and delivered exciting, entertaining live shows. But at a time when rock music was becoming more self-conscious and "serious," the hipper echelons of the music press often lambasted the Monkees, largely because they didn't come together organically but through the casting process for a television series, and they initially didn't write the bulk of their own material or play all the instruments on their records. The fact they later took creative control of their music was often overlooked, and the quality of their music, which featured the work of some of the finest session players and songwriters of the 1960s, often seemed to be beside the point. Time has ultimately vindicated the Monkees, and their music still sounds fresh and engaging decades after it was recorded, but in some circles they never fully shook being branded as "the Pre-Fab Four," no matter how far they moved from the circumstances that brought them together.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-monkees-p4940/biography

All Music Album Review (by Tim Sendra):

The Monkees Present was initially planned as a double LP with each member of the group taking a side for himself. When Peter Tork left the band, the idea was scrapped, but the idea of every Monkee for themselves wasn’t. Apart from the two Boyce and Hart songs that were rescued from earlier sessions from 1966 (and probably should have stayed in the can), all the songs were recorded in late 1968 and 1969 by Davy Jones, Mike Nesmith, and Mickey Dolenz separately. While it could have made for a scattered LP that made no sense musically, instead Nesmith’s intricate country-rock, Jones’ jazzy, showy ballads, and Dolenz’ alternately crazed and intimate songs managed to fit together quite well. It helped that each member was operating near the peak of their skills. Nesmith’s "Listen to the Band" is a slight song but a brilliant sonic experiment, and "Good Clean Fun" rollicks like the best country music should. Jones’ "If I Knew" is sweeter than lemonade with extra sugar, and "French Song" shows off his impressive skills as a theatrical balladeer to great effect. Dolenz seems to be operating on some kind of insane plane of existence as he croons through the manic "Little Girl" like he’s barely holding on, howls through the pounding "Bye Bye Baby Bye Bye" like a manic pixie, channels his inner Nilsson on "Pillow Time," and basically loses it on the quite intense "Mommy and Daddy." Both musically and lyrically, he takes some real chances on these tracks: something he’d never do again. The level of commitment and craft the members invested in the album was impressive considering they had lost their TV show and really had no reason to exist anymore. Soon after the album’s release, Nesmith quit the group to make his own excellent solo albums, while Jones and Dolenz were left to carry on. As a last gasp though, The Monkees Present is better than it could have been, and a solid note for the band as a creative unit to go out on.[The 1994 Rhino reissue adds a demo of Nesmith’s "Calico Girlfriend" (done samba style), a spoken word effort by Jones, a hilariously square radio promo, and enlightening alternate versions of "Listen to the Band" (with expanded instrumental sections) and "Mommy and Daddy" (with different lyrics that were far too chilling to unleash on any lingering pre-teen fans the band may have accidentally still had).]

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-monkees-present-r13310/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000033E9

Track List:

01. Little Girl
02. Good Clean Fun
03. If I Knew
04. Bye Bye Baby Bye Bye
05. Never Tell A Woman Yes
06. Looking For The Good Times
07. Ladies Aid Society
08. Listen To The Band
09. French Song
10. Mommy And Daddy
11. Oklahoma Backroom Dancer
12. Pillow Time
13. Calico Girlfriend Samba (Previously Unissued)
14. The Good Earth (Previously Unissued)
15. Listen To The Band (Previously Unissued Version)
16. Mommy And Daddy (Previously Unissued Version)
17. The Monkees Present Radio Promo (Previously Unissued)
