                       
                       PART  489


                              
                TITIYO  -  Come Along  (2001)                                
                NELLY FURTADO  -  All Good Things (Come to an End)  (2006)
                NORAH JONES  - Chasing Pirates  (2009)

        

         Titiyo was born in Stockholm, Sweden, to Ahmadu Jah, a Sierra Leonean drummer, and Maylen Bergström. She is the half-sister of singer Neneh Cherry, and stepsister to Eagle-Eye Cherry.

        She fronted her own band in 1987 and played the Stockholm circuit, and signed with a local label, Telegram, in 1989. She also sang background vocals for a range of Swedish artists, including Army of Lovers and Jakob Hellman. In 1989, Titiyo released her self-titled debut album, which topped at #3 in Sweden, and was released in the United States, and became one of the contributions to a Swedish R & B wave in the US that lasted throughout the nineties.Titiyo took a two-year break and returned in 1993 with the Aretha Franklin cover "Never Let Me Go" (#25 in Sweden), later included on her second full-length "This is Titiyo".  Her third album, "Extended", appeared in 1997, producing the hit single "Josefin Dean" .In 2001, Titiyo revitalised her career with her successful fourth studio album "Come Along", spawning the international hit single of the same name.
Titiyo released her fifth album, "Hidden", late 2008. The album mainly feature self-penned material but also results of collaborations with the likes of Kleerup, Moto Boy, and Goran Kajfes of Oddjob. So far videos for "Stumble to Fall" and "Awakening" have been released.         

         "All Good Things (Come to an End)" is a pop song written by Canadian singer Nelly Furtado, Timbaland, Danja and Chris Martin for Furtado's third album, "Loose" (2006). It was co-produced by Timbaland and Danja and released as the album's third European single in November 2006. The single featured Chris Martin, frontman of the band Coldplay, harmonizing throughout the song. 
        The single reached number four in the United Kingdom. In countries such as the Netherlands and Austria, it peaked higher than "Maneater" and "Promiscuous", and it became Furtado's first number-one hit in the Netherlands and Germany, where it was the second most successful single of 2007. It reached number one in twenty countries, including Switzerland and Austria. The song was released as the fourth single from "Loose" in the U.S. and Australia. It debuted at number twenty on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, rising to number fifteen in its third week; in June, after descending the chart, it rose to a new peak of number twelve, and it remained on the chart for twenty-one weeks and eventually gained platinum status for shipments of 70,000 units

          "Chasing Pirates" is the first single by  Norah Jones from her fourth album, "The Fall". It was released exclusively to iTunes on Tuesday, October 13, 2009. The song also had its North American radio station premiere on the defunct 97.3 EZ Rock from Toronto, Ontario, Canada on October 9, 2009.
"Chasing Pirates" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, becoming Jones's third nominations, after "Don't Know Why" and "Sunrise". Jones lost this in this category for the first time. The song entered the Adult Album Alternative charts on October 21, 2009 at #13.It became the highest entry by a female artist on that chart since Alanis Morissette's "Everything" in 2004. The last single by a female artist to chart at a higher position was another single by Jones, "Sunrise." The song entered on the Irish Singles Chart for the first time on #39.  
     