{As far as I know the Series of Mark Woodman is not available on Pirate Bay..}
(Christian or Non Christian, you will find this Interesting..)

{Credit to the Person who commented below}

The series is titled "God's Final Call", and each lecture is presented by one man, a South African Named Mark Woodman. It was recorded in 2007 in Australia.

The series comprises 22 lectures, each independent, and tackling a different area of inquiry.

Although they can be watched in isolation, some of the information will be more fully understood if Each is viewed in sequence.
 
Mark is incredibly watchable. He's passionate, and he explains Biblical concepts with a clarity and depth of understanding that I've never been exposed to before.

He reveals the true character of the Bible. 

He does a phenomenal job of breaking it all down. 
 
He presents well-sourced evidence of everything from the identity of the Biblical Anti-Christ to the manipulation of the mind by the media.

He looks at HAARP and "Project Blue beam",
The New World Order
The New Age Movement
He looks into the Jesuits
The Knights of Malta
The Rosicrucians
The Freemasons and many other "secret orders" and what they represent.
 
The vast majority is information I've never heard anywhere else.

It's all there, bang, bang, bang. He connects all the dots for you.

No vague clues or subtle hints.

The lectures are all copyright free. You can download or mirror them anywhere you like. 
 

Each Sermon has 2 Episodes except Sermon 5.

01 – Is it the End of the World? 
02 – Who is God?  
03 – Structure of Prophecy 
04 – Revelations 777 – 
05 – Who is the Antichrist 
06 – The Seat of the Dragon 
07 – Unity Towards the East 
08 – All Roads Lead to Rome 
09 – Son vs Sun – the Evolution Debate 
10 – What happens When We Die? 
11 – The Poison in the Passion of the Christ 
12 – Battle for the Mind 
13 – The New Age Agenda 
14 – Christian Deceptions 
15 – Signs and Lying Wonders 
16 – An Image to the Beast 
17 – A New World Order 
18 – The 3 Angels Message 
19 – Earth’s Final Warning 
20 – The Final Confrontation 
21 – A Gift of Prophecy 
22 – From Creation to Restoration 
23 – It’s Closer than you Think 
