


 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


Holy Treasures

 

POtHS - Holy Treasures - 37 - Lost Secrets


POtHS says: Pyramids and Giants in AMERICA????................YES.

Description:
Proof Ancient Giants existed documentary.:
Uploader comments...  There is too much knowledge and discoveries being swept under the carpet in particular by the Smithsonian Institute and anyone can do a search of this and find numerous instances where they have either ridiculed genuine finds and evidence or those that couldn't be dumbed down in this way were apparently lost when enquiries were made about these finds by eminent archaeologists.
The Smithsonian Institute are very keen to hide many discoveries as it would mean all the books would have to be rewritten and they are very much aware of this - it would also mean academia had it wrong (we can't have that can we) and they refuse to simply acknowledge that the nature of archaeology is such that as we make new discoveries we need to update with reference to new findings.
But hey, new findings may mean new understandings of who we are and new insights that will have intelligent investigation treating where they don't want you to tread.

--------------------------------------------------------------
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
