Tiered Democratic Governance (TDG) is a bottom-up strategy designed to confront many of the limitations of modern western democracy. It eliminates the need for parties thus eliminating the need for campaigning, partisanship and arrogance in our political world.

"I offer you this challenge. You can easily choose to ignore and disregard the TDG. You can return to those political blogs whose writers can entertainingly berate politicians and their decisions or to those political forums where strong wills with unchangeable opinions shout over top of each other to prove who is right. You can also continue to wait for the right political leader, political party, or right ideology to come to power to set the world on the right path. You can continue to wait for signals from social media to tell you when and how to protest. And you can continue to complain about things you have no power to change.

Or you can spend a little time with the TDG concept. Challenge your views about democracy and citizen participation in government. Why do we really need political parties and their limitations? What kind of collective decisions would our society make if we employed the principles of the TDG? Why not build a new system rather than criticize an outdated system that is incapable of change?

I have put together the TDG concept and made it freely available for the world to inspect as a system of future governance. While I gained a great sense of personal satisfaction when I launched this website, I also consider my purpose to be essentially over. The responsibility to advance the TDG cause is now on people like youΓÇöjust like a future TDG will be dependent on people like you.

The choice is yours! I recommend that you spend one hour reading about the TDG to find out for yourself. If you like it, tell your friends and colleagues. Discuss the merits of this system and compare it with current systems. When enough of us believe in the TDG, then we can affect our yearnings for better governance."

- - Author, Dave Volek