

 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


End Times

Volume 37
Church in the End Times - Chuck Missler - NEW


He is coming for his Bride soon.



POtHS - End Times - 36 - Jim Wilhelmsen - Clouds of Heaven - 3 Frogs of Revelation - UFO Space Travelers


POtHS Comment:    Jim is The Best. This is good info.
Description

Tis download contains three additional presentations by Jim Wilhelmsen.  Watch, listen and learn as Pastor Wilhelmsen talks us through prophecy, modern events and the expectations leading us into the final apocalypse.
(This is a newly completed series, so I did not combine them for anyone who previously watched parts 1&2 and wanted to only watch the last segment.)

The 3 Frogs of Revelation, parts 1-3:
Rev 16:13; "And I saw, coming out of the mouth of the dragon and out of the mouth of the beast and out of the mouth of the false prophet, three unclean spirits like frogs."

In the final struggle for evil before Christ assumes authority, the counterfeit trinity will assert itself. The battle lines will be drawn as the Coalition of evil forces unite.

How are modern events stacking up to lead the world into this final prophecy for control of the world?  Who's involved and how will this unfold? Learn more about these questions and more about the Three Frog-like Spirits From Dragon, Beast, and False Prophet and their control over the kings of nations in the end times climax.
-----------------------------------------------------------

The UFO Conspiracy - Space Travelers or Demonic Deceivers:
Documentary discussing the UFO phenomena using actual video footage and cases from various incidents in our past.  Included in this presentation, is the disclosure over Alien/Demon purpose and incentives.

Discusses the six kinds of demonic close encounters along with abductions, hypnosis, channeling, & other things. Features the great theologian Dave Hunt & the late Budd Hopkins.

Close encounter of the 1st kind:
Sighting of a spiritual GFOL "lightship" or physical vimanas / vailixi.

Close encounter of the 2nd kind:
Sighting of physical craft (vimanas / vailixi) with tangible proof.

Close encounter of the 3rd kind:
Contact with fallen angels, demons, nagas, nephilim, or their minions pretending to be "aliens".

Close encounter of the 4th kind:
Abduction of and/or experimentation on the subject by fallen angels, demons, nagas, nephilim, or their minions pretending to be "aliens". (Daniel 2:43 / Jasher 4:18)

Close encounter of the 5th kind:
Metaphysical contact- possession, seances, hypnosis, and/or channeling.

Close encounter of the 6th kind:
Injury or death caused by contact with fallen angels, demons, nagas, nephilim, or their minions pretending to be "aliens".
-----------------------------------------------------------

Clouds of Heaven:
Pastor Wilhelmsen discusses "The Strong Delusion" coming upon the world.

The common Christian attitude: So who cares?
To the Christian this has never been much of a concern or a matter to ponder and debate. Once touched by God's love, most believers are content to accept the idea of a fluffy chunk of water vapor as being the clouds of heaven. Daily living and Biblical principles needed to develop a transforming personal relationship with Christ, become the main concern. For oneself, this should be the foremost concern.

But what about the ability to give an answer for the hope that is within to others? When asked, "What are the clouds of Heaven?" the official Christians response of most are; " fluffy chunks of water vapor", or "I dunno, I never really thought about it." A person of faith can accept this concept, no matter how illogical it may seem. However, to someone standing outside of faith to a personal God, this can sound pretty lame.

Spaceships of the gods?
An idea to be reckoned with is that these clouds of heaven are spacecraft from other worlds. As strange as this might sound, it is well presented and becoming widely accepted. It is explained that Ancient people, being ignorant of mechanical technology had miss-identified the vehicles and occupants as angels and gods. Books written with this idea, two by "Christian" ministers, are very convincing. Without any other information, it would seem the only logical conclusion for an open-minded person of today. The danger of this conclusion is, that there is no personal God, only aliens in spacecraft. The lack of an intelligent response from the church only adds to the credibility of this idea. Can the Bible provide us with a better answer? Or are we left with a fluffy chunk of water vapor?


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  