
Adobe Flash Professional CC 13.0.0.759 Multilingual

Creative Cloud

Work faster than ever before with a 64-bit architecture, a new streamlined user interface, and more connected tools. Create HTML content and export high-definition video and audio. Flash? Professional CC lets you share work directly from within the application and get access to new features the moment they're released. Your entire creative world, together in one place.

64-bit architecture
Re-engineered from the ground up, 64-bit Flash Professional CC is more modular and delivers unprecedented speed and stability. Easily manage multiple large files, publish more quickly, and experience a more responsive timeline.

High-definition export
Export your content in full high-definition video and audio ? even from complex timelines or script-driven animations ? all without dropping frames.

Improved HTML publishing
Be more creative with enhanced HTML5 support using the updated Toolkit for CreateJS, which includes new functionality for buttons, hit areas, and motion curves.

Testing and debugging via USB
Test and debug your content in fewer steps by connecting multiple iOS and Android? mobile devices directly to your computer via USB.

Timeline time-savers
Manage properties across multiple selected layers in the Timeline panel. Easily swap symbols or bitmap images on the stage. Select multiple objects on a layer and distribute them to key frames with a single click.

Unlimited pasteboard size
Easily manage large backgrounds or content that's positioned offstage with an unlimited pasteboard/work area.

System requirements

Windows
Intel? Pentium? 4, Intel Centrino?, Intel Xeon?, or Intel Core? Duo (or compatible) processor
Microsoft? Windows? 7 (64 bit) or Windows 8 (64 bit)
4GB of RAM
2.5GB of available hard-disk space for installation; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on removable flash storage devices)
1024x768 display (1280x800 recommended)
QuickTime 10.x software recommended
Internet connection and registration are necessary for required software activation, membership validation, and access to online services.*
