MidNight Club 3 - Dub Edition Remix for the PS2                 Rel. 03/13/2006


Format:        DVD9 NTSC-USA
Lang.:         English
Discs:         1
Image:         .DVD/ISO
Genre.:        Car/Racing Action
Rating:        Everyone
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2, Swap Magic Disc Method
               or a probably configured emulator if your
               computer hardware is good enough.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic. DVD9 game backups
      may need a different way to get working such as using a hard drive and
      a dvd9 loader or something along those lines, to work on a ps2 console.
      I guess of course if all else fails find a dvd5 ripped version or
      Just buy this game it's cheap.




Release Notes - This is the DVD9 version, As far as if you have a
                mod-chipped ps2 it must support DVD9 Backups and you
                gotta find a DVD DL disc that you can run. If you
                Can't run this game using all methods Just use the 
                emulator provided. For some reason DVD9 backups can 
                be tricky to get working, but here's the full game 
                ripped probably.





Game Description:

Experience the intense, fast speed of open street racing with the latest in customization. DUB magazine, the authoritative source on automotive lifestyles, lends its considerable knowledge to make this game as hot, wild and hip as the real-life superstars and vehicles that rule the roads. Head out to the street and show off your style, passion and flair.

Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition REMIX takes everything you enjoyed in Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition to the next level. Choose from more than 20 additional vehicles and race in an all-new city, Tokyo. Get your adrenaline pumping with 25 new, handpicked anthems. If you like competing online, this edition will push you to the edge with even more extreme maps for existing online modes.


Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, or ImgBurn.

(If using DVD Decrypter make sure layerbreak is set to 2084960
as DVD Decrypter doesn't recognize .DVD type files).  


Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.


You Must use A DVD Dual layer Disc to burn and that can run
on your PS2. Usually Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden is the best to
try but your PS2 might require a different brand name.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!							