Final Destination Collection (200-2011) [MicroHD 1080p][DUAL]
 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Final-Destination-Blu-ray/3447/ 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Final-Destination-2-Blu-ray/27479/ 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Final-Destination-3-Blu-ray/27478/ 
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Final-Destination-5-Blu-ray/31516/

Format: Matroska
Size: 12.6 GB
Video Codec: AVC
Resolution: Several 1920 x 1072, 1920 x 800,
Format profile: High@L4.1 Marcos 4
Audio 1: Spanish AC3
Audio 2: English AC3
Subs: Spanish, English

Original title: Final Destination
Year: 2000-2011
Length: 463 min.
Country: United States
Director: Various. - James Wong, David R. Ellis, Steven Quale ...
Screenplay: Jeffrey Reddick, James Wong, Glen Morgan ...
Music: Shirley Walker ....
Photography: Robert McLachlan ...
Reaprto: Devon Sawa, Ali Larter, Kerr Smith, Seann William Scott, Kristen Cloke, Daniel Roebuck, Roger Guenveur Smith, Chad Donella, Amanda Detmer, Tony Todd ..
Studio: New Line Cinema ..
Genre: Horror, Slasher, Adolescence, Saga

Description:
The first film is about Alex who embarks with his classmates flight 180 to Paris France, at the time of boarding the plane Alex
has a pretty tragic feeling, something like a vision of an accident will have to get on this plane, this ending explode
their lives.
This bad feeling is what leads to the next with six of his classmates and a teacher to disembark the plane and missed the trip.
Peel off the plane blows up, since that horrifying fact including eight who were the only survivors of Flight 180 begin to
persecution for accidents that endanger their lives.
In the second film we meet with Clear Rivers the only who survived the eight who survived Flight 180.
She decided to withdraw into what she considered safer, a psychiatric hospital, this live terrified that death will return to
search as he did with his friends might have mad Clear, but not anything wrong.
Death is coming along Highway 23 south, during the weekend trip with friends Kimberly Corman has a vision that
a truck unleashed a terrible accident in which she is involved.
In the third film that has visions Wendy is a girl on the night of graduation is going to an amusement park in the town as well
the rest of the graduates.
The biggest attraction is the roller coaster, several children are raised in it, Wendy has a vision of the game is going to derail and who are
on will lose their lives.
She gets several guys down with it, everything happens as in his vision, and several days after the crash of two girls who came down with it
die, then Wendy discovers that all the photos she took for the yearbook have something special.
In the fourth film Nick and his friends go to a race track to watch the Nascar race, Nick has a vision of several accidents
leading to the stadium will derrunmbe, he realizes that it is a vision of something that is about to happen and consige leave the place with 12
people.