Juicing for Life: A Guide to the Benefits of Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Juicing 
by Cherie Calbom and Maureen B. Keane
Health Harmony | 1999 | ISBN: 81-7021-913-2 | PDF | 351 pages | 10.4 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Juicing-Life-Guide-Benefits-Vegetable/dp/0895295121
scanned to PDF by me.

Eating fresh fruits and vegetables can boost your energy level, supercharge your immune system, and maximize your body's healing power. Convenient and inexpensive, juicing allows you to obtain the most concentrated from of nutrition available from whole foods.
This A-Z guide shows you how to use nature's bounty in the prevention and treatment of our most common health disorders. This accessible book gives complete nutritional programs for over 75 health problems, telling you which fruits and vegetables have been shown effective in combatting specific illnesses and why. Along with hundreds of delicious, nutrition-rich juicing recipes, this book provides dietary guidelines, and diet plans to follow in conjunction with your juicing regimen. 
While Calbom and Keane promise no quick fix for various ailments, their simple-to-prepare natural "potions" fit the contemporary demand for instant--and healthful--gratification. Arranged alphabetically by ills (which range from acne to age spots to chronic fatigue syndrome, varicose veins and water retention), juice "cures" are touted here as "vitamin and mineral cocktails" that can detoxify the body and supplement the diet. Many of the same juice recipes work on sundry and specific ills; recipes for potassium broth, "very veggie" cocktail, "Cherie's cleansing cocktail," "ginger hopper," "garlic express" and "chlorophyll cocktail" are among the repeated panaceas. At the very least, juicing raw produce is a relatively direct means of introducing the vegetables recommended by nutritionists into daily habits. So while some will pigeonhole Juicing as just another New Age treatise, others--convinced of the place of the occasional juice fast in the diet--will find the volume fascinating, and well worth the investment in a juicer and organic produce. 

About the Authors 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/2f/f7/ee89c060ada09b16d61f2210.L._V192266298_SX200_.jpg
Cherie Calbom, M.S., has been known for her work with juicing and health for more than a decade. She has appeared regularly on QVC for the past eight years with the JuiceLady juicer, the Salton Juiceman juicer, and the George Foreman grills. She is also the author of eleven books on health and nutrition. Her first book, Juicing for Life, was an international best-seller 
http://img715.imageshack.us/img715/2349/maureenq.jpg
Maureen Keane is a wife, a mother, a sister, a nutritionist, a writer, and a cancer treatment survivor. Professionally a member of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (the former American Dietetic Association) and Dieticians in Integrative and Functional Medicine. She received her BS in biology from Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan and my masters degree in nutrition from Bastyr University in Redmond, Washington. After graduation a classmate and she decided to write a book on juicing -Juicing for Life -and it became a best seller. Thirteen more books followed and she haven't stopped.

The original book was published by Avery Trade in November 1991. What I have scanned here is the Indian edition published in 1999. Both versions are essentially identical.