Complete Burning Tool

Power2Go 8 features all the tools you need to easily copy all your media to any disc. Now you can mount disc images as virtual drives, rip, copy and edit your music and experience the ultimate in convenience with drag and drop burning.

Burn All Media to Any Disc
Power2Go 8 is an all-in-one burning solution for your media and data. Burn data discs, CDs, DVD+/-, Blu-ray discs and even the latest 128GB BDXL. With support for such a wide range of media and disc formats creating discs is easy and convenient. You can even duplicate CDs, unprotected DVDs and Blu-ray discs.
Power2Go 8 truly takes care of all your media burning needs. It's so convenient that all you need to do is simply insert the disc of your choice, select the files you want to burn and let Power2Go 8 do the rest!

Mount Disc Images as Virtual Drives
Power2Go 8 allows you to mount a disc image file as a virtual drive and access it like a real disc drive on your computer. The mounted ISO image will be assigned a drive letter and it appears just like another optical drive in your system.
To view the contents of the virtual drive on your PC, navigate to the Computer folder which displays the available drives on your system. Select the virtual drive and you will be able to access the files in the disc image. The virtual drive feature makes it easy to share a file with Power2Go 8 users, or online, instead of using a disc.

Rip and Copy Your Music
Want to copy a song from your favorite CD and store it on your PC? How about extracting a soundtrack from a favorite video? Let Power2Go rip and extract your audio files for you. It's as easy as a click of the mouse! Once your audio files are copied to your PC, you can easily use a media player to create playlists from different CDs.
With Power2Go 8 you can rip from CDs to MP3, WMA or WAV files. You can even create audio files for your portable media player, like your MP3 player or smart device, so you can enjoy the coolest tunes from your audio CDs everywhere you go!

Precision Audio Editing ΓÇô WaveEditor 2
When you are creating discs, it is a huge advantage to be able to edit and enhance audio files. Power 2 Go 8 now features WaveEditor 2, a sample-level precision waveform editor with cool audio effects that allows you to trim or enhance your tunes before adding them to your slideshow or distributing them.
WaveEditor 2 brings several new exciting features to Power2Go 8 users, includes multi-timeline audio mixing which allows users to compose an audio output from multiple audio tracks.

Drag and Drop Via Desktop Burning Gadget
The Desktop Burning Gadget is the latest feature to make creating discs quick and easy. You don't have to be a technical guru to burn optical discs or create data or media back-ups. It is easily enabled on your desktop, so you can conveniently drag and drop files onto the gadget for burning.
Power2Go 8 prepares the media file and provides instant copying when you are ready. Creating discs should be easy and convenient, which is why the Power2Go Desktop Burning Gadget is the perfect media burning feature.

Extract Files with the .ISO Disc Image Viewer
No more second guessing what is in that .ISO image file! With Power2Go's built-in .ISO disc image file viewer, you can access and extract files and folders directly from an .ISO image onto your hard drive without the need to copy to a disc. With the ability to know which files are inside the .ISO image, you will never burn the wrong disc again - saving you both time and money.
Power2Go 8's .ISO viewer truly is an extremely useful tool to help you organize, burn and better manage your data

What is new in 2126b

- Install this patch update to improve the stability of the virtual drive

Minimum System Requirements

Operating System : Microsoft Windows┬« 8, 7, Vista and XP

Screen Resolution : 1024 x 768 pixels
Memory :
* 128 MB SDRAM for data and music burning
* 256 MB DDR RAM for video burning (512 MB recommended)
CPU :
* CD/VCD (MPEG-1) production: Intel Pentium II 450
* DVD (MPEG-2) production: Intel Pentium III 800 MHz, or AMD Athlon 700 MHz (Intel Pentium 4 2.0 GHz, AMD Athlon 2100+ or above recommended)

Languages : English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Dutch, Russian, Polish, Portuguese

Homepage :  
http://www.cyberlink.com/products/power2go/overview_en_US.html