This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Terry Stafford - Best Of Terry Stafford (1996)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51xn1CuEhxL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Biography from All Music (by Steve Huey):

One-hit wonder Terry Stafford was known for his Elvis sound-alike single "Suspicion," which became a Top Five smash even at the height of Beatlemania in 1964. Stafford was born in Hollis, OK, on November 22, 1941, and grew up in Amarillo, TX. He moved to Los Angeles after high school to pursue a singing career and performed at various local dances and social events. He got the chance to record a demo and chose "Suspicion," an album track from Elvis Presley's Pot Luck LP (1962). A local DJ took the song to Crusader Records, which remastered it and released it nationally in 1964. It went all the way to number three on the pop charts and did so during a week when the Beatles held every other spot in the Top Five. Stafford was never able to duplicate its success, though he did reach the Top 30 with his follow-up single, "I'll Touch a Star." He continued to perform and also branched out into acting (the film Wild Wheels) and songwriting, penning Buck Owens' hit "Big in Vegas." In 1973, Stafford signed with Atlantic's newly formed country division and recorded a full-fledged country album, Say, Has Anybody Seen My Sweet Gypsy Rose. The title track edged into the country Top 40, and its flip side, the Stafford co-write "Amarillo by Morning," also enjoyed some regional popularity. It was later covered by George Strait for a major hit. Stafford recorded for Atlantic through 1974 then disappeared from the music scene. He died of liver problems in Amarillo on March 17, 1996.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/terry-stafford-p24819/biography

All Music Album Review (by Stephen Thomas Erlewine):

The Best of Terry Stafford, of course, contains Stafford's big hit single "Suspicion," but it also contains a number of other lesser-known singles, including his only other Top 40 hit "I'll Touch a Star." Although the rest of the material on the compilation isn't the equal of "Suspicion," it is frequently entertaining. Stafford's voice is excellent and the '60s mainstream pop arrangements are usually engaging, even when the material is less than first-rate.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-best-of-terry-stafford-r241528

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000000DGY

Track List:

01. Suspicion
02. Pocket Full Of Rainbows
03. I'll Touch A Star
04. Kiss Me Quick
05. Everything I Need
06. Alone Never To Love Again
07. The Joke's On Me
08. Am I Fooling Myself
09. Do You Miss Me
10. If You Got The Time
