Blackbroad Jungle (1994) [DVDRip]

Starring: Domonique Simone

For superb interracial and oral action, couched in a cleverly-plotted story with some snappy dialogue, Blackbroad Jungle is a sleeper pick. It features Alex
Sanders in what should be an increasingly-common lead role; the feature debut of a very promising newcomer, Jasper; and some of the best deep-throat seen in a while.
The complex plot has Alex and wife Nikki Sinn as exiles in the Federal Witness Protection Program, stuck in a black neighborhood, where Alex is now a high school teacher in a school more noted for sexual hijinks than scholarship. Principal Janet Jacme administers accomplished deep throat to new teacher Jake Williams, and gets desk-doggie-pounded in return. Kelly Royce returns to porn after a lengthy hiatus as the school clerk. She gets plowed by Alex across her high counter, but, please, Kel, next time wash your hair and shave your armpits before you hit the set ΓÇö grunge is a popular musical style, not a popular porn look.
Alex counsels student Domonique Simone next, varying the pace from power-swivelhipping to his trademark triple-time jackhammering, in another hot scene.
Homeboys Sean Michaels and Julian St. Jox have a sizzling four-way with Sahara Sands and newcomer Jasper. Jasper's a dark-eyed blonde, with a passing facial resemblance to Cynthia Gibb, opulent but not outrageous store-bought boobs with large areolae, a short-waisted torso, juicy quim, and a peach of an ass. She's very vocal, as she's broken in by Sean's lengthy tool; while Sahara deep-throats Julian and takes him doggie-style. The boys switch, and Sahara, who ranks with Janet in the top deep-throaters, swallows Sean's sword, and the two ladies get drilled side-by-side in a classic black-on-blonde marathon. Sean also does major excavation on blackmail victim Nikki Sinn in a hot closer.
Hot sex, good script, excellent pacing and editing add up to a solid winner

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=m03cre8tcw9aznlbo9i4.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=yzf7fqzrars3rbnjrw7z.jpg