Here comes another Classic Hungarian title for which we made Custom ENG subtitles...

The torrent is the same as the one previously shared on eutorrents!

Title: Fairy-Tale Auto 
AKA: Signorina 10.000
Year: 1934
Original title: Meseautó
Runtime: 1 hour 35 minutes
Country: Hungary
Language: Hungarian
Subtitles: English Custom Made (.srt )
Genre: Comedy | Romance

Director: Béla Gaál

Cast

Complete credited cast:

Zita Perczel ... Kovács Vera
Ella Gombaszögi ... Kerekes Anna
Klári Tolnay ... Sári (as Tolnai Klári)
Jenö Törzs ... Szûcs János bankigazgató
Gyula Kabos ... Halmos Aladár
Lili Berky ... Kovács mama (as Berky Lilly)
Gyula Gózon ... Kovács papa
Vilmos Komlós ... Hentes
Jenö Herczeg ... Péterffy (as Herczeg Jenõ)
Sándor Pethes ... Józsi,a sofõr
Imre Ráday

Rest of cast listed alphabetically:

Lajos Sugár ... Szállópincér
Gusztáv Vándory ... Pincér
Zoltán Várkonyi ... Autóüzleti alkalmazott
Tibor Weygand ... Éneklõ fiatal

Plot / Synopsis

Meseautó is a 1934 Hungary romantic comedy film directed by Béla Gaál and starring Zita Perczel, Ella Gombaszögi and Klári Tolnay. A tycoon falls in love with a poor woman and secretly buys her a car. The 1935 British film Car of Dreams was based on this film.

János Szűcs, bank director wants to spend his holiday far away from the world and women. When he buys a marvelous Adler car, a young lady in the car-saloon attracts his attention. Szűcs orchestrates the events that lead to Vera Kovács, this young typist winning the car as the 10.000th customer, and without revealing his true identity becomes the girl's driver.

Review:

This is a kind of 'comedy of errors' with some brilliant acting performance. This kind of movies were made one after another in the 1930's Hungary, so you can make yourself a good 100 minutes seeing it, but surely this won't change your view of life. A light play around a 'dram-car' and of course love, where the rich car-salon owner fells love with a poor, but attractive young girl. To reach her hands, he makes as if she had won the car as a prize, and to get close to her, he offers his service as a chauffeur with sharing the income to prove that he's poor too. At the end of course everything turns out and we get the casual happy end. Sadly, the best piece of action, the wonderful way of Gyula Kabos's speeches and dialogues is only meaningful for Hungarian viewers. (WELL, THIS PROBLEM IS FINALLY SOLVED BY THE CUSTOM ENG SUBTITLES!)

Technical Specs
Source: Internet, nCore.cc, feliratok.info 
Group/Ripper: ThanxXx to nCore for the Rip, and Special ThanxXx to mitbrille & moviola & swatura for the Custom ENG subtitles!
Video Format: AVI/XviD
Video Bitrate: 879 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps 
Aspect Ratio: 8 : 7
Resolution: 544 x 384
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.122
Audio Format: 0x0055 (MP3)
Audio Bitrate: 133.47 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz

Check SWATura torrents for other hard-to-find classics!

(K) Kopyleft 2013 - All Rites Reversed...

I you want more coming, keep the torrent alive!


