This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Sam & Dave - Greatest Hits [Fabulous Sounds] (1990)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41Sa40e%2BWwL.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
Has cover art only.
AMG Bio.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Stephen Thomas Erlewine):

Perhaps no act epitomized soul music as the secularization of gospel more than Sam & Dave. The original pairing of Sam Moore and Dave Prater met in Florida in 1961, and they recorded unsuccessfully for several years before being signed to Atlantic Records in 1965. Atlantic persuaded their Memphis affiliate Stax Records to produce them, and in December that year the writing and production team of Isaac Hayes and David Porter delivered the crisply soulful "You Don't Know Like I Know." Hayes and Porter became the éminence grises behind Sam & Dave, much as Holland-Dozier-Holland pulled the strings behind the Supremes. They wrote, they produced -- and the result was a string of hits, including "Soul Man," "Hold On! I'm Comin'," and "I Thank You," songs that survive as the very epitome of Southern soul. Certainly, Sam & Dave's hits are among the most soulful ever to crack the Hot 100. Their albums often bore the hallmarks of hasty execution, though. The dissolution of the partnership between Stax and Atlantic virtually sealed the fate of Sam & Dave; there were a few more hits (and, later, a revival of interest thanks to the Blues Brothers), but the glory days were over.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/sam-dave-p5344/biography

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000KCZ9JU

Track List:

01. You Don't Know Like I Know
02. Hold On! I'm A Comin'
03. Said I Wasn't Gonna Tell Nobody
04. You Got Me Hummin'
05. When Something Is Wrong With My Baby
06. (Sittin' On) The Dock Of The Bay
07. Summertime
08. Soothe Me
09. Soul Man
10. I Thank You
11. You Don't Know What You Mean To Me
12. Can't You Find Another Way (Of Doing It)
13. Soul Sister, Brown Sugar
14. Don't Pull Your Love
15. Gimme Some Lovin'
