Review:
Few albums deserve a 5 rating. Compilations generally don't rate this high. And soundtracks are mostly disposable, with a few rare examples, Lost Highway being one of them. The 1997 David Lynch film was underscored with original music by composer Angelo Badalamenti, and Nine Inch Nails' Trent Reznor, as well as strategically placed rock songs selected by Reznor, and it's one of the most listenable soundtracks you're ever likely to encounter.
The original material and compiled selections provide perfect atmospheric backing to Lynch's psychological thriller masterpiece, and the album can be pretty much listened to over and over on its own. The music from Lost Highway is not as diverse as Lynch's soundtrack for Wild At Heart (which combined 1950s rock and roll, punk, thrash, and classical music), but Reznor has selected a nice selection of mostly-industrial, alternative rock and metal cuts, with a couple of jazz songs and dark original score selections, including an industrial-tinged Badalamenti/Reznor collaboration.
Lost Highway is opened and closed with David Bowie and Brian Eno's industrial-tinged "I'm Deranged", the highlight of the set. The Rammstein inclusions "Rammstein" and "Heirate Mich", chosen by Lynch himself, who is a fan of the band, helped launch the German metal band's international career; "Heirate Mich" is the darkest cut on this set, and is essentially about marrying a corpse.
Also worth noting is Marilyn Manson's cover of Screamin' Jay Hawkins' "I Put A Spell On You". He clearly enjoyed doing this one. Another Manson cut, "Apple of Sodom" appears, with both tracks fitting perfectly into Lynch's world. NIN is represented by one of the band's best cuts, "The Perfect Drug".
Missing from the set, however, happens to be one of the best musical moments in the film: This Mortal Coil's haunting cover of Tim Buckley's "Song to the Siren", which was the stylistic inspiration for the first two albums of Badalamenti/Lynch-mentored singer Julee Cruise.
sputnikmusic: Review by FritzTheCat420


Country: USA
Genre: Sountrack
Quality: FLAC,cue

Tracklist:
1. I'm Deranged (edit) - David Bowie
2. Videodrones; Questions - Trent Reznor
3. Perfect Drug, The - Nine Inch Nails
4. Red Bats With Teeth - Angelo Badalamenti
5. Haunting And Heartbreaking - Angelo Badalamenti
6. Eye - Smashing Pumpkins
7. Dub Driving - Angelo Badalamenti
8. Mr. Eddy's Theme #1 - Barry Adamson
9. This Magic Moment - Lou Reed
10. Mr. Eddy's Theme #2 - Barry Adamson
11. Fred And Renee Make Love - Angelo Badalamenti
12. Apple Of Sodom - Marilyn Manson
13. Insensatez - Antonio Carlos Jobim
14. Something Wicked This Way Comes (edit) - Barry Adamson
15. I Put A Spell On You - Marilyn Manson
16. Fats Revisited - Angelo Badalamenti
17. Fred's World - Angelo Badalamenti
18. Rammstein (edit) - Rammstein
19. Hollywood Sunset - Barry Adamson
20. Hierate Mich (edit) - Rammstein
21. Police - Angelo Badalamenti
22. Driver Down - Trent Reznor
23. I'm Deranged (Reprise) - David Bowie
