
  FIDLAR (2013) [FLAC]

  Released: 2013
  Duration: 39:01
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Garage Rock, Punk Rock
  Source: CD (log + cue)
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 1,000 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz

  01 Cheap Beer 
  02 Stoked and Broke 
  03 White on White 
  04 No Waves 
  05 Whore 
  06 Max Can't Surf 
  07 Blackout Stout 
  08 Wake Bake Skate 
  09 Gimmie Something 
  10 5 to 9 
  11 LDA 
  12 Paycheck 
  13 Wait for the Man 
  14 Cocaine 

  Dumb fun is the name of the game on FIDLAR's self-titled debut. With a name that stems from the acronym for "Fuck It Dog, Life's a Risk," that fresh-faced, born-in-the-'90s, Jackass mentality permeates their 2013 debut of 14 quick songs that revel in getting baked, getting drunk, surfing, and skating. Vocalist Zac Carper is nearly diverted from his constant slacker subject matter when Uncle Sam offers him cash to join the Army in "White on White" and when he's left in the Valley by an ex-girlfriend ("Whore"), but in each case he turns back to his old ways. The only other topic covered is how broke they are, for which their coping mechanism is -- you guessed it -- slamming booze, doing bong rips, and snorting coke. This is L.A. of course, where the fast-lane lifestyle is expected, and these guys are relentless in driving home the message that they intend to live every day like it's their last.

  Short-sighted as the party-hearty concept may be, the unbridled enthusiasm makes the album a helluva lot of fun even for those who have trouble relating to wasted youth. Where a similarly conceived band like Trash Talk waves old-school punk influences around but essentially sounds like modern metalcore, FIDLAR sounds raised on '80s L.A. punk acts like Angry Samoans, Fear, and Circle Jerks. Aside from the Wavves-esque digital-age recording fuzz, there's not much to differentiate "Max Can't Surf" from a Surf Punks track, and the love for street drugs and the amped-up '60s melodies are highly reminiscent of punk forefathers the Ramones. Judging them by their songwriting skills, you could call them wise beyond their years. However, if they heard you say that, they would probably just pour a beer on your head.