Wicked Lovers Series (1-7) by Shayla Black in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 

Note*: All descriptions can't fit @ TPB

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 1: Wicked Ties (Wicked Lovers #1) by Shayla Black (January 2nd 2007)

She didn’t know what she wanted until he made her beg for it...

Morgan O’Malley has seen a lot of kinky things as the hostess of a cable sex talk show. But she’s never met a man like Jack Cole before. A self-proclaimed dominant, he’s as alpha as a male can get–and good for Morgan to have around when an obsessed stalker ratchets up his attempts to get to her.

Though Jack is a bodyguard, Morgan feels anything but safe in his presence. Because slowly and seductively, Jack is bringing her deepest fantasies to the surface. And when he bends her to his will, what’s more shocking than her surrender is how much she enjoys it–and starts to crave his masterful touch. A willing player in Jack’s games, Morgan knows that his motives aren’t pure, but she has no idea how personal they are…

Book 2: Decadent (Wicked Lovers #2) by Shayla Black (October 2nd 2007)



Book 3: Delicious (Wicked Lovers #3) by Shayla Black (March 2nd 2010) 



Book 4: Surrender to Me (Wicked Lovers #4) by Shayla Black (March 1st 2011) 



Book 5: Belong To Me (Wicked Lovers #5) by Shayla Black (October 4th 2011)



Book 6: Mine to Hold (Wicked Lovers #6) by Shayla Black (June 5th 2012)



Book 6.5: Wicked All the Way (Wicked Lovers #6.5) by Shayla Black (December 17th 2012) 



Book 7: Ours To Love (Wicked Lovers #7) by Shayla Black (May 7th 2013)

Between two brothers...

Xander Santiago spent years living it up as a billionaire playboy. Never given a chance to lead his family business in the boardroom, he became a Master in the bedroom instead. His older brother inherited the company and worked tirelessly to make it an empire. But while the cutthroat corporate espionage took its toll on Javier, nothing was as devastating as the seemingly senseless murder of his wife. It propelled him into a year of punishing rage and guilt...until Xander came to his rescue.

Comes an irresistible woman...

Eager to rejuvenate Javier’s life, Xander shanghais him to Louisiana where they meet the beautiful London McLane. After surviving a decade of tragedy and struggle, London is determined to make a fresh start—and these sexy billionaire brothers are more than willing to help. In every way. And London is stunned to find herself open to every heated suggestion...and desperately hoping that her love will heal them.

And inescapable danger...

But a killer with a hidden motive is watching, on a single-minded mission to destroy everything the Santiago brothers hold dear, especially London. And as fear and desire collide, every passionate beat of her heart could be her last.


Seed and Enjoy!