
                           S  K  I  D  R  O  W
                           .the leading force.

                            proudly presents
               Assassins Creed III v1.02 Update Read Nfo


  22-01-2012......Release Date  Protection............Ubisoft DRM
  Action.............Game Type  Disk(s).......................NFO


   RLD NOTES


Apparently the remaining competing game iso groups, have been starting
the new year with smoking bananaleaves.

Dear RELOADED, our iso pre of Assassins Creed III is fully working and
completely valid. People have been playing it for months. Futhermore
you're talking about us living in a fairytale, while you apparently
haven't evolved out of the jungle yet.

We can understand your frustation, that you didn't win much of the xmas
holdiay AAA titles, but that does not give you the ability to judge on
behalf of the whole scene.

First of all your proper Assassins Creed III iso is nuked and you can't
proper our dox release, with imaginary reasons that only benefit your
dream reality.

You call our crack shitty - well we're giving the enduser a true as
possible working version, as close to the orginal as you can get. And
we're offering exactly the same offline functions as the original. With
ours you can even run the game in SAFE mode, unlike your "amazing"
method.

Please don't claim the endusers are as stupid as monkeys - wait you
just did with your "proper"!


   RELEASE NOTES


Read changelog.txt for information on updated content!


   INSTALL NOTES


1. Install our Assassins.Creed.III-SKIDROW release
2. Unpack this release
3. Run AssassinsCreed3Updater1.02_DIGITAL.exe
4. Install
5. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
   install folder and overwrite
6. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
   secure/trusted in your antivirus program
7. Play the game
8. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


   ADDITIONAL NOTES


This has only been tested on own Assassins.Creed.III-SKIDROW release,
as RELOADED's release is nothing more than a dupe!

We decided to implent and emulate the latest version of the Ubisofts
orbit launcher, to enable every offline function, that their orbit
service gives users who actually owns the original. Simply to offer
emulated functions that noone else in the scene currently offers.

You'll notice it when you see it!


   GREETINGS


To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!


                                ascii art by the
                               godlike & terrific duo
                                   malodix + irokos
                                    titan artdivision
[/pre]