
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41PyGeK6OwL.jpg

Vision for Life: Ten Steps to Natural Eyesight Improvement

Publisher: North Atlantic Books
Meir Schneider
2012
Language: English
ISBN-10: 158394494X
ISBN-13: 978-1583944943 
PDF
216 pages  
2.35 MB

In Vision for Life, natural health pioneer Meir Schneider shares ten essential principles of healthy vision discovered in his forty-year personal and professional journey. Born almost blind, Schneider taught himself to see and developed an innovative program of healing and recovery that has helped thousands of people regain and improve their health. 

Vision for Life is packed with exercises for a natural eye health routine, which you can immediately incorporate into your life, and includes a set of eye chart posters to use together with the book. This program is not only strengthening but also restorative and deeply relaxing. You will learn how to reverse developing issues before they cause damage and how to remedy existing problems including near- and far-sightedness and lazy eye as well as cataracts, glaucoma, optic neuritis, detached retinas and tears, macular degeneration, and retinitis pigmentosa. Vision for Life is not only for people who see poorly and would like to improve their vision, but also for those with 20/20 vision who wish to maintain their perfect eyesight as they grow older.

Clients of the Meir Schneider Self-Healing Method experience their own capacity to bring about recovery, reversing the progress of a wide range of degenerative conditions such as arthritis and muscular dystrophy as well as eye disease. Based in part on the established Bates Method of eyesight improvement and in part on his own professional and personal discoveries, Meir Schneider's pioneering approach has helped thousands of people successfully treat a host of eye problems, including nearsightedness, farsightedness, astigmatism, lazy eye, double vision, glaucoma, cataracts, macular degeneration, retinal detachment, retinitis pigmentosa, and nystagmus.

Born blind to deaf parents, Schneider underwent a series of painful operations as a young child and was left with ninety-nine percent scar tissue on his eyes, resulting in his being declared incurably blind. At the age of seventeen, he discovered how to improve his vision from one percent to fifty-five percent of normal vision with the eye exercises presented in this book. Today Schneider drives a car, reads, and proves time and again that vision can and does improve with exercise. His contributions to the field of self-healing are recognized by alternative health practitioners and medical doctors alike.

