System Requirements
CPU: QuadCore 2.0 GHz +
RAM: 2 GB RAM
VGA: DirectX 9.0c-compatible, SM 3.0-compatible, 512MB VRAM+; NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS or better
DX: 9.0c
OS: Windows 7 or 8
HDD: 4 GB HD space
Sound: DirectX 9.0c-compatible, 16-bit
Network: Broadband Internet connection

Description
nERv Sanctum 2 (c) CoffeeStainStudios

05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action, Strategy,
Indie, CasualSanctum 2 is the sequel to the world's first Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game.
Pick from four unique character classes and embark on a mission to protect
the oxygen-producing Cores from hordes of deadly aliens who are threatened by
their existence. Outfit your character exactly the way you want through the
new and extensive customization system. Choose your own loadout of towers,
weapons and perks, but choose wisely because you are humanity's last defense
against the unrelenting hordes set out to destroy it.

Sanctum 2 is a new game completely rebuilt from the ground up using community
feedback and innovative design to really push the bar of what an independent
studio can do.

In Sanctum 2, you will utilize elements from multiple gameplay genres to
succeed. Construct towers and walls during the building phase before the
enemies attack, then jump into the fray and blast everything to pieces in FPS
mode. You can progress through the single-player campaign yourself, or play
with up to four friends in co-op to discover the secrets of the planet LOEK
III and learn the backstory on why the aliens are so intent on destroying the
Cores you are sworn to protect.

Building on the success of the original game, Sanctum 2 stands alone as the
only true FPS/Tower Defense hybrid. No other title delivers gameplay that
seamlessly combines both genres.

Features
* Tower Defense Design complex mazes and build powerful towers to stop the
enemies from destroying the Cores.
* Four playable character classes Each with their own unique strengths,
weaknesses and weapons.
* In-game Visual Novel Unlock a comic-book page for every map you beat to
discover the secrets of LOEK III.1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /crack directory on the image to
installdirBinariesWin32
5. Play the game.
6. When asked, play offline.
7. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT! 