




 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

End Times

Volume 030

Genesis and Acts Audio Study
Beth Tikkun
 


POtHS - End Times - 30 - Genesis and Acts Audio Study - Beth Tikkun


POtHS Comment:   These Girls are Real Prophets, Their Words are right the from mind of Yahweh. Everything they say is in perfect Harmony with The Holy Bible and The Word.  This is Real Prophecy from Real Prophets. Thank you Jesus for these 2 Prophets.

Description

From Beth Tikkun


Beth Tikkun Messianic Congregation

Statement of Faith

   We acknowledge the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob as the One and Only true God.

   All Scripture is given by the inspiration of the spirit of God.

   First five books of the Bible.

   God is One, and He alone is Creator, Lord, Savior and King. ΓÇ£Hear, O Israel, the LORD our God is one LORD.ΓÇ¥ (Deuteronomy 6:4)

   God and His Word are eternal.

   The Shabbat is the created holy day of the LORD, and it is to be protected and kept holy.

   Yeshua of Nazareth is the Messiah of Israel and through Him alone salvation is provided. As the Passover Lamb of God, Messiah Yeshua takes away the sins of the world. He died, arose on the         third day, ascended to Heaven, and will return in days to come.

   Through Messiah alone the Gentiles are grafted into the commonwealth of Israel and are full participants in IsraelΓÇÖs Scriptures, covenants, and promises.

   The people of the LORD are a holy congregation gathered to celebrate Him on the Sabbath and at His appointed times throughout the year.

   Our goals as the people of God are to be followers of Yeshua the Messiah, to be holy unto God our Father, to live righteous and godly lives in this world, to be equally clean in our conscious inner man and in our walk, and to be full of love for one another.

   We trust in God Who promises to resurrect the dead to life in His eternal kingdom.

   God will judge all mankind and will dispense both reward and punishment in perfect wisdom and justice.

   This Statement of Faith is not perfect because it is the product of imperfect people who are striving to mature in their knowledge of the Perfect One and understanding of His Holy Word.

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  