Locrian - Territories (2010) [V0]
    
Locrian – Territories
Label: At War With False Noise, Basses Frequences, BloodLust!, Small Doses
Catalog#: ATWAR073, BF23, B!147, DOSE85
Country: US
Year: Mar 2010
Genre: Electronic, Rock
Style: Black Metal, Power Electronics, Noise, Drone
Format: Vinyl, LP, Album, Limited Edition

Tracklist
A1 - Inverted Ruins (8:35)
A2 - Between Barrows (5:54)
A3 - Procession Of Ancestral Brutalism (10:48)
B4 - Ring Road (9:41)
B5 - Antediluvian Territory (4:02)
B6 - The Columnless Arcade (8:50)

More information: http://www.discogs.com/release/2153397

At War With False Noise
Andre Foisy and Terence Hannum have spent the last several years honing the Locrian sound. They've taken elements from noise, power electronics, drone, and black metal to come up with a truly unique sound reflecting the sprawling urban decay surrounding them in Chicago. After nearly two dozen releases, they've found themselves in the world of Territories. For this release, Locrian has pulled out all the stops and fleshed out the band with the help of Mark Solotroff (Bloodyminded, Anatomy of Habit) on vocals and synthesizers, Blake Judd (Nachtmystium) on guitar, Bruce Lamont (Yakuza) on saxophone and vocals, and Andrew Scherer (Velnias) on drums. The results of this massive collaborative effort are apparent from the moment the album starts. The textures run darker and deeper; the vocals-sometimes three layers deep-seem to be conjured from the decrepit muck of a failed civilization; the feedback takes on a more pronounced presence; and the big band allows for full-on black metal assaults that burst out of the tortured drones Locrian have come to be known for. Truly a case of the whole being greater than the sum of the parts, Territories may well be the most fully realized form of Locrian's dystopic vision.

500 copies, full-colour pro sleeve and insert. Collab with Basses Frequencies (Fr), Bloodlust! (USA) and Small Doses (USA).

BloodLust! and Small Doses are pleased to announce their co-release of "Territories," the second studio full-length from Locrian. The album was recorded in January 2009, at Phantom Manor Studios in Chicago, IL, and it features a group of collaborators including Blake Judd (Nachtmystium, Twilight), Bruce Lamont (Yakuza), Andrew Scherer (Velnias), and Mark Solotroff (Anatomy of Habit, BLOODYMINDED). André Foisy and Terence Hannum have spent the last several years honing the Locrian sound and they have taken elements from noise, power-electronics, drone, and black metal to come up with a truly unique approach that reflects the sprawling urban decay that surrounds them in Chicago. After nearly two dozen releases, they have found themselves in the world of "Territories." For this release, Locrian has pulled out all of the stops and they have fleshed out the band with the help of Mark Solotroff on vocals and synthesizer, Blake Judd on guitar, Bruce Lamont on saxophone and vocals, and Andrew Scherer on drums. The results of this massive collaborative effort are apparent from the moment that the album starts. The textures run darker and deeper; the vocals -- sometimes three layers deep -- seem to be conjured from the decrepit muck of a failed civilization; the feedback takes on a more pronounced presence; and the augmented line-up allows for full-on black metal assaults that burst out of the tortured drones that Locrian have come to be known for. Truly a case of the whole being greater than the sum of the parts, "Territories" may well be the most fully realized form of Locrian’s dystopian vision. As with their previous album, "Drenched Lands" (2009, At War With False Noise and Small Doses - CD; BloodLust! - LP), "Territories" was skillfully mastered by Jason Ward at Chicago Mastering Service, and the sound could not be more monumental. The limited edition LP version of "Territories," released in March 2010, garnered extremely strong critical attention (see selected reviews below) and we expect to reach even more ears and eyes with this new, handsome six-panel digipak compact disc edition.