Well, I'm so heady over the 8-show pawn stars up in two and a half hours (stopped to gab).
.
I think now is a fine time to start answering my own question (in last night's Cops desc).
.
Obscure Nilsson - it doesn't get much more obscure than this one.
Ever hear of a movie callled "The Son Of Dracula"?
Of course you have - but I'm not talking about THAT one (no Lon Chaney here).
.
Harry Nilsson, Ringo Star. I even saw it once, in 1974-ish.
.
Sadly, I do not have the movie ... But here's the OST:
Full of bad acting and familiar songs ... Enjoy,
.
AVIGUY

fajMMaaEh

Coming soon: "Nilsson Sings Newman" "Nilsson sings Yoko" (gotta find a missing song)
"The Point" - hah, you think you know what I'm talking about  - but which one of three?
One each narrated by: Ringo Starr, Dustin Hoffman, Harry Nilsson.
The Ringo DVD claims Dustin in the liner credits - but he aint there!
I made such a stink the DVD company just refunded my money to shut me up. Free DVD!
Anyone know if the movie "The Point" here is a DVD rip or something prior?
Gonna have to think and maybe do a LOT of work on a poor VHS rip of Dustin (you know
how VHS tapes can crackle if the recorded sound is not quite aligned with the wrong VCR?
Have the very sub-standard video file - Don't know if the tape itself is still extant.
But the really GOOD news is a fine copy of the Nilsson album where HE narrates "The Point".
You've heard "Hendrix at the Beeb"? (BBC), how about "Nilsson at the Beeb"?
Oh, and a couple more OSTs - "Popeye" and "Skidoo" where Nilsson has a bit part as a
Tower guard being eloquent with "yaddadaada yaddaa da". He also wonderfully sings the
end credits (including MCMLXVIII) 1968. How's your
.
I Think I've searched for these all exhaustively on KAT and TPB - they don't seem to exist.
I think this "Son Of Dracula" orignally came from the seemingly defunct Demonoid.
There are also a couple of other really obscure thingies I haven't made up my mind obout..
Anybody interested in 25 verwsions of "Minnie the Moocher"?
Anybody interested in 22 verwsions of "Amazing Grace"?
Anybody interested in 20 verwsions of "I fought the law and the law won"?

Oh, almost forgot (so it'll be next) Harry Nilsson, John Lennon - Pussycats.