Artist: The Bridal Procession

Album: Descent Into Arcologies

Year: 2013

Genre: Death Metal

"THE BRIDAL PROCESSION delivers a devastating, complex and merciless sound with an omnipresent message about our corrupted present and compromised future. Formed in early 2008, the band has worked hard to tour the continent a lot in just under one year of existence including 2 European tours with USA acts such as LIGEIA (Ferret Records) and SALT THE WOUND, when all members averaged 16-19 years old.

In March 2009 the band started writing its debut full length "Astronomical Dimensions" with a strong will to conquer, stronger than ever bringing the band to a whole new level of technicality.

In September of 2009, The Bridal Procession began tracking their debut album with Alexander Dietz of Heaven Shall Burn, mixing was handled by Tim Lambesis of As I Lay Dying and Daniel Castleman @ Lambesis Studios (AS I LAY DYING, WINDS OF PLAGUE…) and mastering duties were left to Alan Douches at West West Side Music (MESHUGGAH, JOB FOR A COWBOY…). In mid 2010 the release caught British extreme metal label Siege Of Amida Records attention that quickly decided to sign the band. "Astronomical Dimensions" was released in stores in February 2011 through Siege Of Amida Records.

“They have created something very hard not to like. Astronomical…is sort of like a Carry On film, except one where Sid James smokes crystal meth and rips Barbara Windsor’s limbs of.” 8/10 – Metal Hammer Magazine.

“If Dimmu Borgir and Behemoth get your black heart racing then chances are you’re going to have much to celebrate when exposed to the evil sounds of France’s The Bridal Procession. From start to finish Astronomical Dimensions sounds almost impossibly vast.“ KKK – Kerrang Magazine. 

“The temptation to give this release one under top marks is so very strong.” 9/10 – Power Play Magazine. 

After four years the band played and toured with such acts as As I Lay Dying, Emmure, All Shall Perish, The Black Dahlia Murder, Ligeia and Caliban just to name a few.

In September 2011 the band started recording the awaited sophomore album "Descent Into Arcologies" on their own with guitarist Jeff Di Rienzo's who also mixed the effort at his parisian studio. Mastering duties were once again left into the hands of Alan Douches (JOB FOR A COWBOY, THE DILLINGER ESCAPE PLAN...) The band is actually gearing up for worldwide tours in support of "Descent Into Arcologies". A release date has yet to surface..."