Artist: The Unthanks
Release: The Unthanks With Brighouse And Rastrick Brass Band
Discogs: 4037773
Released: 2012-07-30
Label: Rabble Rouser Music
Catalog#: RRM010
Format:  FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: UK
Style: Folk, World, & Country, 

Tracklisting:

01. The King Of Rome
02. Trimdon Grange Explosion
The Father's Suite
03.1. George
03.2. The Happiness Or Otherwise Of Society (Jack Elliott)
03.3. The Father's Song
03.4. George II

-
04. My Lagan Love
05. Queen Of Hearts
06. Gan To The Kye
07. Felton Lonnin
08. Blue Bleezing Blind Drunk
09. Newcastle Lullaby
10. Gresford (The Miners' Hymn)
11. Fareweel Regality

Credits:

Cover [Cover Artwork]: Becky Unthank
Design [Sleeve Design]: Steven Wainwright
Engineer [Engineering Assistance From]: Darren Hall
Engineer [Engineering Assistance From]: Rob Tomlinson
Engineer [Engineering Assistance From]: Thom Lewis
Mastered By: Nigel Palmer
Performer [Performed With]: The Brighouse And Rastrick Brass Band
Photography By: Graham Whitmore
Photography By: Jeff Goldberg
Photography By: Ken Drew
Piano, Voice: Adrian McNally
Producer: Adrian McNally
Voice: Becky Unthank
Voice: Chris Price
Voice: Niopha Keegan
Voice: Rachel Unthank

Commissioned by Brass - Durham International Festival and supported by Arts Council England.

Voice of Jack Elliott taken from the film "Death of a Miner", courtesy of the BBC and the Elliott family of Birtley.

"The King Of Rome" recorded live at The Lowry, Salford, for the BBC Folk Awards (recording courtesy of Smooth Operations and the BBC).
"Trimdon Grange Explosion", "Queen Of Hearts", "Gan To The Kye", "Newcastle Lullaby" and "Fareweel Regality" recorded live at Leeds Town Hall.
"The Father's Suite" and "My Lagan Love" recorded at Derby Assembly Rooms.
"Felton Lonnin", "Blue Bleezing Blind Drunk" and "Gresford (The Miners Hymn)" recorded live at St Georges Hall, Bristol.


Perhaps the most daring & accomplished of musical adventures to date for the Unthanks, combining their remarkable talents with that of a brass band.

Immediately transportative, the sometimes melancholic & sometimes jubilant brass is the perfect companion to the time travel afforded by their imagination-stirring voices & arrangements. At no point is the brass overwhelming or intrusive & in fact, in its minimalism, it reminds us of Johann Johannsson's stirring modern classical explorations. following 'Volume 1''s renditions of Robert Wyatt songs, 'Volume 2' is an album that charts last yearΓÇÖs collaboration with the national champions of Great Britain. "It works...best of all are the new brass arrangements of early favourites, from the bitter lament 'Blue Bleezing Blind Drunk' to the exquisite 'Fareweel Regality' 4/5 - Guardian.
 
http://dickthespic.org/