#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	02-03-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Raymon Grace, Linda Rosenbaum, Geoffrey Simmons

Dowser Raymon Grace talked about clearing negative energies, how dowsing 

works, using the power of intent, and his ability to energize water. His 

work is based on the following principles: all things are composed of 

energy and the intelligent human mind can direct energy; energy is 

impressed upon matter; and energy follows thought. He described helping a 

farmer whose alfalfa field died after accidentally being sprayed with 

Roundup by "scrambling the frequency of the Roundup and transforming it 

into fertilizer." When dowsing, he uses a numeric chart going from 1 to 

100, both plus and minus. "You'll do better if you ask a question that can 

be answered with a numeric value, rather than a yes or no," he said, 

explaining that dowsing inquiries can be answered with more specificity 

that way.

Appearing for a segment in the third hour, Linda Rosenbaum talked about 

how she got involved in dowsing, and its healing applications (initially 

facilitated by Raymon Grace) that helped rid her husband of a debilitating 

ADD/ADHD condition. Grace related the ADD problem (as well as OCD) to a 

type of brain imbalance, and has created a five minute video to help. He 

placed a thought form in the film, and suggested that when watching it you 

write down the name of the person you want to help, with the clear intent 

that Grace's energy will go out to that person. He recommended checking 

the energy of a space or place, particularly if you're planning a move. A 

lot of times you can positively affect the energy of a place or clear out 

negative energy, he said.

Grace, who conducted another of his water energizing experiments during 

the show, believes that due to his efforts (and several other people he 

worked in conjunction with), the energy level of water has been raised in 

many places around the world, after they sent out a thought form. 

Regarding various types of healings, he noted that each body part has its 

own type of intelligence and emotion, and the way to correct a problem, is 

to "thank the spiritual love and happiness for being in your body, 

and...thank your body everyday," rather than expressing negativity toward 

it.
New CPR Procedure

First hour guest, Dr. Geoffrey Simmons provided an update on cardiac 

arrest protocols. A new "hands only" CPR procedure, supported by the 

American Heart Association, and other prominent organizations, eliminates 

mouth to mouth resuscitation (unless in the case of drowning), and calls 

for a person to put pressure on the chest placing their palm on the 

sternum, and pressing rapidly at around a 100 times a minute. Video 

directions here.

News segment guests: Lauren Weinstein, Mitch Battros, Dannion Brinkley
Website(s):

    raymongraceprojects.com
    raymongracefoundation.org
    raymongrace.us
    myhusbandhasadd.com
    discovery.org

Book(s):

    The Future Is Yours: Do Something About It!
    My Husband Has ADD: and the Miraculous Discovery that Changed Our Life
    Common Sense and Disaster Preparedness

