Built to Last 
by David Macaulay
HMH Books | October 2010 | ISBN-10: 0547342403 | ePUB/PDF | 295/35.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Built-Last-David-Macaulay/dp/B004TE76RS

This new bookΓÇöinspired by three classic, award-winning booksΓÇöreveals the how and why behind some of the most fascinating and enduring structures humankind has ever created. Macaulay has revised texts based on new research, created gorgeous new drawings, in some cases wholly re-imagined scenes from the booksΓÇöbringing Castle and Cathedral to life in full-color for the very first time. The resulting illustrations add to the readerΓÇÖs understanding of these buildings, capturing intriguing new perspectives and a depth of detail in structure and atmosphere.
This impeccably researched volume is not only a necessary addition to the bookshelf of any David Macaulay or architecture fan, but will delight readers of all ages who are experiencing his work for the first time.
Three of Macaulay's classic construction books, Castle, Cathedral, and Mosque, are combined in one volume, with a wealth of new material added. Rather than merely colorizing the original lines of the first two, the artist created all new illustrations and reworked most of the text for consistency and accuracy. Felt-tipped markers and colored pencils offer striking new views in Castle and Cathedral, matching the depth, detail, and clarity of the earlier versions without the extensive crosshatching used in the original black-and-white drawings. The content of some pictures has changed, frequently adding to the human stories that are told along with the construction. The architectural complexities of the church come through in both versions of Castle, for example, but the new one subtly adds the emotional element of a funeral in progress in the background. Other changes add key steps not covered previously, such as roofing the crypt in Cathedral. Some written passages are expanded and others are more concise, depending on the topic. Some steps, such as the window-making in Cathedral, are placed earlier or later within the narrative. While the first two titles are fully revised works, Mosque remains mostly unchanged, beyond some minor text editing; with a few exceptions, such as the addition of towels for the bathing men, the illustrations are identical. Though most libraries won't want to discard their copies of Cathedral and Castle, the new color artwork and updated content give this three-books-in-one volume high value and strong appeal.

About the Author 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/c1/f6/7a6a0650e1510a7f0235d3.L._V216208159_SX200_.jpg
David Macaulay (born December 2, 1946) is a British-born American illustrator and writer. Now a resident of Norwich, Vermont, he is an alumnus and faculty member at the Rhode Island School of Design.
David Macaulay is an award-winning author and illustrator whose books have sold millions of copies in the United States alone, and his work has been translated into a dozen languages. Macaulay has garnered numerous awards including the Caldecott Medal and Honor Awards, the Boston Globe-Horn Book Award, the Christopher Award, an American Institute of Architects Medal, and the Washington Post-Children's Book Guild Nonfiction Award. In 2006, he was the recipient of a MacArthur Fellowship, given "to encourage people of outstanding talent to pursue their own creative, intellectual, and professional inclinations." Superb design, magnificent illustrations, and clearly presented information distinguish all of his books. David Macaulay lives with his family in Vermont.