 http://leetleech.org/images/69019465911035582820.jpg

Screens:
 
http://leetleech.org/images/48144993747643613734.jpg 
http://leetleech.org/images/09692441477584886298.jpg 
http://leetleech.org/images/13150895698220079838.jpg

Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes-RELOADED
Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes (c) Stardock

05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: SteamStardock
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy

The Fallen Enchantress seeks to destroy the civilizations that have risen
from the ashes of the Cataclysm. Fortunately, your fame has spread and
great heroes have been drawn to your banner. With your new champions,
you will confront new horrors like liches, brood hunters, banshees,
and the dreaded hergon.

Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is the new standalone expansion to
Stardocks turn-based, fantasy strategy game. Players will forge a new
empire in a world sundered by powerful magic, fight against terrible
creatures, complete quests and rediscover lost secrets in their bid to
rule the world of Elemental.

Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is a standalone expansion. No prior
games are required to play.

Features
Gain Champions Through Fame: Champions are no longer simply found,
instead, they seek you out based on the amount of Fame your kingdom
has generated. And not all of these legendary heroes were Men or Fallen

New Leveling System: Your sovereign and champions now evolve through a
skill tree that visually allows you to plan what kind of hero you want
him or her to be. Make your mage into a powerful Necromancer, or train
your Assassin in special attacks that bleed the life from your enemies

Updated Tactical Battles: Battles are now more intense with additional
special skills, combat mechanics, spells and new maps

New Monsters: The legendary heroes didnt reach our lands alone. The
events of the Fallen Enchantress have raised the dead and caused
forgotten creatures to return to the surface of the world

More Magic: New spells like Lightning Form and Raise Skeletal Horde
add new options and dangers to battle

Larger Maps: A new gigantic sized map delivers truly epic games

Updated Graphics Engine: An improved graphics engine delivers stunning
new visuals while improving performance on older machines
And much, much more

2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
your game install directory
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

Note: We need anything you can offer as early releases,seedboxes,links,accounts,etc
please contact us on piratepedia[@]gmail.com or our website torentz 3xforum ro
Seed Stats: 20-400 GiB at aprox 10 MiB/sec/20 slots per torrent

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
IF the game does not work for you then update drivers, directX, components
as netframework/redist files/etc, run as administrator, change compatibility
mode, block/disable access to internet, copy crack/overwrite, other tweaks,etc
Search on scene release websites for any future updates/working status/etc and 
other quality filesharing sites or just use this - other torrent search functions
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use ESET