    genre    strategy / real-time / historical
    download size    357 MB
    release date    June 4, 2003
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
    languages    English
    developer / publisher    ASCARON Entertainment / Kalypso Media Digital
    game modes    single-player, multi-player

    Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    manual (34 pages)
    map

click on a thumbnail to enlarge the screenshot
What's cool about it:

    Become a landowner, merchant, pirate or adventurer
    Command entire fleets and participate in both skirmishes and epic sea battles
    Live the life of a freelancer or pledge yourself to one of the world powers fighting for dominance over the Caribbean Sea

Overview:

Explore the Caribbean sea and towns in the predecessor to the best open-ended buccaneer game of all time! In this one your goal is to become the Governor.

You can choose between 4 different character nationalities from English, French, Dutch or Spanish. Along the way you decide your character's career path, and live an adventurer's life, where you will follow all assigned missions and tasks. You will be able to buy maps to hidden treasures, find secret pirate hovels, trade between all 60 available cities, build up your own business or become a pirate! And whatever you choose sooner or later you will participate in beautiful sea battles.

Port Royale places the player within real historic locations. You are given the option to choose between 4 different times in history ΓÇô 1570, 1600, 1630 or 1660. Each of these timelines has direct influence over the game play. You will witness wars, disasters and much more in this rich and dangerous world. So be prepared for everything and ready your cutlass and pistol ΓÇô the adventure awaits!

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Mild Violence, Alcohol Reference. PEGI Rating: 7+ with Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1 GHz Processor (1.4 GHz recommended), 256MB RAM (512 recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), Monitor (or display scaling tool) capable of displaying a 1024x768 resolution, Mouse, Keyboard

Install and Play.