
Release: Gettysburg [Tom Berenger] (1993) DVDRip Oldies
Title: Gettysburg
Title in Brazil: Gettysburg
Uploader: labok
Size: 2,05 GB
Genre: Drama / History
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 271 mins
Resolução: 592 x 336
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: MP3   
Taxa de Biltrate: 128 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 7,5 (awaiting 16.692 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107007/
Directed By: Ronald F. Maxwell

Starring:  

Tom Berenger ... Lt. Gen. James Longstreet
Martin Sheen ... Gen. Robert E. Lee
Stephen Lang ... Maj. Gen. George E. Pickett
Richard Jordan ... Brig. Gen. Lewis A. Armistead
Andrew Prine ... Brig. Gen. Richard B. Garnett
Cooper Huckabee ... Henry T. Harrison
Patrick Gorman ... Maj. Gen. John Bell Hood
Bo Brinkman ... Maj. Walter H. Taylor 
James Lancaster ... Lt. Col. Arthur Fremantle 
William Morgan Sheppard ... Maj. Gen. Isaac R. Trimble / Narrator 
Kieran Mulroney ... Maj. G. Moxley Sorrel 

Synopis:

The four and 1/4 hour depiction of the historical and personal events surrounding and including the decisive American civil war battle features thousands of civil war re-enactors marching over the exact ground that the federal army and the army of North Virginia fought on. The defense of the Little Round Top and Pickett's Charge are highlighted in the actual three day battle which is surrounded by the speeches of the commanding officers and the personal reflections of the fighting men. Based upon the novel 'The Killer Angels'.

Sinopse Pt Br:
 
Nessa grande produção reviva passo à passo a batalha decisiva da Guerra Civil Americana. Em 1863 as tropas do General Lee terão que enfrentar na Pensilvânia uma batalha decisiva contra as tropas da União, mesmo em maioria enfrentarão a grande resistência das tropas inimigas que querem mais do que nunca esmagar a rebelião dos Confederados. Viva toda a ação e o drama das tropas com visão de ambos os lados da batalha que virou um marco na histórica americana e que decidiu o futuro do país.

