Meher Baba Avatar of the Age [complete book collection]-777

Born on 25 February 1894, Meher Baba attained God-realization at the age of 19. He embarked on his mission as a Spiritual Master in the early 1920s. On 10 July 1925 he began his silence and did not speak again for the remainder of his physical lifetime. The decades that followed witnessed the establishment of centers at Meherabad and Meherazad (near Ahmednagar, India) and other places. He worked intensively with the poor, lepers, and with spiritually advanced souls known as masts. Meher Baba held many mass darshan programs. Toward the end of his life he remained in seclusion, for the most part, to complete his Universal Work. In 1954 Meher Baba declared that he is Avatar of the age. He dropped his physical form on 31 January 1969.

This torrent includes: Books BY Meher Baba, Books ON Meher Baba, German Translations, Meher Baba Journal, Messages by Baba, Photos of Baba

"I have come not to teach but to awaken. Understand therefore that I lay down no precepts. Throughout eternity I have laid down principles and precepts, but mankind has ignored them. Man's inability to live God's words makes the Avatar's teaching a mockery. Instead of practicing the compassion He taught, man has waged crusades in His name. Instead of living the humility, purity and truth of his words, man has given way to hatred, greed and violence. Because man has been deaf to the principles and precepts laid down by God in the past, in this present Avataric form I observe Silence. You have asked for and been given enough words - it is now time to live them. To get nearer and nearer to God you have to get further and further away from "I", "my", "me", and "mine". You have not to renounce anything but your own self. It is as simple as that, though found to be almost impossible. It is possible for you to renounce your limited self by my Grace. I have come to release that Grace. I repeat, I lay down no precepts. When I release the tide of Truth which I have come to give, men's daily lives will be the living precept. The words I have not spoken will come to life in them. I veil myself from man by his own curtain of ignorance, and manifest my Glory to a few. My present Avataric Form is the last Incarnation of this cycle of time, hence my Manifestation will be the greatest. When I break my Silence, the impact of my Love will be universal and all life in creation will know, feel and receive of it. It will help every individual to break himself free from his own bondage in his own way. I am the Divine Beloved who loves you more than you can ever love yourself. The breaking of my Silence will help you to help yourself in knowing your real Self. All this world confusion and chaos was inevitable and no one is to blame. What had to happen has happened; and what has to happen will happen. There was and is no way out except through my coming in your midst. I had to come, and I have come. I am the Ancient One."

tags: enlightenment, illumination, avatar, GOD, truth, wisdom, philosophy, spirituality, meditation, soul, spirit, immortality, death, life, creation, infinity