

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 50 - UFO Europe Untold Stories pt 2

 



POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh and The Holy Spirit.

Description:
C National Geographic UFO Europe Untold Stories, part 2 in 720p HD:

S01E05:  A thousand strange objects appear over Sweden, a pilot is circled by a UFO, and a journalist uncovers a mass sighting in an Italian village.

S01E06: A US pilot vanishes at the height of the Cold War, UFOs are sighted over Germany, and a series of unexplained events shock a Sicilian village.

S01E07: From strange lights in the sky to mysterious aircraft maneouvres, explore Europe's unreported and unexplained UFO history.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

National Geographic UFO UK New Evidence:

National Geographic UFO UK New Evidence 2012.  Are aliens really out there? You've heard tales of little green men from other planets, but these are normally consigned to urban legends and sci-fi fables. However, a dossier of files released by the Ministry of Defence last year proves just how seriously some of these close encounters are taken by the government. Discover the truth in UFO UK: New Evidence.

Since August 2010, these previously classified 'UFO files' have been in the public domain - and they reveal some startling goings-on in the skies above Britain. There's Winston Churchill's wartime cover-up, the alleged UFO crash in a remote part of Wales and the East Anglian sighting that left police, coastguard and radar operators scratching their heads. Among the many other reports brought to light are the hushed-up camera recording of a UFO over Scotland and the bizarre experience of a Boeing 737 jet pilot flying above Manchester.

The files also provide a fascinating insight into how attitudes towards alien visitors have changed over the years, with everything from war to The X Files playing their part in the timeline. But this is more than just a case for Mulder and Scully.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series at http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41 ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 
http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41  

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below

 
http://jesus-talks.com/blogs/blog1.php/creating-an-event-in-heaven                      A place where Jesus would feel at home. This is a new site still under construction. 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                          Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                               End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                   Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                              Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                           Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                          Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod             Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
