PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 022

Old Tymers Vol 5 - What the CHURCH Must Know


POtHS - the Word 022 - Old Tymers Vol 5 - What the CHURCH Must Know


POtHS Comment:   This is Very Well Done. Recommended.

Description

Enjoy some of the old time preaching from well-known preacher sermons of the past.  Sit back and listen to some Old Tymers tell it as it should be.  God Bless!

Bert H. Clendennen- Lost and Damned Who's to Blame:
It's made very plain through the Bible to overcome is to overcome yourself. Jesus said only the overcomer will be a part of the Bridal company and sit with Him on the throne of this universe. I don't care what you have in this life, nothing will compare to that. God wants to deal with us about the diligence required for this. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

David Wilkerson-"Breaking Away From Father" (1985 VERY RARE !!):
From the original uploadr ...  This message was preached in February 1985 at Family Worship Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, pastored by Jimmy Swaggart. At the time, David Wilkerson and Swaggart were still close friends. Sensing there was a major problem in Swaggart's life, in 1987 Wilkerson lovingly confronted Swaggart sharing with him a prophetic word from the Lord that Swaggart needed to take time from the pulpit and get things right. If Swaggart did not heed this warning, his ministry would be devastated. We all know what happened.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

UFO End Time Delusion - True Predictions and Bible Prophecy by Dr. David Allen Lewis:
In an interview with the author of Chariot's of the God's and Ancient Aliens TV show Erich Von Daniken and hidden from most of the public to this day, Von Daniken shares his inner thoughts and desires as to how he can to the conclusions presented within this field of study. As the following quote from Von Daniken reveals and to much dismay of the 50+ students who he addressed his answer, his true intentions are to help usher in the true Anti-Christ, the true politcal leader to be energized by an outerspace being, whom we know as the devil.



JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  


 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  