PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

End Times

Volume 029

The Coming Rapture - Wedding Supper of The Lamb
Prophecy from Jesus in 2012



POtHS - End Times - 29 - The Coming Rapture - Wedding Supper of The Lamb - Prophecy from Jesus in 2012


POtHS Comment:   These Girls are Real Prophets, Their Words are right the from mind of Yahweh. Everything they say is in perfect Harmony with The Holy Bible and The Word.  This is Real Prophecy from Real Prophets. Thank you Jesus for these 2 Prophets.

Description

From Susan Davis

Dear Faithful Followers of CHRIST:

Many, even Christians, don’t believe in the event called the rapture.  “Rapture” is the event the bible speaks of in which the true followers of CHRIST (also known as the bride of CHRIST) will be supernaturally removed prior to the advent of tribulation or Great Tribulation, (that was forewarned in the bible) comes on the world.

Now, many do not believe in the rapture event and say the Christians are doomed for tribulation.  Well that is partially true—the “lukewarm” Christians (the same who the LORD says HE will spit them out) will be left behind to face tribulation or sudden destruction.  The lukewarm are those who are partially interested in the LORD and yet also very much interested in participating in worldly activities and still embracing the world—GOD says the world is an enmity to HIM and you cannot serve BOTH: GOD and mammon.  Matthew 6:24 (KJV): No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve GOD and mammon.

There is a group of Christians who say there is no rapture event at all and we are all doomed to suffer tribulation.  This group is partially right.  They, themselves will not be raptured. Their lack of belief in the rapture and subsequent promotion of the “no rapture” concept to others will guarantee that they indeed will not be experiencing the rapture themselves when it occurs. If you are a post Tribber, a Pre-Trib Rapture will not happen for you. POtHS reaffirms this.

The Bible says this: 2 Timothy 4:8 (KJV): Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the LORD, the RIGHTEOUS JUDGE, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love HIS Appearing. This particular scripture describes people who are rewarded with a Crown of Righteousness from the LORD for longing for HIS Return.  To receive the Crown of Righteousness, you need to be “looking” for a RESCUING GOD and not a god who is sending his devoted people (bride) into hopelessness and tribulation—two completely different looks here.

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  