

How To Talk Dirty A Guide For Women: Drive Your Man Crazy By Talking Dirty And Being Naughty


Denise Brienne 
2012 
Language: English
ASIN: B007TNPNY4
75 pages 
PDF,EPUB 
3.60 MB

Good dirty talk can rev up your relationship like nothing else. If you’re ready to learn, you’ve come to the right place!

 From the very beginning of our lives, our words are anticipated. The smallest “coo” when we are babies is listened to with baited breath. That first giggle is often enough to provoke gales of laughter and maybe even tears of pride.

 At some point, we realize that our sounds can give us what we want. Babies quickly learn that if they cry about something, Mommy and Daddy will be there to take care of the problem. One of the first things we learn is the power behind our voices!

 Then we begin to talk. Oh, what a glorious day that is! Parents and doctors wait anxiously for that first comment, and when it comes, it’s cause for celebration. They call friends with the good news, tell strangers at the grocery store, and break out the video camera. Our first words are show-stoppers.

 But somewhere along the way, those fantastic words become commonplace, and the magic disappears. Discovering new words becomes a non-event. Even learning a new language isn’t all that impressive. After all, everyone does it. Learning a new language has become the trendy thing to do.

 But there is a different language, one that only seasoned adults can handle. It’s the language of love. More specifically, the language of lust.

 It’s the language of dirty talk.

 It’s all about taboo phrases, naughty curse words, and innuendo that would make a porn star blush. It’s all about making your partner anticipate what comes next. It’s about making him so eager, so hot, so turned on, that a single word from you can tip him over the edge of desire. With an ear for adventure and an open mind, you can have him hanging on every word.

 There was a time when you learned that your voice and your words had the power to move people. Your words had the power to get what you wanted, and to get it fast. Now that you’re an adult, you have that same power, just ready to be discovered all over again. Your dirty talk can give you what you want in bed -- you just have to learn the language.

 Read on and find out how. You know you want to!

 
http://img442.imageshack.us/img442/2585/48e07b7e7f957961d90070d.jpg


Eat Men For Breakfast- 8 Simple and Powerful Tips To Attract and Keep a Man

Ori Ben
2012 
Language: English
ASIN: B00AA8LPZ6
27 pages 
PDF  
443 KB

A man's mind is a complicated thing, and understanding men is an impossible task. WRONG! Men are actually very simple, easy to operate creatures. You just need to understand some basic truths about men and accept them. The nature of relationships between men and women have not changed since the beginning of time; they are just wrapped differently today. So in this book I gathered 8 powerful tips that will help you better understand men and have better chances in succeeding in your relationships with men.

What inspired me to write this e-book was years of watching the mistakes that women make when dealing with men. Mistakes that a lot of time gets the relationship or what could have been a relationship down the drain.

This book has no major discovery about the inner lives of men, but it will help you better understand men and how you should conduct yourself when interacting with them.

