Hayden Hawke's Gold Guide (5.0.4) PDF. Had it laying around, figured I'd upload it.


Table of Contents
	

Module 1: 11 Addons You Can't Live Without

Making Gold with Addons is the new hot thing in World of Warcraft. To really become great at making gold, YOU NEED THEM! But you can't just install them, you NEED TO KNOW HOW TO USE THEM PROPERLY! There are 11 of them that you don't want to do without. I'm not only going to tell you what they are but also I'm going to show you how to use them to unleash their full power to get rich!
	

	

Module 2: The Auction House Made Easy

Knowing how to use the Auction House and Mastering the Auction House are two completely different things. The difference between the two reflects entirely on how much gold you have. If you have a lot of gold then you've probably mastered it, if you don't, then you need to get this to Learn to Master it. In this module I cover some of the best kept Auction House Secrets used by the pros.

	

	

Module 3: Get Paid to Gather

Gathering is one of the best and easiest ways to make a lot of gold but most people have no idea how to do it efficiently. This module will cover the best items to gather and where to gather them in complete detail with maps. You'll always know where the best farming spots in the game are. Gather and watch your gold pile grow!

	

	

Module 4: Crafting Your Way to Thousands A Day

Over the last few years I've spent time developing a system using crafting professions that allows you to earn thousands a day by only spending 20 minutes or less in game. I will show you exactly how to do it in this module. You won't find this information anywhere else.

	

	

Module 5: Fishing and Cooking Your Way To Prosperity

Fishing and cooking is one of the best ways to make gold that is often overlooked. I'm going to show you with detailed maps the best places to fish and the best things to cook. Using this information will allow you to make a ton of gold.

	

	

Module 6: Farm and Grow Rich

Farming can be simple, fast, and fun if you know what you're doing. This module includes maps and details for the best farming spots in game and which items you should be farming. Don't waste time on anything else if you're going to farm. And don't let others fool you, you can make an insane amount of gold with farming.

	

	

Module 7: Quick and Easy Instance Farming

Instances farming is by far my favorite way to make gold because it's so fun! This module covers what instances are the hottest to farm to make the most gold. Complete walkthroughs are provided and they let you know how much you should be making in each instance.

	

	

Module 8: A Guide To Making Gold Before Level 85

Here you'll learn everything you wanted to know about making gold before level 85. This precious module is missing from most other gold guides that only focus on being max level. Not only do I cover it, but I tell you how to get rich before you're max level.

	

	

Module 9: Making Gold for Fun and Profit

Yes, contrary to popular belief, there are miscellaneous ways to make a lot of gold that are really fun. This module is a compilation of some of the most unique gold making ideas and how to properly implement them so they work for you.