Really great album - if you like it, buy it!

To quote an amazon review: 
"If you know or are a fan of bands such as Anberlin, The Almost, Demon Hunter, Emery, Jonezetta, or TFK, then you're familiar with some of Aaron Sprinkle's work... and that's just to name a few bands that he's worked with. He's best known for being a record producer for Tooth & Nail and lead singer of a band called Fair. While I could fill an entire page of his other accomplishments, I'm going to stick with summarizing my thoughts on Fair's sophomore record, Disappearing World.

For Tooth & Nail and a lot of other people, this album is a big deal. While we have other bands that Sprinkle has produced albums for, we don't get to hear too much straight from the big man himself. I expected this album to be something of an epic. Sprinkle said that he didn't regret a single moment on the album, so for someone with such good taste to say that really caught my attention. It may have taken me a few listens to fully understand it, but I think it exceeds my expectations, and will for plenty of others as well.

The title track opens the album, and from there you can kind of tell where things are going. The music contains an instantly recognizable pop rock/alternative sound, but reaches well above those in the same genre. Sprinkle's familiar yet unique voice and his catchy lyricism give the album some of its character. He manages to capture the sound of some of the older music that has influenced him, as was his goal. Just recently, someone I know who was unacquainted with Fair asked me if I was listening to The Beatles. The calm but upbeat attitude that relies heavily on the keys is the kind of thing that makes the perfect soundtrack for clear, sunny days. To put it plainly, Fair is fair, and very enjoyable.

There are so many moments in the song "Disappearing World" that you can tell are destined to be remembered- a peaceful intro, a catchy chorus, an honest bridge, a talented guitar solo. It contains the kind of things that make a fantastic single. "One Last Time" is one of the most outstanding songs on the album. It makes for a great pop tune that you just know you'll find yourself humming later, not to mention the genius lyrics. "Take Some Risks" plays the role of the first ballad on the album, and comes across successful. It has a string section, blues-y guitars,and expert vocals, which, oddly, make for a great ballad. "The Escape Artist" and "It's Doubtful" are both fun tracks, with fantastic choruses and beats that'll have you subconsciously tapping your feet, while keeping things on the melodic side. The latter has great lyrics, singing "If I'm happy, there's a good chance I'm lying through my teeth/ Cause without You, it's doubtful/ And it would take a miracle I know/ to set this straight, and give back the hours that I stole/ Cause without You, it's doubtful," and also includes one more outstanding guitar solo.

There's a bittersweet moment on the album's eighth track, "The Worst of Your Wear." Aaron Marsh of Copeland-whose albums Sprinkle produced-does guest vocals. This would be an entirely happy moment had the band not broken up in October. But it makes the track all the more special. It even sounds like a Copeland song.

An emotional but well-done track closes out the album, leaving the listener with the feeling you get after listening to a near-perfect record. Even though there are only ten tracks, these are Aaron Sprinkle's best. This is a very special treat that only comes once in a while, so get it while it's hot. "