SOURCE: DVD-R

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110891/


-SAMPLE: Yes

-SUBTITLE: No

-LANGUAGE: English


DIRECTOR: Gabriel Axel


CAST:
---------
Christian Bale, Gabriel Byrne, Helen Mirren, Kate Beckinsale, Tom Wilkinson, Brian Cox, Andy Serkis


PLOT:
--------
***This re-telling of Hamlet goes back to the original Danish source material. The opening scenario remains the same: Hamlet's father murdered by his brother who then weds the widowed mother. Hamlet must discover his strength and leadership that will allow him to regain his rightful throne. Don't expect an ending which matches the Bard's though, this is more like a true Viking epic.***This European historical saga presents the true tale of intrigue, regicide, incest, and insanity on which Shakespeare based Hamlet. It begins in the ancient Danish kingdom of
Jutland in the sixth century. There ambitious Prince Fenge (Gabriel Byrne) murders his brother the king and one of his sons, but masks it as the casualty of a highway robbery. The dark prince then claims both the throne and his former sister-in-law, queen Geruth (Helen Mirren). Her son Amled saw the killings, but feigns madness to spare his life. Amled then begins preparing his revenge. Fenge is not convinced of Amled's madness and arranges for a beautiful maid to seduce the truth out of him. That doesn't work so Fenge sends his nephew to visit the Scottish home of his friend Aethelwine (Brian Cox), who will receive orders to kill him. Amled learns of the plot and changes the orders, immediately winning Aethelwine's favor, winning a battle for the man, and marrying his daughter (Kate Beckinsale). Then the resourceful prince travels back to Jutland to deal with his uncle.


General
-------------
Format : AVI
Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave
File size : 920 MiB
Duration : 1h 43mn
Overall bit rate : 1243 Kbps


Video
--------
Format : MPEG-4 Visual
Format profile : Advanced Simple@L5
Format settings, BVOP : 1
Format settings, QPel : No
Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
Format settings, Matrix : Custom
Codec ID : XVID
Codec ID/Hint : XviD
Duration : 1h 43mn
Bit rate : 1 108 Kbps
Width : 512 pixels
Height : 384 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 4:3
Frame rate : 25.000 fps
Color space : YUV
Chroma subsampling : 4:2:0
Bit depth : 8 bits
Scan type : Progressive
Compression mode : Lossy
Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.225
Stream size : 820 MiB (89%)
Writing library : XviD 64


Audio
--------
Format : MPEG Audio
Format version : Version 1
Format profile : Layer 3
Mode : Joint stereo
Mode extension : MS Stereo
Codec ID : 55
Codec ID/Hint : MP3
Duration : 1h 43mn
Bit rate mode : Constant
Bit rate : 128 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Compression mode : Lossy
Stream size : 94.7 MiB (10%)
Alignment : Aligned on interleaves
Interleave, duration : 80 ms (2.00 video frames)
Interleave, preload duration : 504 ms
Writing library : LAME3.99r
