Topaz B&W Effects for Adobe Photoshop

Create rich and dynamic images full of compelling tone and detail with this all-in-one solution for professional black and white photos. Use over two hundred beautiful 1-click effects, a finely-tuned B&W conversion engine, unique creative processing, selective adjustment brushes, and pixel-perfect grain reproduction to enhance your art.

Traditional Collection
Features simplified black and white effects that render a traditional look.

Stylized Collection
Combines traditional black and white with creative effects like diffusion, cartoon, paint, multi-tone effects, and more.

Albumen Collection
Varies in color from purple to chocolate brown. The most common photographic print used in the 19th century.

Opalotype Collection
Printed on sheets of translucent white glass called opal or milk glass, and hand-tinted with colors to enhance effect.

Toned Collection
Infuses traditional black and white effects with tones of copper, gold, selenium, sepia and antique.

Cyanotype Collection
Simulates the Cyanotype photographic printing process, which results in a cyan or blue print.

Van Dyke Brown Collection
Characterized by lush sepia and brown tonalities. Prints vary in hue and color through different toning options.

Platinum Collection
Warm black to silvery white. Highly regarded for broad tonal ranges and ability to hold important image detail.

Adaptive Exposure Integration
Powerful contrast is the key to creating stunning black and white photos. Enhance both detail and depth using Topaz adaptive exposure technology.

True Grain Library
Use real grain physically scanned from real film. Choose from a wide variety of popular true grain styles to give your photos an authentic look and feel.

Creative Effects
Add realistic, graphic, and artistic flair to your images with a selection of stylized tools like Simplify, Diffusion, Posterize, and more.

Finishing Effects
Finish strong by putting a final dramatic touch on your work with creative finishes like toning, grain, borders, vignettes and more.

System Requirements:

Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
2 GB RAM minimum - preferably more
Adobe Photoshop CS4-CS6 (32-bit and 64-bit), Adobe Photoshop Elements 6-11.
Lightroom 2-4 via Topaz Fusion Express
Irfanview
PaintShop Pro
Photo Impact
Serif Photo Plus
photoFXlab ONLY - Video Card should support OpenGL 2.1 technology and later (A better video card will increase performance even more so than a faster computer processor.)

Homepage: http://www.topazlabs.com/bweffects/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given Key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.