South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut [Explicit Lyrics]

Barnes & Noble - Donald Gray
Displaying a gift for musical parody first revealed in his little-seen directorial debut, Cannibal! The Musical, writer/director/performer Trey Parker does it all in the hilarious soundtrack to South Park: Bigger, Longer, & Uncut. His original songs span a variety of musical styles -- from the lush, playful quality of the opening "Mountain Town," to Terence and Phillip's rambunctious signature tune, "Uncle F**ka" which includes a "dueling farts" breakdown that sounds a bit like a flatulent version of trading fours and even a tender ballad "Eyes of a Child" performed by sweet-voiced ex-Doobie Michael McDonald. But the best moments are, without question, Mr. Mackey's inspirational ode to censorship, "It's Easy MMMkay?"; the hawkish anthem, "Blame Canada"; Big Gay Al's frothy rendition of "I'm Super"; "Kyle's Mom's a Bitch," performed with suitable brio by superstar Eric Cartman; and the wackily buoyant "What Would Brian Boitano Do?" The celebrity performers include Isaac Hayes Chef, Kid Rock and tiny Joe C., Trick Daddy, Geddy Lee, and the Violent Femmes. As Cartman might say, this is one soundtrack that's guaranteed to warp your fragile little mahnd.

All Music Guide - Stephen Thomas Erlewine
From the sounds of the soundtrack for South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut, when Trey Parker and Matt Stone decided to take their vulgarian cartoon to the big screen, they decided to take to heart Milhouse's immortal words to Bart: "Let's go crazy, Broadway style!" And so the film's original songs parody the Great White Way and movie musicals, forms that South Park's core audience ignores -- they prefer rap and metal, usually mixed together. That's what the second half of the record is all about: rap interpretations of songs from the film, along with a couple of songs that were simply inspired by the film. Marc Shaiman has helped Parker turn in some particularly wicked satires, particularly with "What Would Brian Boitano Do?" and the opening revue, "Mountain Town," not to mention the Michael McDonald showcase, "Eyes of a Child."
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/south-park-bigger-longer-uncut/2806440?ean=75678319921

01 - Mountain Town
02 - Uncle Fucka
03 - Its Easy, Mmmkay
04 - Blame Canada
05 - Kyle's Mom's A Bitch
06 - What Would Brian Boitano Do
07 - Up There
08 - La Resistance (Medley)
09 - Eyes Of A Child
10 - I Can Change
11 - I'm Super
12 - Mountain Town (Reprise)
13 - Good Love
14 - Shut Yo Face
15 - Riches To Rags (Mmmkay)
16 - Kyle's Mom's a Big Fat Bitch
17 - What Would Brian Boitano Do Pt. II
18 - I Swear It (I Can Change)
19 - Super
20 - O Canada

Full Liner Scans Included