File Name:Avast Internet Security 2013 Build 8.0.1483 + Permanent Activater Till 2050

Product Version: Internet Security 2013 8.0.1483

Released: 2013-03-07

Product Info:

Go beyond antivirus to protect yourself:
avast! Internet Security provides complete antivirus, anti-spyware, antispam, and firewall protection, complemented by remote assistance options, a software updater, and avast! SafeZone™, built specifically for online shopping and banking threats you’ll encounter in 2013.

Make sure your identity stays yours alone:
Our built-in silent firewall blocks hackers and other unauthorized entry attempts to steal sensitive personal data from your PC. Plus, email spam and phishing attacks are prevented with built-in anti-spam.

Shop and bank online without worry:
SafeZone™ is a private and isolated virtual window on your desktop, for securing your sensitive financial transactions online. Perfect for auction sites, buying tickets, booking hotels or airlines, online gaming, or any sort of monetary transfer.

Surf and socialize without worry:
Sandbox lets you surf the web and run even risky programs virtually, outside your PC. And our Web, IM, and P2P shields ensure your safety on social networks (e.g.or Twitter) and online dating sites, IM chats (e.g. Skype or ICQ), or peer-to-peer file-sharing sites.

Benefit from real-time protection:
Hybrid cloud technology streams your virus database updates to your PC in real-time, so your avast! software has all virus definitions as soon as they are known to our Virus Lab.

Know what’s coming before you click:
Our cloud-based FileRep feature keeps reputation data on millions of files, so we can warn you of a file’s reputation before you open it.

Manage avast! on all your devices:
Your AVAST Account portal is your personal directory for all your avast! related data, for all your desktop and mobile devices. Each month, we also prepare for you a Security Report that shows an overview of the most significant details (e.g. number of infected sites blocked).

Get help from a ‘Geek’ in your network:
Our Remote Assistance lets you connect remotely to friends or family members for computer help. It routes through AVAST’s servers, bypasses firewalls, and can be terminated by either party at any time.

Screenshots:




Product Cover:


Please Seed As Long As Possible
Thanks And Enjoy :)
KatPirate3.0 :)


