The Dante of DmC is a young man who has no respect for authority or
society in general. Dante knows that he is not human, but also that he
is not like the demons that have tormented him throughout his life
Caught between worlds, he feels like an outcast

He is now discovering and coming to terms with what it means to be the
child of a demon and an angel. This split personality has a real impact
on gameplay with Dante being able to call upon angel and demon abilities
at will, transforming his Rebellion sword on the fly to dramatically
affect both combat and movement

Do it with style - Utilize Dante's Angel and Demon powers to chain
together ground-based and aerial combos to achieve the best style
ranking

Who is Dante? - Explore Dante's early years in a gripping narrative
featuring familiar faces from the series alongside all new characters

Unbridled action - The intense and iconic sword and gun based combat
returns with the addition of new weapons all designed to dispatch
the demonic spawn back to hell with style and panache

Retaining the Devil May Cry DNA - Capcom staff, including team members
from previous Devil May Cry titles, have been assigned to the project
from the outset to ensure DmC is a true addition to the Devil May Cry
franchise

Unrivalled production values - Ninja Theory will take advantage of the
latest performance capture technology to deliver a level of character
design, story-telling and cinematics that perfectly complements DmC's
high-octane combat


1. Install the game
2. When you are asked to install netframework or update it, do it
directory of the game, overwriting the existing file
3. Play the game from desktop shortcut
4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=15127.0



We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      
