Buddy Guy (ft. Quinn Sullivan)
Lakefront Park
Prior Lake, MN
7-16-11


-Audience Recording using Zoom H2 rear internal mics &gt;SD Card&gt;PC&gt;Adobe Audition&gt;CD Wave Editor (split tracks)&gt;TLH&gt;FLAC Level 8 
-"A "MN Gneiss" recording" 
-Feel free to re-master, share on any other torrent site, convert to MP3, just never ever sell it. Also, if you like this show, why not support the artist by buying their music? 



1. ?
2. ?
3. ?
4. 74 Years Young
5. Buddy's Blues (Quinn Sullivan)
6. Blues Child (Quinn Sullivan)
7. My Sweet Guitar (Quinn Sullivan)
8. Strange Brew (Cream cover)
9. ? (Hendrix cover) (Quinn & Buddy)
10. Boom Boom (John Lee Hooker cover)
11. Drowning On Dry Land (Albert King cover)
12. Weekend Uniform (Quinn Sullivan)
13. Let The Door Knob Hit Ya


This was probably one of the most frustrating concerts I've been to. The sound quality on the recording is decent, but a few things before you decide if you want to download it or not.

1. The first 3 songs have very low/no vocals due to technical difficulties at the venue, which you can hear people around us getting frustrated by, and you can hear Buddy after the third song shout "we'll be right back" while the staff tries to solve the problem.

2. When they finally did solve the vocal problems (after about 15 minutes), Buddy played one song and then brought out Quinn Sullivan, a 12 year old guitar prodigy that has been touring with Buddy recently. Now, he is very talented, but he plays more than Buddy during the show, and while I get Buddy is getting up there in years, it was disappointing that we got more of Quinn than Buddy. I would have rather seen Buddy play for 45 minutes to an hour first and then let Quinn come out so people can at least get their fill of Buddy.

3. I do not drink, but I really don't have a problem with people who drink at concerts, but you'd think some people view the concert as background to their coversation. I was unforunate enough to be in front of a group of 4 people who really didn't stop talking throughout the whole show, and you can even hear a few people around me asking them to stop at some points. I turned around and literally they were in a circle and two of the people had their backs to the stage and were in conversation and just loud and drunk throughout the whole show. I just don't get the point of going to a concert and ruining everyone else's experience because you decided to have a few too many. Go to a bar if your main objective is to get as drunk as possible and yell over the music.

Anyways, seeing Buddy was great, the guy is a legend, but it was definitely a disappointing experience and I probably would have walked out if it wouldn't have been someone of Buddy's stature.

 
http://music4humans.us/
