Need For Speed - Carbon Collector's Edition Repack

Year: October 31, 2006
Genre: Arcade / Racing
Developer: EA Black Box
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Publication Type: Repack
Language: English / Russian  
Sound language:English / Russian 
Crack: enclosing



Operating system: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Pentium IV 1.7GHz / Athlon XP 2.2GHz
Memory: 512 MB
Video: 256 MB nVidia Geforce 4 Ti / 256 MB ATI Radeon 8500
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free space on hard disk: 4.7 GB

   
Steel chrome beauties sparkle at the starting line. Motors compete in volume. Guitar strings strung nerves. Wag graceful feminine hands - and all participants with furious speed thwarted in rapid flight, leaving only a trail of smoke from the hot tires. Lightning skipping block by block, forget uncertainty and fear. You have the power superhuman power, hundreds of horses under the hood of brilliant! With their help you prove your right to be called the king of the roads in a new episode of automobile saga Need for Speed.
    

Competition begins in the city, where you have to win honor and respect to opponents from different areas. You are very risk, challenging steep children on expensive wheelbarrows, and can lose everything. But without risk there is no victory and recognition - even where there are competing the best of the best, always only one winner. Hazardous event sure to attract police attention. And when things heat up to the limit, you have to leave the streets and move the race in Carbon Canyon famous. Here's the real test will begin!

Features Collector's Edition

4 exclusive cars: 2006 Koenigsegg CCX, 2006 Chevrolet Camaro Concept, 2007 Jaguar XK, 1992 Nissan 240 SX
6 new types of races
3 exclusive tracks for drifting
3 exclusive championship
10 models of cars with an exclusive tuning
10 exclusive vinyls options

Keygen in the game folder
Bilingual installs
Installed the latest patch 1.4
Cut all languages except English and Russian
Installation time - 8-10 minutes