Cherie Deville - Hawt Blonde Gets Pounded

Apr 25, 2013 - Performers: Cherie Deville 


MP4 + Pics.

 
Blonde All-American beauty Cherie starts in a standing spread with her arms harshly bound in reverse prayer. She desperately tries to please, enduring a hard pussy flogging. Claire tightens the neck rope pulling her neck into an intense angle. A vibrator is held in front of her cunt. If she wants to get off, she is going to have to strangle herself. Claire feels the cunt needs more incentive to go get the vibrator and attaches nipple clamps, using them as a leash to urge the hot blonde to get off. The hot blonde cums again and again all over the vibrator. In a writing hot mess, she gets even more excited and is more than willing to experience choking herself to be a greedy cum whore. Claire needs more than that to be impressed however, and flips the bitch onto her stomach and into an intense back arch.

Second, our big breasted bimbo is bound seated on a chair in what she thinks will be a comfortable position, she could not be more wrong. Her knees are pried open. Unable to close them, she is gone after with the tazapper. Claire puts her hands over Cherie's eyes and plays a game where Cherie can't tell where she is going to be zapped next. Then the chair is taken away. Cherie is made to endure a really uncomfortable ballet squat lunge while she is flogged and then rewarded with the vibrator. She can barely stand it. The sensation is so intense for her. Still not done, Claire flips Cherie onto her stomach and goes after her cunt with a slick black cock and vibrator. Again and again Cherie cums and is incredibly sensitive to the vibrator, desperately trying to get away from the intensity.

Finally, Cherie starts bound on the bed in a spread eagle. She is made to give a sloppy wet blow job to a thick black cock that is about to fuck her in the ass. She is bent over and pounded hard on the bed, before being suspended upside down and held in place by next ropes. Claire puts her boot on the rope, asphyxiating Cherie as she goes after her cunt and clit. Orgasm after orgasm is ripped from Cherie... a well used cunt.

Screens 
http://www.hogtied.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=30081

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

