    genre    rpg / action / fantasy
    download size    14.9 GB
    avg. user rating
    release date    April 17, 2012
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
    languages    Audio: English, French, German, Polish, Russian. Text: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Czech, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Chinese, Turkish.
    developer / publisher    CD Projekt RED / CD Projekt
    game modes    single-player

    Bonus content included :
    manual
    19 wallpapers
    game guide
    high quality artbook (232 pages)
    soundtrack (320 kb/s 50 tracks)
    14 bonus videos (46 min)
    6 making of videos (48 min)
    14 avatars
    41 HQ artworks
    Triss Playboy session
    comic book (50 pages)
    map of The Northern Kingdom
    7 papercraft dolls with game's characters
    pamphlet & envelope
    localized extras (HU, PL)
    localized extras (ZH, CZ, DE, EN, ES)
    localized extras (FR, IT, JP)

What's New in the Enhanced Edition:

Additional hours of gameplay: New major adventures set in previously unseen locations, expanding the story and introducing new characters, mysteries and monsters.

New Game Introduction and Cinematics: All new animations and cut scenes, including a new, three and a half minute pre-rendered cinematic depicting the assassination of King Demavend of Aedirn. BAFTA Award winner and Academy Award nominee Tomasz Baginski brings this key historical event to life, setting the stage for the story told in The Witcher 2.

The Witcher 2, in its most definitive Enhanced Edition, is available through automatic update for free, for all existing and new users.

The second installment in the RPG saga about the Witcher, Geralt of Rivia. A new, modern game engine, responsible both for beautiful visuals and sophisticated game mechanics puts players in the most lively and believable world ever created in an RPG game. A captivating story, dynamic combat system, beautiful graphics, and everything else that made the original Witcher such a great game are now executed in a much more advanced and sophisticated way.

The Witcher 2 was acclaimed one of the best RPGs by the biggest worldwide media outlets:
- “Redefines expectations for an entire genre” – New York Times
- “One of the best role-playing games in years” – IGN – 9/10
- “You can't afford to miss it” – Gametrailers – 9.4/10
- “One of the most memorable and best written fantasy video games you'll ever play” – 1up

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: MATURE with Blood and Gore, Intense Violence, Nudity, Strong Language, Strong Sexual Content, Use of Drugs PEGI Rating: 18 with Violence, Bad Language USK Rating: 16+ BBFC Rating: 18 Contains very strong language, strong sex and bloody violence. OFLC: R16 Contains violence, offensive language and sex scenes.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: MATURE with Use of Drugs, Strong Sexual Content, Strong Language, Nudity, Intense Violence, Blood and Gore. PEGI Rating: 18+ with Bad Language, Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP/Vista/7, processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.2 GHz or similar AMD 1 GB RAM for Windows XP, 2 GB RAM for Windows Vista and 7, Nvidia GF 8800 512 VR or ATI Radeon HD 3850 512 MB, 23 GB HDD space
Recommended system requirements: Windows XP/Vista/7, processor: Quad Core Intel or similar AMD, 3 GB RAM for Windows XP, 4 GB RAM for Windows Vista and 7, Nvidia GF 260 1GB or ATI HD4850 1GB, 23 GB HDD space

Install and Play.