Wikipedia:
The music of the American television series Twin Peaks, and its 1992 prequel film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me, was composed by Angelo Badalamenti. Twin Peaks' co-creator David Lynch penned lyrics for five songs used throughout the seriesΓÇöincluding "Falling", "The Nightingale", "Into the Night", "Just You" and "Sycamore Trees"ΓÇöand three songs featured in Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me, including "A Real Indication", "Questions in a World of Blue" and "The Black Dog Runs at Night." Julee Cruise, who made cameo appearances in both the series and film, provided vocals for four of Lynch's and Badalamenti's collaborations, and jazz vocalist Jimmy Scott performed on "Sycamore Trees." Three of the series actors, James Marshall, Lara Flynn Boyle and Sheryl Lee, provided vocals for "Just You."
Badalamenti's compositions have been released on three soundtrack albums: Soundtrack from Twin Peaks (1990), Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992) and Twin Peaks Music: Season Two Music and More (2007). Starting in March 2011, David Lynch began distributing The Twin Peaks Archive, a collection of previously unreleased and unused songs on his official web site for digital download. In total, 215 songs were made available for download.
Twin Peaks' music has received widespread critical acclaim. The Guardian has said that the original soundtrack "still marks the summit of TV soundtracks"[1] and Allmusic reviewer Stephen Eddins has referred to it as "a model of film music ideally matched to the images and actions it underscores." The main theme song to Twin Peaks, composed by Badalamenti, also received a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance at the 1991 Grammy Awards.

Country: USA
Genre: Sountrack
Quality: FLAC

[b]Tracklist:[/b]
Side 1:
"Twin Peaks Theme"
"Laura Palmer's Theme"
"Audrey's Dance"
"The Nightingale" (vocal by Julee Cruise)
"Freshly Squeezed"
"The Bookhouse Boys"

Side 2:
"Into the Night" (vocal by Julee Cruise)
"Night Life in Twin Peaks"
"Dance of the Dream Man"
"Love Theme from Twin Peaks"
"Falling" (vocal by Julee Cruise)