Create + Combine: Nitro Pro 8 lets you easily create industry-standard PDF files from almost any file format. And sharing is seamless: any PDF created in Nitro Pro can be opened and viewed on virtually any machine, and will display identically to what you intended it to.

Edit Text + Images: From simple typos to extensive formatting, Nitro Pro 8 makes it easy to get your PDF files exactly how you want them. Simply click on the document element to be edited and make your changes GÇô directly within the PDF file.

Convert + Export: Featuring 3 conversion modes and advanced extraction tools, Nitro Pro 8 lets you reuse and repurpose PDF-based content with greater accuracy. You can extract text and images from reports, presentations, and more for reuse in any other application.

Scan + OCR: Instantly turn any hardcopy document into a searchable and editable PDF file with Nitro ProGÇÖs Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology. Digital documents are easier to search, index, archive, share and distribute. TheyGÇÖre also greener and more cost-effective.

Collaborate + Review: Sharing feedback has never been easier. Nitro Pro 8 streamlines your review cycles by facilitating communication across multiple teams, documents and geographic locations. Nitro Pro is 100% compatible with Adobe-« Acrobat-«, Adobe Reader, and other solutions.

Sign + Certify: No more wasting time with the print-sign-scan-send routine. Nitro Pro 8 lets you convert forms and documents to PDF, then add encrypted digital signatures GÇö making the entire electronic approval process faster than ever before.

Control + Protect: Rest assured: with Nitro Pro 8 your PDF content is always protected, never vulnerable. You can easily restrict PDF access and usage, set password protections, delete sensitive information, and control how your system interacts with potentially malicious content.

And yeah all instructions given on rar unrar the archive and read it :)

Screenshots Included in the archive ok guy i have to tell you something read this part:-

Ok guys i have included a keygen in 64 bit and a text key in 32bit archive/s and the installation instruction in 64 bit is given in pdf format(for better and ease)
you can follow through the same process of installation given on pdf 4 installation in 32bit also.....if the key not work 4 u however read me txt is included in both the archives for safe installation