Award-winning Nero Burning ROM burns and copies CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs with superb quality and advanced security options. Burn & copy reliable CDs, DVDs & Blu-ray Discs. Don’t miss out on disc burning after you upgrade to Windows® 8.

Advanced, reliable & secure disc burning – now Windows® 8 ready
 There’s a reason Nero Burning ROM is the application you’ve trusted for years with your most important data. Its advanced disc burning engine simply lets you burn reliable and secure CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs™. With more incredible new features and support for Windows® 8, there’s no reason to use anything else.

Span large files efficiently across multiple discs, automatically
 Don’t waste discs. With Nero DiscSpan, you can split oversized files and burn them to multiple discs. With the all-new Nero DiscSpan SmartFit feature, go even one step further and automatically span the data across the fewest number of discs possible. Even mix disc types to use your optical media economically.

Little touches that makes all the difference
 Now with Nero Burning ROM, you can create CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs™ that begin playing a defined executable file with an assigned icon automatically when you put them into your PC drive. It’s the little touches that make all the difference!

Stand up to scratches and protect privacy
 Inevitably, discs get scratched. But scratched discs don’t have to become unusable. With Nero SecurDisc technology, your burned data can withstand disc scratches and discs that deteriorate from age. Moreover SecurDisc technology enables you to create password protected data discs for utmost privacy and protection.

Rip audio from CDs and convert audio
 Still one of the easiest ways to make your own compilations and take your favorite playlists with you anywhere. Use Nero Burning ROM to rip audio CDs to your PC, remix them and create your own discs to play on your home or car stereo. Also convert your audio files to a great variety of high quality audio formats including APE, FLAC, AIFF, OGG, and more. Set variable bitrates for MP3/MP3 PRO to gain highest quality output with minimum amount of storage space.

Easily create and burn disc images
 Use ImageRecorder to create disc image files easily – just drag and drop. Burn ISO, NRG, CUE and IMG disc image formats to CDs, DVDs or Blu-ray Disc™.

OS: Windows XP/Vista/7/8
Home Page: nero.com
Interface: multilingual 