The Verso Book of Dissent, edited by Andrew Hsiao and Audrea Lim; preface by Tariq Ali (Verso, 2010). 366 pages.

New scan. Searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks, accurate pagination and metadata, etc. Since this book isn't divided into proper chapters, the bookmarks roughly divide the book into the dates attributed to the quotations.

Description:

A sparkling anthology of revolt and resistance to orthodoxy and repression.

Throughout the ages and across every continent, people have struggled against those in power and raised their voices in protest - rallying others around them and inspiring uprisings in eras yet to come. Their echoes reverberate from Ancient Greece, China and Egypt, via the dissident poets and philosophers of Islam and Judaism, through to the Arab slave revolts and anti-Ottoman rebellions of the Middle Ages. These sources were tapped during the Dutch and English revolutions at the outset of the Modern world, and in turn flowed into the French, Haitian, American, Russian and Chinese revolutions. More recently, resistance to war and economic oppression has flared up on battlefields and in public spaces from Beijing and Baghdad to Caracas and Los Angeles. 

This anthology, global in scope, presents voices of dissent from every era of human history: speeches and pamphlets, poems and songs, plays and manifestos. Every age has its iconoclasts, and yet the greatest among them build on the words and actions of their forerunners. The Verso Book of Dissent will become an invaluable resource, reminding todayΓÇÖs citizens that these traditions will never die.

Review

"This edition provides a thoughtful compilation of the reactions to the privileges some possess today, alongside the injustice the dispossessed endure - next to the pyramids of the powerful." (PopMatters)

"The Verso Book of Dissent shows the many ways in which the constant struggle to create a better world has broken through the walls of apathy and acquiescence." (Noam Chomsky)

"A near-definitive anthology." (Austin Chronicle)

"Reading the book is like encountering the best version of our angry selves." (Time Out Chicago)

About the Author

Andrew Hsiao and Audrea Lim are editors at Verso Books.

Tariq Ali is a writer and filmmaker. He has written more than a dozen books on world history and politics - including Pirates of the Caribbean, Bush in Babylon, The Clash of Fundamentalisms and The Obama Syndrome - as well as five novels in his Islam Quintet series and scripts for the stage and screen. He is an editor of the New Left Review and lives in London.

