
Throw your flat-bottomed fanboat into high gear and slip and slide through the muddy waters of the backwoods bayou. Smash and crash through a destructible world filled with rickety swamp shacks, fishin’ boats, chicken coops, gators, and more. Pack your cargo hold to the brim with moonshine, tobacky, snake oil and other contraband and then sell ‘em to the highest bidder in a rampagin’ 10-day race for profit and glory. Just make sure you keep an eye out for Smokey–the more notorious you get, the more cops will come gunnin’ for you.

From the same team that brought you critically acclaimed jet ski racer Riptide GP, and the new free to play Beach Buggy Blitz!

---------
FEATURES:
---------

AMAZING BOAT PHYSICS
Power slide through twisting rivers with the most realistic boat physics ever seen on mobile.

COMPLETELY DESTRUCTIBLE ENVIRONMENTS
Crash through docks stacked high with barrels. Demolish shacks and outhouses. Punt gators and chickens. If you can see it, you can smash it!

SMUGGLE YOUR WAY TO RICHES!
Buy and sell contraband goods like Moonshine and Tobacky, smuggling them from one colorful locale to the next in a race for maximum profit.

GORGEOUS HD VISUALS
Explore a colorful southern world filled with high-detail boats, animated characters, beautiful bayou, marsh, and mountain environments, all running at a silky smooth framerate on your smartphone or tablet – or on your HDTV with HDMI out.

GAMEPAD SUPPORT
In addition to tilt/touch controls, you can play using your Bluetooth/USB gamepad or XPeria Play slide-out controller.

GOOGLE PLAY GAME SERVICES
Make your name in the Leaderboards, backup and sync your game with Cloud Save, and show off your skills with some of the wackiest, most inventive Achievements around!

What's in this version:
- Google Play Game Services integration. Sign in with your Google account for leaderboards, achievements, and cloud saving.
- Simplified Permissions

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vectorunit.green
