Putt-Putt Goes to the Moon (1993)

When Putt-Putt visits the fireworks factory, a slip of Pep's paw sends him rocketing to the moon. Once there, he needs to gather the pieces of a rocket ship to get himself, Pep, and his new friend, Rover back home to Earth. There was a hidden sneak peek to this game if Fatty Bear looks through a telescope in Fatty Bear's Birthday Surprise. The game was ported from MS-DOS to Windows in 1995, and re-packaged in 1999. It will soon be released on iOS in November 2013.


Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo (1995)

In this game, Putt-Putt has to rescue the zoo animals and return them to Outback Al (who also appears in Putt-Putt Enters the Race) before the Zoo's grand-opening. The animals he needs to rescue are Baby Jambo the elephant, Masai the giraffe, Kenya the lion, Zanzibar the hippo, Sammy seal, and Little Skeeter the snake. The game features the song 'Topiary Creatures'. The animation style also changed with this game and becomes much more refined, in contrast to the computer-like style of the past two games. The game was reissued in 1999. On November 15, 2011, the game became the first Humongous Entertainment game to be rereleased for iOS and Google Play.[2] Developed by Nimbus Games Inc. On April 2013, Putt-Putt Saves The Zoo was discontinued on iOS.


Putt Putt Travels Through Time (1997)

Putt-Putt Travels Through Time begins with Putt-Putt packing his new school supplies, which are a history report, a calculator, a Smokey the Fire Engine lunchbox, and his dog, Pep. He goes to Mr. Firebirds' lab before school to show him his new supplies. Mr. Firebird has invented a time portal. He starts it up, but then it malfunctions and opens. Pep, the history report, the calculator, and the Smokey the Fire Engine lunchbox get sucked in. Putt-Putt has to go through the portal to various places in time to retrieve his items. This was the last game to feature Jason Ellefson as the voice of Putt-Putt. The game's story of time travel, future area (featuring Car Town in the year 2112) and the fact that the characters are cars have been connected to Back to the Future. This game was released on iOS and Google Play on the 15th August 2012. Coincidentally, it was released in 2012, 100 years before the Future date in the game, 2112.


Putt-Putt Joins the Circus (2000)

"Putt-Putt Joins the Circus" is the sixth Putt-Putt adventure from Humongous Entertainment. In this game, Putt-Putt (voiced by Nancy Cartwright) and his dog Pep go to see BJ Sweeney's Big Top Circus (a reference to Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus) in Apple Valley. They hopped on Roll-Along Cassidy, a circus train. When they reached Apple Valley, everything was in chaos. The circus' five main acts, Honko the Clown, The Flying Porkowskis: Herb, Pearl and Hammy, Phillipe the Flea, Reginald Cornelius Andronocles III the Lion, along with two tiger sisters, Terri and Marie, and Katie Cannonball; and all the minor acts, Marvin the Marvellous, Eunice the Unicycle, Francine the Hippo High Diver, Ivan the Semi-Strong Van, Sebastian the Juggling Seal, and Belobrodnik the Ballet Dancing Bear, are having serious problems. Putt-Putt and Pep also meet new friends like Lester the Flea Janitor, Bart the Peanut Cart, Hank the Security Car, and Bette Bandwagon, along with Baby Jambo and Mama Mombasa (two elephants from Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo). Putt-Putt needs to help all his new circus friends, so they will practice and finally perform under the big top in the opening night. It becomes a "Huge Success."


Use scummVM to play the games if needed (windows installer recommended) http://scummvm.org/downloads/