Odin DVD Ripper

Odin DVD Ripper gives you the freedom to convert DVDs into popular file formats that play on your favorite multimedia devices! Not only rip DVD movies to High-Definition formats (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, Apple TV h.264 1080P, HD WMV, MPEG-2/MPEG-4 TS HD Video) with excellent and unmatchable ripping-converting speed while preserving HD quality but also convert dvd movie to common video format like AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP, MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, and OGG . For you audiophiles with concert DVDs, you'll be pleased to know that you can rip DVD audio to MP3, WMA, AAC, and WAV formats.The new in upgrade 7.6.3 version: Rip dvds to iPad H.264 (SD and HD), MP4, and MPEG-4 videos .

Key Features:

Rip Different Files for Different Multimedia Devices
Watch any DVD movie and video on any multimedia device. Rip DVD to AVI, MPEG- 1/MPEG-2/MPEG-4, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, RM, MOV, M4V, XviD, 3GP, VOB, FLV, or SWF format; extract audio from DVD and save it as MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, OGG, or AU format. 

Excellent output quality without any audio video sync problem
the newest audio-video sync technology enables you to have a high quality output video without any audio video out of sync problems on Multimedia Devices such as iphone,zune,blackberry,ipod.

Crop, trim, merge etc to make enchanting video and titles are securable
Allow you to trim and convert each chapter/title of your DVD movie, adjust video brightness and contrast, select subtitle, choose audio track and adjust audio volume.Easily to crop video to create your ideal video with different screen size.
select titles of blu-ray dvd movies you want to rip and also support batch conversion.

Subtitles are selectable or cancled
You can select the option of include subtitles or cancle the subtitle before converted..

Other functions
preview the movie while converting.customize video and audio settings such as bit rate, resolution, frame rate, sample rate, and codec to correspond with your multimedia players 

System Requirement:

Supported OS: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP/Windows Vista/Windows 7
Processor: &gt;750MHz Intel or AMD CPU
Free hard disk space: 100 MB or more
RAM: 256 MB or above

Homepage: http://www.odinshare.com/dvd-ripper.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given key and any name.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.