Hannibal S01E04 XviD [JKS]
-	
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 720x404
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 29.97 fps
-
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
-
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
-
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 04
Title: ┼Æuf  Directed by: Peter Medak  Written by: Jennifer Schuur  Original air date: April 26, 2013 (India) Unaired (US)
.
Two families are found murdered, with both mothers killed last. The only link between the families is that they both have sons who have been on the missing persons list for approximately a year. Graham concludes these "Lost Boys" are killing their old families to bond more closely to their new family. Graham continues his sessions with Dr. Lecter and confides that even if he finds the boys he will never be able to give them back what was taken from them; their families. Lecter's escalating interest in Abigail Hobbs leads him to check her out of the hospital, against Dr. Alana Bloom's (Caroline Dhavernas) wishes, and take her into his care. He gives her some tea made from psilocybin mushrooms to help with her traumatic dreams. Bloom helps Graham realize that the "Lost Boys" are under the influence of a powerful mother figure (Molly Shannon) and uses footage from a convenience store security camera to track them to North Carolina in time to stop another young boy from murdering his family.
