The Complete Etchings of Rembrandt: Reproduced in Original Size (Dover Fine Art, History of Art) 
by Rembrandt and Gary D, Schwartz (Editor)
Dover Publications | October 1994 | ISBN-10: 0486281817 | ePUB/PDF | 44.5/19.1 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Complete-Etchings-Rembrandt-Reproduced/dp/0486281817
PDF conversion is mine.

Over 300 works ΓÇö portraits, landscapes, biblical scenes, allegorical and mythological pictures and more ΓÇö reproduced in full size directly from a rare collection of etchings famed for its pristine condition  fresh, clean impressions  rich contrasts  and brilliant printing. With detailed captions, a chronology of Rembrandt's life and etchings, more.
Although budget-priced, this edition is a winner.  All of Rembrandt's etchings are reproduced on a heavy-stock paper that is of the proper degree of shine necessary to bring out the full, crisp nuances of the etchings. The result are vividly life-like etchings that show all their intricate details. Faces and people come alive, almost jumping out of the page. The Dover people are right in thinking that only a shiny, heavy-stock paper could bring out the full details of the etchings, to create reproductions that are as closely realistic as the original impressions. Also, almost all of the impressions seem of the proper degree of sharpness and darkness necessary to bring out their details. My only problem is that the book is somewhat heavy and bulky, but this is the price to pay for the heavy-stock paper needed for excellent reproductions, each of the same size as the originals. There are also some extra inserts in the book that reproduce in full size several etchings that are too big to fit life-size within the dimensions of the book. The inclusion of these inserts is considerate on the part of the authors, showing their dedication to bringing out the full artistry of the etchings, and ensuring that the common budget book-buyer has full access to these etchings in their most vivid, almost museum-like form.