
This is a very Hard to Find book, but a must have. So when i Found this LO-Quality Scan, i still uploaded it, for the ones who may need it.


 
[b] Release Date: December 12, 1995 |  PDF  [/b]
 
 
 

As industries turn increasingly hostile, it is clear that strong brand-building 

skills are needed to survive and prosper. In David Aaker's pathbreaking book, 

Managing Brand Equity, managers discovered the value of a brand as a strategic asset 

and a company's primary source of competitive advantage. Now, in this compelling new 

work, Aaker uses real brand-building cases from Saturn, General Electric, Kodak, 

Healthy Choice, McDonald's, and others to demonstrate how strong brands have been 

created and managed.
A common pitfall of brand strategists is to focus on brand attributes. Aaker shows 

how to break out of the box by considering emotional and self-expressive benefits and 

by introducing the brand-as-person, brand-as-organization, and brand-as-symbol 

perspectives. The twin concepts of brand identity (the brand image that brand 

strategists aspire to create or maintain) and brand position (that part of the brand 

identity that is to be actively communicated) play a key role in managing the "out-

of-the-box" brand.

A second pitfall is to ignore the fact that individual brands are part of a larger 

system consisting of many intertwined and overlapping brands and subbrands. Aaker 

shows how to manage the "brand system" to achieve clarity and synergy, to adapt to a 

changing environment, and to leverage brand assets into new markets and products.

Aaker also addresses practical management issues, introducing a set of brand equity 

measures, termed the brand equity ten, to help those who measure and track brand 

equity across products and markets. He presents and analyzes brand-nurturing 

organizational forms that are responsive to the challenges of coordinated brands 

across markets, products, roles, and contexts. Potentially destructive organizational 

pressures to change a brand's identity and position are also discussed.

As executives in a wide range of industries seek to prevent their products and 

services from becoming commodities, they are recommitting themselves to brands as a 

foundation of business strategy. This new work will be essential reading for the 

battle-ready.
 
 
 
 
 