    genre    action / strategy / sci-fi
    download size    190 MB
    avg. user rating
    release date    October 31, 1996
    compatible with    Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
    languages    English
    developer / publisher    Bullfrog Productions / Electronic Arts
    game modes    single-player, multi-player

    Bonus content included :
    manual
    wallpaper
    quick reference card
    2 avatars

    Rob a bank with a nuclear grenade! Bring the house down--literally! The environment is fully destructible!
    Play either side as EuroCorp Syndicate or Church of the New Epoch.
    Futuristic weapons--the Persuadertron, Electron Mace, Satellite Rain, Nuclear Grenade--give you all kinds of nuking, electrocuting, propagandizing fun!

Overview:

ΓÇ£Remember, the meek shall inherit nothing.ΓÇ¥ - The Book of Cataclysm

Congratulations on becoming our newest EuroCorp Executive! You now hold the distinctive honor of being one of the few who will determine the shape of our Company. Your EX-ALFA3 clearance allows you to use the Marionette Remote Drone Operation Suite. Your squad of Agents will follow every order without fail or question, and you are free to eliminate or destroy any targets as you see fit. This will serve you well as those zealots of the Church of the New Epoch think they can compete against our Company. Your mission is to remove them completely. To that end, we have transferred 50,000 EuroCorp credits to your account. Failure to use your funds wisely or to eliminate the competition will require you to auto-euthanize. We feel confident that your skills and integrity will ensure that this state of affairs will never arise.

Sincerely,
The EuroCorp Board of Directors

Welcome to an urban hell of ultra-violent mayhem. Welcome to Syndicate Wars where youΓÇÖll take control of a squad of cybernetically enhanced Agents and wreak havoc on the enemy. Funnel money towards research that will allow you to upgrade your team and make them into more efficient killing machines. Use the environment to assassinate, destroy, and eliminate your targets all from a classic isometric perspective. If you need cannon fodder, why not set your Agents loose armed with Persuadertrons to control huge crowds, or even enemy agents, and get them to do the dirty work for you? So whether youΓÇÖre keeping EuroCorp in the black or burning infidels for the New Epoch, Syndicate Wars will have you giddily carving a path to victory. Welcome to the merciless future of violent squad-based real-time tactics!

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Animated Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 9.0c, 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.

ACCEPTANCE OF END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT REQUIRED TO PLAY

Install and Play.