POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Fire and Brimstone Vol 17 - Preparation for National Sunday Law
           


POtHS Comment: Out to the "Woodshed" with you. A National Sunday Law, you gotta be  kidden me

Description:

Prayer Life by EastWest Films:
Preparation for the National Sunday Law:
Forerunner 77 presents the latest events ushering in the new Sunday laws to unfold during the end-times.  This will enlighten those, without any doubt, on why and how these events will occur across the globe in our near future.
-----------------------------------------------------------

To Keep or Obey - Does it Matter by Will Kinney:
Many will be blessed hearing this sound doctrine.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Rekindling the Reformation - They Have Made Void Thy Law by Walter Veith, parts 1&2:
God’s laws are not to be tampered with, but one by one the Ten Commandments are being attacked and made void. Every precept of God has been marginalized and reduced. They are being wiped out of our constitutions and international laws.
In this DVD, you will learn alarming news about the new fascist human rights laws and Roman Catholic natural law touted by the UN and the Papacy as the answer to the world’s problems.

We discover that the international community has been coerced into rewriting God’s laws and that it has become forbidden to practice God’s laws, to pray in Jesus’ name, to worship God on His Sabbath, and even to raise Jesus up as the Son of God. According to law, Jesus must be placed on the same level as false gods and false prophets.
See what astounding efforts have been made to set up the legal right to replace Jesus the Son of God with the false new age christ. More information is also provided on Roman Catholic economic thought and its impact on today’s economic and political state.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Revolutions Tyrants & Wars by Walter Veith:
Revolutions, Tyrants & Wars need finance and support in order to succeed. Who is behind the major conflagrations which have plagued mankind particularly during the last centuries. Are sinister forces working behind the scenes to achieve their Hegelian synthesis and to bring about a new order of things? Some highlights discussed are the revolutions of the previous century, culminating in the rise of the USA, the Kennedy assassination, and the setting up of the new world order.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
