Artist: Eater
Title: The Compleat Eater
originally released 1977 (this compilation 1993)
Label: the Label (reissued on Anagram records)
producer: Dave Goodman
cat number: Label 001(cd punk 10)


"Eater! You gotta fucking love em.you gotta hate them the lucky bastards! Mark P called them "totally devoid of musical ideas". John Savage, journalist of the time, summed them up as "Youth by itself is not enough". What do they know? Eater called Johnny Rotten "too old". That's about right. Average age 16, chicks, rock'n'roll, part of the greatest musical era ever, and a fistful of songs to stand the test of punk time. Yeah!, Roxy club, punkettes, sweaty tours and a whole heap of cool youth rebellion while thinking of the USA.

You want punk? Check these boys out...this ain't no sanitized boy band...bands like that don't sing "Get Raped" or talk about having "No Brains". This is the real thing. Real vintage punk. No Seditionaries posing in expensive threads. Just off the streets, straight outta school, punk rock'n'roll in its rawest form.

They could have been contenders or could they? What if Eater had been signed to a major? They had the songs, look and ability to develop...so many ifs and maybes but at the end of the day one fact remains: They left behind a string of classic punk singles and a classic punk album. Their place in history is confirmed and this is it!"
-paul@ punk77


The band was formed in 1976 by four high school friends; Anglo-Egyptian singer and guitarist Andy Blade (real name: Andrew Radwan)[2], Brian Chevette (guitar), Roger ôDee Generateö Bullen (drums) and Ian Woodcock (bass). The band's name came from the song æSuneyeÆ, taken from the 1970 album by T. Rex

Despite originating in north London, the band made its first public performance in Manchester, featuring The Buzzcocks as their support act. Eater's live set at this gig, back in November 1976, was built mainly around speeded-up versions of Velvet Underground and David Bowie songs such as "Queen Bitch" and "Sweet Jane".

Closer to home, the band became one of the pioneering punk bands that played live in the first few months of the now-legendary Roxy Club. They topped the bill twice in January 1977, the second time they were supported by The Damned. They headlined again in February, this time supported by Johnny Moped, and twice more in March, supported first by The Lurkers and then by Sham 69. They also supplied two of their tracks, "15" (a version of "I'm Eighteen" by Alice Cooper) and "Don't Need It", to the seminal live various artists album Live at the Roxy WC2.


Eater released five singles and The Album LP before splitting up in 1979.
Eater, The Album, was voted into Q magazines "100 Best Punk Albums of All Time"

This album Includes all of their debut LP plus the bands singles.


01 You
02 Public Toys
03 Room For One
04 Lock It Up
05 Sweet Jane
06 Fifteen
07 I Don't Need It
08 Anne
09 Get Raped
10 Space Dreaming
11 Queen Bitch
12 My Business
13 Waiting For the Man
14 No More
15 No Brains
16 Luv & Piece
17 Outside View
18 Thinkin of the U.S.A
19 Michaels Monetary System
20 shes wearing green
21 notebook
22 Jeepster
23 debutantes ball
24 Holland
27 Point of View
28 typewriter babes