Livin.Latina.Loca.XXX.DVDRip.x264-STARLETS

Emy Reyes, Liv Aguilera, Evi Foxx, Nicole Ferrera

Emy Reyes 'Street Vendor'! Liv Aguilera 'Waitress'!
Nicole Ferrera 'Maid'! Evie Fox 'Day Worker'!
Young Latina girls growing up in the Los Angeles area know they have to work hard to earn a lot of dinero. They are also a little more 'loca' than the average Latina chica!
Liv Aguillera is working in a Mexican restaurant. She is a waitress whose good looks get in the way of her taking orders. Short shorts and a tiny top with her very pretty smile all fit together into one very pretty package. Our guys are ready to offer this girl a newer and better opportunity outside of just taking orders in a restaurant. She follows them back to the studio to take some test shots which quickly move into her stripping naked and getting her big tits and pretty pussy sucked. She gets on her knees and opens wide to swallow the bright white burrito we offer her. She hops on top of it, straddling and riding it, before pulling it out and sucking off her authentic Mexican flavoring. She takes it from behind and on top as well, vaginally cock swallowing a large amount of penis. She finishes her first model shoot with a load of cum in her mouth and scattered about her neck and chin!
Emy Reyes has found a part time job selling ice cream off a ice cream cart. She is a pretty little latina with big tits and a pretty smile. She has been invited to hang out with a customer who said he would buy all of her ice cream if she would hang out and party with him. She speaks english with a sexy latin accent and giggles very nicely. Her tits are large and round and her nipples are rock hard despite the heat of the California sun. Her ass is thick and her latin vagina is puffy, warm and inviting. She is very erotic as she sucks and slobbers up and down his dick. She hops on top and takes it hard in a bunch of positions, slapping her butt cheeks together and on his thighs as well. She does some PTM and hops on top again for some more. She cries for pappy and begs for cum all over her bald pussy!
Evi Fox is working a job in a warehouse, banging nails on pallets and other odd jobs as well. She wears a hard hat and work boots with a tank top and no bra. From her work belt hangs a massive rubber dong and she is serious about her work. Unfortunately her job is in jeopardy for lack of effort. She is offered a chance at keeping her job when her supervisor pulls down his pants and she goes to town on his sausage. Sucking his cock, getting her tits fucked and getting slammed in the warehouse all works in this girl's favor. She gets pumped on a cart and then poked on a pile of pallets before getting her face painted with a load of white cum. She gets to keep her job for now!
Nicole Ferrara is cleaning house for her mom, while wearing very short shorts and a small tank top. Her tits are tiny, her hair is long and her body just perfect. The owner of the house admires her while she cleans but has to let her know that he cannot afford a housekeeper anymore. He must fire her mother but Nicole is determined to do whatever it takes to keep their job. She strips naked and drops to her knees, sucking hard on his cock. She lays back to get a large serving of his white meat before getting on top and riding his pole hard. Her tiny ass claps as she does her best to save her mother's job. She sucks his cock fresh with her juices and then lays back to take some more. He pulls out and sprays a large amount of cum across her face. Her mom gets to keep her job for now!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=tfiviose73jyirv3x0jz.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=5flxsg2cki7t25p0k939.jpg