Feather Weight Quarter finals Match up. First Featherweigth Matchup!!!

May 10, 2013 - Performers: Serena Blair  and  Nikki Darling 
 
 
WMV only. MP4 + Pics later. 
 

Serena Blair

"The Jockey" 
Height:  5'0" 
Weight:  100lbs 
Season W/L:  (1 - 0)  
Lifetime W/L:  (2 - 3)  


Nikki Darling

"Tricky" 
Height:  5'3" 
Weight:  113lbs 
Season W/L:  (0 - 1)  
Lifetime W/L:  (0 - 1)  


Just a reminder that the Welterweight finals are going to be shot LIVE May 17th 7pm PST. This week's update marks the start of the feather weight Tournament. If you miss the live WW bout, you will have to wait for it to update. You do NOT wanna miss the live show!!!

stats at time of shoot:


Nikki Darling
ranked 5th
"Trickie"
HT: 5'3
WT:110
Season record (0-1)
Lifetime record (0-1)

Serena Blair 
Ranked 4th
"The Jockey" 
HT:5'0 
WT: 100
Season record (2-0)
Lifetime record (2-3)

Serena Blair is officially the smallest girl on our roster. Tia Ling had to drop out of the tournament so Serena has No one her size to fight anymore. But with Tia out, that gives Serena an open window to take the belt. Nikki Darling has only had one US match. She probably has no business being in this tournament however, Berretta James couldn't do the match and Nikki Darling was the only FW willing to step in last minute to fill the spot. It take balls to enter a tournament last minute and it takes balls to talk the mean game Nikki talks. Nikki doesn't have as much experience but she still has a size advantage over Serena which could make the difference. 

This is one of the sexiest matches we've seen on U/S in a long long time. One of the wrestlers is able to trap her opponent on the mat for over 5 minutes and rip 4 orgasms out. Then the buzzers goes off after round 2, they restart for round 3 and again the wrestler is trapped and getting finger blasted to orgasm.  6 ORGASMS  on the mat and one of the highest scores ever posted on US score boards! This match will go down in history.

Losers get's stretched in a double bow and arrow. Her legs worn down with a figure four leg lock while the winner makes her eat winner pussy!

Screens 
http://www.ultimatesurrender.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=30411

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

