Artist: Sandi Thom
Release: Flesh and Blood
Released: 2012
Label: Guardian Angels Records
Catalog#: 1002002
Format: FLAC / WEB
[color=blue]Country: UK
Style: Rock, Blues,Country Blues

01. Help Me (4:37)
02. I Owe You Zero (3:26)
03. Flesh & Blood (4:29)
04. Sun Comes Crashing Down (4:05)
05. In The Pines (5:01)
06. Big Ones Get Away (Feat. Buffy Sainte-Marie) (4:07)
07. Stormy Weather (4:34)
08. I See The Devil In You (3:57)
09. Rise As One (3:08)
10. I Love You Like A Lunatic (4:54)
11. Save Some Mercy For Me (4:40)
12. Lay Your Burden Down (5:42)

Flesh and Blood is a significant release, being Sandi’s sophomore studio album, released solely by her independent label Guardian Angels Records.

The highly anticipated new album radiates the raunchy blues rock bravado of the opening track Help Me, followed by the country-flavoured Leadbelly classic In The Pines. The album also features the strutting, clavinet-led Stormy Weather; and the emotionally compelling finale Lay Your Burden Down.

The album features an all-star ensemble led by Black Crowes Rich Robinson, drummer Steve Gorman and fellow Black Crowe and widely travelled session guitarist Audley Freed, respected Nashville stars Mike Webb (keys/Dobro) and James Haggerty (bass) complete the line-up with special guest performances from Rolling Stones collaborator, saxophonist Bobby Keys, and stunning duet with the legendary singer-songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie on her 1992 classic The Big Ones Get Away.

“Sandi really stretched herself and made a bold new album,” reflects Rich Robinson, “Her songs are honest, vulnerable and very strong. Her vocal abilities are showcased really well, as is her guitar work, and harp playing. I think Sandi’s made a great record. It was a joy to work with her.”

Legendary classic rock producer Kevin Shirley (Led Zeppelin, The Black Crowes, Joe Bonamassa) also mixed two tracks, Sun Comes Crashing Down and a duet with Buffy Sainte-Marie on the latter’s classic song, The Big Ones Get Away.

“Sandi’s writing is fantastic,” says Shirley, “and her singing is wonderful. Sun Comes Crashing Down has all the right ingredients to be a hit.”

The intriguingly titled I Love You Like A Lunatic, is based on her “life-changing” love affair with superstar blues guitarist Joe Bonamassa. The couple have been together three years now, living and loving on and off the road. Sandi likens it to a modern-day Johnny Cash and June Carter fairy-tale. “My life just turned crazy,” says Sandi. “Yet that’s what everybody wants, that insane kind of love that utterly consumes you.”

Sandi feels that Flesh and Blood is her coming of age album. “All I ever want to do is write songs that connect with people,” says Sandi. “With this album I’ve finally found a place where I can make the very best music I can achieve. The people that only know me from Punk Rocker won’t recognise me on this album. But they are going to find out another side of me.”