One Night With Sole Regret Series (0.5-4) by Olivia Cunning in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

Book 0.5: Share Me (One Night With Sole Regret #0.5) by Olivia Cunning (November 2012)

After a benefit concert, Lindsey longs to spend an amazing Christmas Eve with her favorite band, Sole Regret, to thank them for their generosity. Even though she followed their tour bus up a slick mountain pass during a blizzard, she never expected to spend an entire snowy night with two generous rock stars who love to share their gifts. Trapped on a tour bus with her best friend, a rock band, and the bus driver, what can these naughty ladies possibly do to keep warm? Perhaps a better question is what won't they do?

Book 1: Try Me (One Night With Sole Regret #1) by Olivia Cunning (June 2012)

For the five sexy rock gods of Sole Regret, finding love is easy, keeping it is hard.

Melanie has no desire to meet the members of the rock band, Sole Regret, but her groupie of a best friend gets them both backstage and then rushes off with the band’s lead singer. Left alone at an after party with a bunch of scary tattooed and pierced metal-heads, sheltered Melanie is relieved when the only normal-looking guy in the room insists on keeping her company.

By the time Melanie discovers that Gabe is the band’s drummer and not as normal as she assumed, she has already made a complete fool of herself. She can’t help but be interested in him, not as a rock star, but as the sexiest man she’s ever encountered. Strangely attracted to his hidden tattoos and body piercing, she wonders what it would be like to spend a night with a bad boy.

Gabe is more than willing to show sweet Melanie there’s more to him than meets the eye. All she has to do is try him. Will they only share a single night of passion? Or will their hearts entangle as quickly as their bodies?

Book 2: Tempt Me (One Night With Sole Regret #2) by Olivia Cunning (September 2012)

For the five sexy rock gods of Sole Regret, finding love is easy, keeping it is hard.

One more night…

For almost a year, Madison has been Adam’s hook-up every time his band, Sole Regret, tours through Dallas. But in spite of the way he sets her body ablaze with passion, the occasional night of rock-her-world sex isn’t enough anymore. She needs a commitment and knows that won’t fit into Adam’s rock-star lifestyle. Madison will take one more hot-and-heavy night with the sexy musician before she cuts all ties with him for good. Even if she must break her own heart to do it.

To tempt him…

Life isn’t all bright lights and fan adulation for the lead guitarist for Sole Regret. Madison has seen Adam at his worst and still managed to bring out the best in him. Her cleverly concealed naughty side also brings out the beast in him. He’s never met a more tempting woman in his life.

Madison has no problem tempting Adam into her bed, but can she tempt his heart into taking a chance on love?

Book 3: Take Me (One Night With Sole Regret #3) by Olivia Cunning (October 2012)

She is one woman he should never touch…

Sole Regret’s enigmatic vocalist, Jacob “Shade” Silverton, is a consummate womanizer, but even he knows better than to get involved with one special woman from his past. Mixing friendship and pleasure can only lead to a broken heart, and he’s suffered enough heartache to swear off relationships for a lifetime.

He is one man she has always desired…

Amanda Lange knows all about Shade’s naughty reputation, but that doesn’t stop her from wanting to dive into the gorgeous rock star’s arms and into his bed. She convinces herself that one night of passion won’t complicate their friendship, but can she convince him of that?

They’re both playing with fire.

Neither of them realized how far one kiss would take them. As the flames of their passion ignite with the intensity of an inferno, will either of them escape the experience without being burned or will both be branded fool enough to take a chance on a relationship that was marked for ruin before it even began?

Book 4: Touch Me (One Night With Sole Regret #4) by Olivia Cunning (April 2013)

He went there looking for a sure bet…
Sole Regret’s bassist, Owen Mitchell, is convinced that romance is for chumps. He’s only looking for a good time, and when he spots an attractive, older woman emitting men-suck vibes at a brand new sex club, he’s sure he’s found it.

She went there hoping to get over her ex-husband…
Successful business woman, Caitlyn Hanson, is still infuriated and hurt over her ex-husband’s affair with a much younger woman. She’s only looking to scrub his claim from her body by offering it to the first attractive man who shows her interest, and the young, hot stud, who just sat down at her table, will do quite nicely.

They never meant to get personal…
Caitlyn knows she’s not supposed to get attached to Owen just because he gives her body pleasure unlike any she’s ever known, but it’s her first one-night-stand and she can’t seem to keep her heart out of the equation. For once, Owen finds himself in the same conundrum. He likes Caitlyn too much to keep his heart at a safe distance, but will a mistake from Owen’s past drive her away forever?

Seed and Enjoy!