I recently found the newest copy of absolutely the best book on subject of pediatric surgery. However there is a catch, the rar is PASSWORD PROTECTED.

I am uploading this in great book in hope that someone will find the RAR PASSWORD AND POST IT IN THE COMMENT SECTION.

Thaks everyone in forward.




Book Description


Publication Date: February 28, 2012 | ISBN-10: 0323072550 | ISBN-13: 978-0323072557 | Edition: 7

Pediatric Surgery, 7th Edition - edited by Arnold G. Coran, Anthony Caldamone, N. Scott Adzick, Thomas M. Krummel, Jean-Martin Laberge, and Robert Shamberger - features comprehensive, up-to-date guidance on all aspects of childhood surgery, including congenital malformations, tumors, trauma, and urologic problems. Apply the latest developments in fetal surgery, adolescent bariatric surgery, minimally invasive surgery in children, and tissue engineering for the repair of congenital anomalies, such as the separation of conjoined twins. you can also access the fully searchable text online at www.expertconsult.com, making this definitive resource more accessible than ever.

Get comprehensive coverage of cutting-edge technology in pediatric surgical diseases, including imaging concepts, minimally invasive techniques, robotics, diagnostic and therapeutic advances, and molecular biology and genetics.
Find information quickly and easily with an intuitive organization by body region and organs.
Apply the guidance of world-renowned experts in pediatric surgery.
Access the fully searchable text online at www.expertconsult.com.
Stay current on recent developments in fetal surgery, adolescent bariatric surgery, minimally invasive surgery in children, and tissue engineering for the repair of congenital anomalies, such as the separation of conjoined twins.
Master the latest surgeries available for fetal and neonatal patients and provide life-saving options at birth.
Tap into the expertise of new editors who bring fresh perspectives to cutting-edge techniques.
A comprehensive text of cutting-edge surgeries in pediatrics