Title: The Kane Chronicles

Author: Rick Riordan

Book(s): The Red Pyramid, The Throne of Fire, The Serpent's Shadow

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Fantasy, Adventure, Mystery, Action

Summary:

Since their mother's death, Carter and Sadie have become near strangers. While Sadie has lived with her grandparents in London, her brother has traveled the world with their father, the brilliant Egyptology, Dr. Julius Kane. 

One night, Dr. Kane brings the siblings together for a "research experiment" at the British Museum, where he hopes to set things right for his family. Instead, he unleashes the Egyptian god Set, who banishes him to oblivion and forces the children to flee for their lives. 

Soon, Sadie and Carter discover that the gods of Egypt are waking, and the worst of them ΓÇöSetΓÇö has his sights on the Kanes. To stop him, the siblings embark on a dangerous journey across the globe - a quest that brings them ever closer to the truth about their family and their links to a secret order that has existed since the time of the pharaohs. - Goodreads Summary of The Red Pyramid (The Kane Chronicles #1)

Note: Recommendable for a younger and young adult audience. Similar to Rick Riordan's "Percy Jackson" series, and full of action and adventure. Written from a two point perspective to make it even more interesting; a great read!

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Covers: Yes

Metadata: Yes

RELOADED: This torrent is a reload of the original for the purpose that it had belonged to the first generation of torrents MastermindTTA had uploaded. It lacked quality, and this torrent is improved with fresher covers, included good metadata and a [helpful] readme file. Enjoy!

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!