release date: June 6, 2008
compatible with: Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
languages: English, German
developer / publisher: Daedalic Entertainment / Daedalic Entertainment
game modes: single-player

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
4 wallpapers
soundtrack
Nadel & Faden music video
14 avatars
42 artworks

What's cool about it:

Includes Edna & Harvey: The Breakout and Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes.
Beautiful and unique graphics, completely hand-drawn in 2D.
Challenging puzzles, hours of dialogue, and over 120 unique locations!
As you play the game for the second time, big furry rabbit ears will start growing out of you! (1)

Overview:

Edna and Harvey: The Breakout
In Edna and Harvey: The Breakout, young Edna wakes up in the padded cell of an insane asylum with no memory of her past or how she ended up there. Only one thing is for certain: She has been wrongfully imprisoned and will have to escape! After all, she feels entirely sane   and her speaking stuffed toy bunny Harvey wholeheartedly agrees. Together they undertake a daring breakout attempt, meeting up with numerous oddball inmates, like the Man in the Bee s Costume or Siamese twins Hoti and Moti. But Dr. Marcel, the sinister head of the institute, will do everything in his power to stop Edna. What evil scheme is afoot? Slowly, Edna begins to regain her memories of the past.

Edna and Harvey: Harvey s New Eyes
Lilli is the best-behaved little girl in the world. She executes all her chores in a diligent manner, no matter how unfair they may be. Her innocent, imperturbable way of carrying out the orders of others has something both tragic and eerie about it. Any angry thoughts, any childlike disobedience is buried deep beneath a seemingly impenetrable surface of sweetness. But how long will these feelings stay hidden? And where do the friendly little gnomes come from that paint over everything unpleasant in Lilli s vicinity with a pleasant pink color? Are they real or just a product of her subconscious? Find out in Edna & Harvey: Harvey s New Eyes!

Edna and Harvey: The Breakout and Harvey s New Eyes are point-and-click adventures that hark back to the good old days. Backgrounds and characters are completely 2D and drawn by hand. The cast of characters ranges from mildly deranged to the certifiably insane--twisted humor guaranteed! You d have to be slightly mad (2) in order to pass up on a dual adventure bundle of this magnitude!

(1) As advertised by the developer. User experience may vary.
(2) No legal certification required.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN, PEGI Rating: 12+

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7, 2 GHz Processor, 1GB RAM, 256MB graphics card compatible with DirectX 9 , 3GB HDD.

Install and Play.