No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

If everybody seeds, you will get higher downloading speeds.

Description:
An uncompromising wilderness survival game full of science and
magic

Play as Wilson, an intrepid Gentleman Scientist who has been
trapped by a demon and transported to a mysterious wilderness
world. Wilson must learn to exploit his environment and its
inhabitants if he ever hopes to escape and find his way back
home. Enter a strange and unexplored world full of strange
creatures, dangers, and surprises. Gather resources to craft
items and structures that match your survival style. Play your
way as you unravel the mysteries of this strange land

Whats New in version 79352?

New Things To Discover:
Peaceful rock lobster herds roam the gloomy depths
Bunnymen turn into beardlords when your sanity is low
Ever wonder what's right below a tentacle? MORE TENTACLE!
The invasive Lureplant will taunt you with its delicious
veggiemeat
Eat exotic cave bananas!
Ferns! You can burn 'em!
More colourful mushtree varieties
Stalagmites come in more varied shapes

New Things to Craft and Use!
The vampiric BatBat
The marginally useful Compass

New Map Generation Features:
Gaze into the abyss in the caves!
Cave walls are prettier
Cave layouts are... caveier

Other Tuning and Fixes:
Time passes aboveground and belowground, independent of your
current location
You can regenerate a cave from its entrance (just for testing!)
Crops can grow underground, if you keep them lit
Added a proper "Always dark" preset to levelgen
Equippable items remember which slot they are from
Snurtle Shell Armour will now cause enemies to lose interest in
you if you hide for over 5 seconds
Plantables can't be planted on nonsensical ground types
Added toggleable "notebook mode" and "small texture mode"
options for lowspec machines
Fixed some bad mip chains that were causing trouble for some
graphics cards
Fixed libegl crash that was happening for some old Intel cards
Iceboxes can be place closer together
Fixed pig torch crash
Fixed spoilage stack exploit

New Modding features:
New sample mods, "sampleprefab" and "samplecharacter", which
includes an art template for character skins
Reworked the loading of textures and other assets so you no
longer have to use package.path, LoadPrefabDefs, LoadPrefabs
or prefabs.xml
This does require the use of PrefabFiles and Assets in
modmain.lua, see the sample mods for an example
Can overwrite basically any asset just by putting it in the
same relative path in a mod folder
Lots of improvements to error reporting, and generally more
helpful errors when something isn't working
Crafting menu tab spacing is now dynamic, so adding a new entry
to RECIPETABS will automatically align the tab bar
Container widgets can have a custom background image specified
World gen scripts can now be overridden from a mod. Time to
make some crazy places!
Mods now have access to luasockets on windows. (dun dun
DUUUUUN!)

System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7/Windows 8
Processor: 1.7+ GHz or better
Memory: 1+ gigs of RAM GB RAM
Graphics: Radeon HD5450 or better; 256 MB or higher
DirectX: 9.0c
Hard Drive: 500 MB HD space
Sound: 100% DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card and drivers

Version: 11 June 2013 build 79261

Installation instructions:
1. Execute the Don't Starve 11 June 2013 79261 (2-click run).exe file.
2. Click next.
3. Enjoy the game.