Girl Next Door & AVN Award Winner Remy LaCroix Returns

Feb 8, 2013 - Performers: Remy LaCroix 


WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.


Welcome back and congratulate AVN award winner Remy LaCroix for this year's Best Starlet and Best Tease awards! Remy has an amazing body and great attitude. The ultimate girl next door gets a smack down today on Device when she learns how unforgiving our bondage predicaments can truly be. First, Remy is bound standing with her arms above and ankles locked together in a stretched out bow pose. At first she has no arch, but as the scene progresses her bondage gets more and more restrictive. What Remy fails to mention is that she has a deep fear of the single tail. You can see her terror in the way she moves, desperate to avoid the pain. She is worked over. Almost immediately her eyes welt with moisture. To reward her efforts, Claire adds a suction tube to Remy's clit. She mentions in the interview she cums easily... after it has time to draw all the blood and sensitivity to the area, the tube is removed and the vibrator introduced. Remy cums fast, hard, and intense... just the way we like it.

Second is a very short but very intense scene. Not every body is designed to take every position, and the hairpin is one that is exceptionally hard for Remy, but we want to see her suffering and her eroticize the pain. Remy is bound laying on a reclining board with metal shackles on her forearms and wrists, and leather binding her to the board and her ankles above. Time is limited and we go for gold. Immediately a dick with a vibrator is in her cunt. Her eyes roll back with pleasure. Then another in her ass... at the same time. Orgasm after orgasm keeps cumming in her intense and uncomfortable bondage double penetration ordeal until she can't take it anymore.

Finally Remy is bound in a face down and spread leather strap suspension. She is paddled, flogged, nipples suctioned and hand delivered a staggering amount of orgasms. Again the bondage is extremely challenging for her, but she perservered and ultimately rewarded with pleasure.

Screens   
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=28198

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

