Beachbody's P90X Ultimate and P90X2 Ultimate x264 MP4 DVDrip

I have now combined all P90X and P90X2 workouts in one complete package all in High Quality x264 in MP4 container for maximum compatibility. I didn't care for the quality of the other x264 P90X torrents so I created one that was very good quality with low space requirements. This package includes P90X, P90X+ and P90X2.

P90X
Transform your body in just 90 days with P90X.
P90X is a complete 90-day home fitness system designed to get you in the best shape of your life. Created by trainer Tony Horton, the program includes 12 intense workouts and 5 additional plus workouts that use resistance and body-weight training, cardio, plyometrics, ab work, martial arts and yoga, along with a nutrition plan, fitness guide and workout calendar.

Product Info: 
http://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/p90x.do

P90X2
Train off-balance to build the body of an athlete.
P90X revolutionized fitness. Now, P90X2 will change the way you work out…forever. P90X2 delivers the kind of results pro athletes insist on. Not by making you work harder…but by helping you work smarter. With a breakthrough in applied sports science called Muscle Integration. You’ll engage all of your muscles with every move, delivering the same kind of training pro-athletes pay thousands of dollars for.
So what’s the key? Instability. Instead of working one muscle group at a time, with P90X2, you’ll do resistance moves on one foot, a ball, or some other unstable platform. Because your body is forced to maintain stability as you lift, more muscles are engaged with each movement. You’ll fire your abs, glutes, hamstrings – and an entire chain of muscles you may not even know how to pronounce. This is how you work your entire body in one move. As one unit. This is how you become an efficient, calorie-burning, ripping machine.

Product Info: 
http://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/p90x2-workout-the-next-p90x.do

Needed Equipment:
Set of Resistance Bands with Door attachment
Chin-up Bar
Chin-up Max
Push-up Stands
Yoga Blocks
Stability Ball
3 Medicine Balls
Foam Roller
Two Set of Dumbbells

Fully compatible with Softmodded Wii using WiiMC. 

Get Fit and Seed.