

POtHS - Creation 62


Origins - Part 5




POtHS Comments on This oneBarry Setterfield has solved the Age of The Universe controversy. Time is calculated using the Speed of Light which everyone used to think was constant. The Creator God Yahweh spoke to him and said to him "who said the speed of light is constant?" This led him to discovering that light IS SLOWING DOWN. He calculated how fast the speed light would have been about 10,000 years ago which is a Biblical View of when Creation happened. With the new speed of light, which was 1,000,000 times faster then, he proceeded to run the time calculation. When calculating the Age of The Universe (they say 16 billion years)with the NEW Speed if Light. The Age of the Universe calculates  to 6 (six) days. And on the 7th Day he did rest.


......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description:

POtHS - Creation - 62 - Origins - Part 5


Origins:
Watch as scientists, researchers and authors share relevant facts and thought-provoking evidence supporting creation.  Join us for Cornerstone TeleVision's unique program entitled, ORIGINS, and then decide for yourself the truth about your human origins.  These new programs seen on Cornerstone Television Network and our affiliates throughout the world, continue to offer a forum to use scientific evidence to validate the truth of creation.

Donn Chapman reminds us,
“It’s God’s view that He created you… and that should be your worldview too!”

Part 3 - This download includes the following TV episodes, 30 min. each:
Origins - Bible Earthquakes with Dr. Steve Austin
Origins - Making the Case for Creation with Ron Rhodes
Origins - Mount St. Helens - Explosive Evidence for Creation with Dr. Steve Austin
Origins - Mud Flow Madness with Dr. Steve Austin
Origins - Radiohalo Studies
Origins - Slaughter of the Dissidents with Dr. Jerry Bergman
Origins - Starlight and Time with Dr. Russell Humphreys
Origins - Super Volcanoes with Dr. Steve Austin
Origins - The Fossil Man with Dr. Brad Harrub
Origins - The Fossil Record with Dr Jerry Bergman
Origins - The Hearing Ear with Dr David Menton
Origins - The Impact of Craters with Dr. Danny Faulkner


:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
