Feather Weight Semi Finals #2 vs #4 only 1 can move on to finals

May 17, 2013 - Performers: Serena Blair  and  Audrey Rose 


MP4 + Pics.
 

Serena Blair

"The Jockey" 
Height:  5'0" 
Weight:  100lbs 
Season W/L:  (2 - 0)  
Lifetime W/L:  (3 - 3)  


Audrey Rose

"The Thorn" 
Height:  5'5" 
Weight:  130lbs 
Season W/L:  (1 - 0)  
Lifetime W/L:  (2 - 2)  


Stats at time of shoot
Audrey Rose
"The Thorn"
ranked 1st
HT: 5'5
WT:114
Season record (0-1)
Lifetime record (0-1)

Serena Blair 
Ranked 4th
"The Jockey" 
HT:5'0 
WT: 100
Season record (2-0)
Lifetime record (2-3)

Serena isn't just one of the smallest competitors for Summer Vengeance, she's even one of the smaller wrestlers in the feather Weight Tournament which is saying something cause those feather weights are tiny as all hell. She's giving up at least 14 lbs for this match against Audrey. Serena has been busting her ass in grappling classes and she's got her eye on the prize. She wants that belt and she doesn't care if Audrey is just one more giant standing in her way. She's ready to take what she wants. Audrey is stepping in to our tournament last minute on account that Tia Ling dropped out. She's on a winning streak since she's come back to US. She doesn't seem to care much for the tournament, she's more in this to beat up on little girls. Audrey is the BIGGEST feather weight in this tournament. 

This is one of the most heart breaking matches I've ever witnessed. Very early on in the match it's clear that one of these wrestlers wants to win more than the other. There is sweat and tears shed on this mat in a bitterly close rivalry. It's back and forth action for 22 minutes of the match. at the last minutes of this match you can literally see one of the wrestlers mentally break and the match is decided just about 1 minute before the buzzer goes off. You will laugh, you will cry. These girls put their heart and souls into this game and it's always heart breaking to see anyone lose when they put THAT much of themselves into a match. This match will go down in history as one of the GREATEST wars in U/S history and we smell rematch in season 11.

Screens 
http://www.ultimatesurrender.com/site/shoot/30413-Feather-Weight-Semi-Finals-2-vs-4-only-1-can-move-on-to-finals.html

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

