
Fingers at the ready! Keep your nerve steady – its sanitary insanity!

Take toilet gaming to a whole new level with this frantic line drawing game! Warning: contains punch in the face gameplay and some serious swiping action!

In Men’s Room Mayhem you’re hired as the janitor of your very own chaotic men’s room. You’re responsible for directing patrons, keeping everywhere sparkling clean and steering patrons away from trouble!

Get your customers safely to the urinals and stalls in time – but hurry! Otherwise there’ll be a few nasty accidents for you to clean up!

Avoid fights by strategically steering patrons past each other with pinpoint precision, but be careful, patrons pile up fast while the drinks are flowing – so mind your pee’s and queues! And if your customers have a run in, fists will be flying!

Extra points are scored for maintaining proper men’s room etiquette (which you guys will all know about, and you girls can learn the secrets to the unwritten rules) as well as for demonstrating good personal hygiene. Are you a washer or a walker? In either case, try to encourage patrons to wash their hands for higher scores!

There are 5 different locations for you to manage as you progress. Level-up to unlock them by completing specific in-game objectives. But beware! Levels become more difficult to navigate as each wave of patrons gets longer! Don’t forget – older and drunk patrons don’t move as fast as some of the little squirts! So prepare yourself for both slow and fast pee-ers! (peers)

Can you control the stream and get your patrons in and out accident free? Or will you simply run out of time and finger flexibility – winding up with the ultimate janitorial fail: a condemned men’s room!

Download Men’s Room Mayhem today and become the master of bathroom etiquette and cleanliness. Find out what really goes on behind cubicle doors in the ultimate Toilet gaming experience!

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ripstone.mrm
