AMPLITUBE 3.10

Hot-Rod your Desktop
AmpliTube 3 is the world’s leading Guitar and Bass tone creation software. Period. No other software product in the music industry even comes close to the selection, performance and overall sonic accuracy when it comes to creating guitar and bass tones with a computer. Now, that’s a mighty big mouthful of brag, but a wise old country gentleman once told me, “Hey, it ain’t bragging if it’s true.” Here’s how we back it up…



More Gear: Strength in Numbers

AmpliTube 3 has the largest selection of gear available, and our development team is continuously building upon that selection. In the complete AmpliTube 3 flagship full version, there are 160 individual pieces of gear to choose from. Plus, you can add other packages to the mix like AmpliTube Orange®, AmpliTube Fender®, Ampeg® SVX, AmpliTube Slash and more and choose from over 230 pieces of gear. Mind blowing.




Sonic Accuracy: It’s a Matter of Trust

While 230 pieces of gear may sound impressive, the most impressive thing is the sound of those 230 pieces of gear. Our patented technologies allow us to create the most realistic sounding models on the planet — so realistic in fact that the world's leading manufacturers of amplifiers and stompboxes choose us to create digital models of their gear that bear their name. We’re talking iconic, world-class brands Fender, Ampeg, Orange, Soldano, Seymour Duncan, T-Rex, Jet City and more, that have exclusively teamed up with IK to offer an ultra-accurate reproduction of their gear for the AmpliTube range.

Infinite Expansion: The Custom Shop

AmpliTube 3 is the only guitar and bass tone software that gives you the ability to add gear to your virtual collection one piece at a time. This is our Custom Shop feature and it’s truly visionary because now you can buy only the gear you want or need. And we’re constantly adding new gear to the mix with more hardware manufacturers partnering with us to bring their gear to your virtual world. Pretty awesome when you think about it — just like shopping at your music store, but you get to try the gear for 72 hours before you buy it, and there’s no sales guy pressuring you.


Guitarist • Bassist • Producer • Engineer

Whatever your specialty, you’ll find AmpliTube an extremely valuable and flexible tool, expanding your creative palette with some of the world’s most sought after gear. AmpliTube 3 can be used as a sophisticated multi-effects processor in its standalone version that you can integrate into your live rig thanks to its instantaneous preset switching. AmpliTube is also a plug-in for your DAW for live tracking or re-amping guitar and bass tracks, or for having an arsenal of vintage and modern effects to apply also on synthesizers and instruments, vocals, drum tracks and more.
 
http://www.ikmultimedia.com/products/amplitube/