Mandingo Massacre #7

The Biggest Cock on the Planet!

Little Gabriella gets impaled in her ass by a giant black meat pole!

Riley returns for more monster black cock and a real deep throat challenge!

Sheena's BBC cherry gets popped by enormous Mandingo she also sacrifices her ass!

Lust filled MILF, Lisa Ann loves every inch of Dingo's massive meat she lusts for it!

Jayden couldn't wait to try to bury Mandingo's meat everywhere it could possibly fit!

    Scene 1. Sheena Shaw, Mandingo
    Scene 2. Lisa Ann, Mandingo
    Scene 3. Riley Reid, Mandingo
    Scene 4. Gabriella Paltrova, Mandingo
    Scene 5. Jayden Jaymes, Mandingo

Length 2 hrs. 20 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Feb 18 2013
Production Year 2013
Studio  Jules Jordan Video

Actresses:
    Gabriella Paltrova [Anal IR]
    Jayden Jaymes [IR]
    Lisa Ann [Anal IR]
    Riley Reid [IR]
    Sheena Shaw [Anal IR]

Actors:
    Mandingo


Mandingo Massacre 7

Jules Jordan Video

Genre: Interracial, Gonzo

Director: Jules Jordan

Cast: Sheena Shaw, Mandingo, Lisa Ann, Riley Reid, Gabriella Paltrova, Jayden Jaymes

Length: 140:28 minutes

Date of Production: 1/1/2013

Extras: The extras were kind of generic, the 14:27 minute Behind the Scenes feature offering more sex (which most fans will appreciate more than boring interviews while the ladies are getting makeup applied), the trailers, the photogallery, the usual pop shot recap, helpful cast list, and director biography all welcome.

Audio/Video Quality: Mandingo Massacre 7 was presented in an anamorphically enhanced 1.78:1 widescreen color the movie was shot in by director Jules Jordan for Jules Jordan Video. There was some variation in the lighting on this single disc endeavor that added additional grain but I saw a few other issues as the camera kept an active stance at providing the best angles to showcase the ladies. The editing helped in this endeavor too with a movie as long as this one needing extra care to make sure that there is enough tease but also heated sexual antics, my initial impression being that this was a well rounded romp where virtually all the cast had a lot of fun. The bitrate was sufficient to handle the visual elements in most cases, the camera movement such that the ladies were nicely showcased at almost all times. The audio was presented in a 2.0 Dolby Digital English offering that really didn't use any separation in terms of the vocals (there was some potential to do so here too). The dynamic range was also kind of generic, an area that seemed slightly better than previous efforts and an area that Jules could easily improve to make best use of the great many home theaters in the hands of porn fans everywhere.

Body of Review: Jules Jordan is best known as a gonzo porn director founding Jules Jordan Video, his works and those of his peers typically receiving the most acclaim on a routine basis. His legion of fans appreciate that he includes a lot of tease, skimpy attire, and high end casting of the best available talent, his most recent release being the single disc, interracial Mandingo Massacre 7. As expected, the five scenes showcased some talented hotties taking on the massive black cock of Mandingo, gals like Sheena Shaw, Jayden Jaymes, Riley Reid, Lisa Ann, and Gabriella Paltrova. My appreciation for previous volumes in the series is well known, the females cast this time showing a nice variety for your stroking pleasure, even if it was only a single disc release this time. HereΓÇÖs a brief look at the scenes by cast and action, noting that no condoms were used for those still interested:

Summary: Mandingo Massacre 7 by director Jules Jordan for Jules Jordan Video shows fans of interracial action, particularly those wanting to see how well the ladies can handle what amounts to a massive meat missile such as the one sported by Mandingo, that the director knows what they want. The replay value, strokability, and technical qualities all lived up to previous efforts so I rated it as Highly Recommended or better, your personal tastes guiding the ultimate decision. Each of the five ladies participating in the project earned their interracial street credentials here, the level of your interest in the genre ultimately determining whether it might be right for your collection. In short, Mandingo Massacre 7 is the type of interracial porno where the size truly does matter and the ladies all appreciated what was presented them, even some that have shied away from handling the biggest men until recently finding they could push their limits accordingly, getting off in the process.
