
                                        nERv


                           DmC: Devil May Cry (c) Capcom

           01/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
                 1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action


   Detailing Dante's early years and set against a contemporary backdrop,
   DmC Devil May Cry will retain the stylish action, fluid combat and
   self-assured protagonist that have defined the iconic series but
   inject a more brutal and visceral edge.

   The Dante of DmC is a young man who has no respect for authority or
   society in general. Dante knows that he is not human, but also that he
   is not like the demons that have tormented him throughout his life.
   Caught between worlds, he feels like an outcast.

   He is now discovering and coming to terms with what it means to be the
   child of a demon and an angel. This split personality has a real impact
   on gameplay with Dante being able to call upon angel and demon abilities
   at will, transforming his Rebellion sword on the fly to dramatically
   affect both combat and movement.

   - Do it with style - Utilize Dante's Angel and Demon powers to chain
     together ground-based and aerial combos to achieve the best style
	 ranking.

   - Who is Dante? - Explore Dante's early years in a gripping narrative
     featuring familiar faces from the series alongside all new characters.

   - Unbridled action - The intense and iconic sword and gun based combat
     returns with the addition of new weapons all designed to dispatch
	 the demonic spawn back to hell with style and panache.

   - Retaining the Devil May Cry DNA - Capcom staff, including team members
     from previous Devil May Cry titles, have been assigned to the project
	 from the outset to ensure DmC is a true addition to the Devil May Cry
	 franchise.

   - Unrivalled production values - Ninja Theory will take advantage of the
     latest performance capture technology to deliver a level of character
	 design, story-telling and cinematics that perfectly complements DmC's
	 high-octane combat.


   1. Unrar.
   2. Burn or mount the image.
   3. Install the game.
   4. Copy the content from /Crack directory on the DVD to the Win32
      directory of the game, overwriting the existing file.
   5. Play the game.
   6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]