Uncompressed DVD version off Dr Paul's - The Quantum Psychology Program.
DVDrip and audio mp3 rip coming up soon.

DVD1 What's Quantum
DVD2 Software Models
DVD3 Psychology Apps
DVD4 Personal Growth and Psychological Resources
DVD5 The Reptilian instincts of Growth
DVD6 Gods and Goddesses
DVD7 The Mammalian Brian
DVD8 The Higher Brain
DVD9 Boundary Conditions
DVD10 Quantum Psychology Apps

Now YOU have the power to see into the minds of others and predict their behavior – giving you a tremendous advantage in any interpersonal situation!

Never again will you be left scratching your head while someone else walks away with the spoils.

Imagine having a map into the mind of every human being on the planet. Being able to see where they are – where they’ve been and where they are going. Knowing with absolute certainty what they would do next – and being able to use this skill like a super power to get what you want.

Would that help you get more out of your life?

Whether it's for a business deal, a hot date, or car repairs, you now have the ability to win any negotiation at will. This is not voodoo or magic; this is based on pure science. Scientific principles which have been working since people first started interacting with each other.

Up until this point, the map has only been hinted at. Only been available to top level practitioners who have jealously kept it for their own use. This map is so hush-hush they’ve even created their own language around it – making it nearly impossible for the average person to find the treasure hidden within.

But recently, one man undertook the near-impossible task of taking that cryptic map and making it available for those who are looking for more insight into how our brains work and how to leverage that information for a more fulfilling life.
This was not easy work. He was challenged at every turn. The psychology community was not (and still isn’t) ready to have this information released to the public. They want to keep this to themselves so THEY hold all the advantages.

This Map of the Mind Leads to Untold Treasures

Imagine being able to walk into a room and within ten minutes know where everyone else is coming from…

Could you find your perfect business partner under those circumstances? Meet the real woman (or man) of your dreams? Build a rock-solid, lifelong friendship with someone you know, like and trust?

Of course you could!

Not only that, but this map leads to an even more important treasure – self mastery.
You see, if you know yourself, you’re more able to set your boundaries. You’ll automatically know if something is right for you or not. And if it’s not, you’re able to say “no” in a way that is healthy for all parties.

You’ll be able to decide – based on scientific principles and your knowledge of self – how you want to run your life. No more being a victim of circumstance. You’re entirely free to make decisions which are in your own best interest based on your intimate knowledge of yourself!

But let me just warn you up front: This is NOT just another self-help program. This is a truly transformative look at your mind – how it functions… why you do what you do… and how you can even make sense of senseless acts.

You use effective, repeatable solutions to solve problems no matter who you are. And they’re so simple even a fifth grader can understand them and put them into action!

Understand… the mind is a mystery to most of us. Without a clear roadmap, we tend to flounder around from pillar to post without ever actually becoming clear about who we are, why we’re here and what we can offer to the world.

Modern psychology has several models which can help us, but until Dr. Paul Dobransky took those various models and unified them into one complete picture, there has always been something lacking.
More release info at http://www.menspsychology.com/courses/the-quantum-psychology-program-for-men