                  Metro: Last Light *Read Nfo* (c) Deep Silver
    
        05/2013 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
              - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action


 Notes:
  ~~~~~~
  We pre'd within a minute of FLT because we were busy testing, a step they
  obviously optimized away.

  Anyway. FLT release is a mess; an installer that seems to freeze at the end
  of installation, unnecessarily split into 2 DVDs while it could easily fit
  on a single DVD9. More importantly, the Ranger Mode along with other Limited
  Edition content is locked when using their crack. All data files in the two
  releases are identical, so it is the crack.

  It used to be that first complete and working release on sites won. Now it's
  first to pre or last to proper/read.nfo. So here you have it.

  --

  It Is the Year 2034. 

  Beneath the ruins of post-apocalyptic Moscow, in the tunnels of the Metro,
  the remnants of mankind are besieged by deadly threats from outside  and
  within. Mutants stalk the catacombs beneath the desolate surface, and hunt
  amidst the poisoned skies above. 

  But rather than stand united, the station-cities of the Metro are locked in a
  struggle for the ultimate power, a doomsday device from the military vaults
  of D6. A civil war is stirring that could wipe humanity from the face of the
  earth forever. 

  As Artyom, burdened by guilt but driven by hope, you hold the key to our
  survival  the last light in our darkest hour 

  Features
  * A gripping, story-driven first person shooter, Metro: Last Light is the 
    hugely anticipated sequel to 2010's critically acclaimed cult classic 
    Metro 2033 
  * Explore the post-apocalyptic world of the Moscow Metro, one of the most 
    immersive, atmospheric game worlds ever created 



  1. Unrar.
  2. Burn or mount the image.
  3. Install the game. 
  4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack directory on the image to
     your game install directory.
  5. Play the game.
  6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!