What’s in this Next Launcher 3D 1.21.1 apk

V1.21.1
1. (Fixed) Wallpaper stretched issue
2. (Fixed) Wallpaper black issue
V1.21
1.(New) Icon editor (Click Menu—&gt;Personality—&gt;Icon editor)
2.(New) Search function in app drawer (Enter app drawer—&gt;Click Menu—&gt;Search function icon)
3.(New) New effect of folders (Click Menu—&gt;preferences—&gt;Effects settings—&gt;Open folder)
4. (Fixed) Wallpaper stretch issue
5. (Fixed) Some FC bugs

Next Launcher 3D 1.21.1, Wish next Widgets supplied several skin options (ex. Transparent, black, neon ) also recommending variety of.free customization types of Widgets and application s for only next launch buyers to blow custom GO launch users outta water: ))

Introduction

Designed by GO Dev Team, ‘Next Launcher 3D’ shows how a 3-D and dynamic launcher could be possibly like — Extend imagination, extend capabilities. Wish you enjoy this app and embrace the next generation of user interface and interaction to your phone!

Features

* Stereoscopic Screen Preview
Stunning 3D screen preview with dazzling animation of screen switching enables you to access to, add, set home screen, and delete any screen in a second.

* Multi-select Apps
After selecting one app, use sliding gesture to multi-select the other apps. The fantastic interaction designs not only to wow people, but save efforts to fulfill batch operation.

* Customizing Home Screen
Packed with unlimited screen layout function, you may place icons, folders, or widgets randomly on your screen. Change 3D themes and wallpapers to reclaim your phone interface.

* Icons
Icons support rotation, replace, Multi-select, align and so on. Operation is easy and fantastic. Multi-select apps, long press one of the selected apps to gather them, and draw a preview path by selecting operation from app icon menu.

* Rotatable Dock
Invert the dock upward or downward to switch among home screen, preview and editing modes.

* App Drawer
Icons can be arranged by name or time. You can create folders by overlapping app icons. That batch operation to add icons on home screen is also available.

* 3D Widgets & Themes & Live Wallpapers
Popular widgets in 3D space including switch, music, clock have been released, with weather, task manager, calender, notification widgets coming soon. Numerous of 3D themes and live wallpapers are being prepared.

Tips:
1. Please make sure you have installed Google Play Store.
2. Support Android 2.3.3 or higher. Dual-core will be better.