Dreams Come True (1992) [DVDRip]

Actresses: Cameo Danielle Rodgers Kym Wilde [LezOnly] Stacy Nichols Taylor Wane 

Lust, talent and ambition meet in a maelstrom of white-hot erotic heat in this searing look at what goes on behind the scenes in Hollywood. Luscious Taylor Wayne stars as a would-be starlet who will do anything to get to the top - including romping with the sleazy casting agent! Youthful ingenue Stacey Nichols is after the same role, and she's got a pair of well-built hunks to help her get it. Or at least to help themselves to some threeway fun. The flick ends on a Broadway stage, as the performers strut their stuff for the benefit of a world-weary director. It's Part 'A Chorus Line' and All porn passion as egos and libidos Clash by night in this Tantalizing Take on the Classic Couch casting scenario. Scene Breakdowns : Scene 1. Taylor Wane, Ron Jeremy Scene 2. Stacy Nichols, Jerry Butler, Tom Chapman Scene 3. Cameo, Steve Drake Scene 4. Danielle Rodgers, Kym Wilde Scene 5. Danielle Rodgers, Randy Spears Extras. Information : If you don't mind a porno version of A Chorus Line, without any singing or dancing, then this video can be highly recommended. Six guys and gals are up for two parts and the director, Randy Spears, with the help of somewhat sleazy producer Ron Jeremy will make the decision. Ronnie is leading toward Taylor Wane who puts out for him while Randy wants to be fair. How He Makes the Decision is a bit strange since no one Auditions Ever, but That really would not Add anything to the Show. The acting cannot be faulted. For some of the cast this is the first time they've gotten to do any real dramatics and they aren't bad, eg, Tom Chapman. The sex blends into the story development instead of the usual case of "stop the plot-I want to get on top". Taylor in her bout with Ron; Danielle Rogers in a jail cell with Kym Wilde plus Jerry Butler; Tom Chapman and an unbilled Stacey Nichols are the sexual highlights. This feature is one of the few that retailers can recommend to their lady renters. It's a true couples' video. 

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=oef1yskgs4acr5yzio8k.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=nkjdi35h0sjcfifl59pv.jpg