Catherine Fisher-Relic Master Series-Books 1-4

Author: Catherine Fisher
Read by: Dan Bittner
Edition: Unabridged MP3
Time and encoding with each book synopsis below.

Author:
Catherine Fisher is the New York Times bestselling author of Incarceron. She is "one of today's best fantasy writers" according to the London Independent. An acclaimed novelist and poet,she has written many fantasy books for young people, including The Oracle Prophecy series. Incarceron was named by the London Times as the Best Children's Book of the Year, and has received five starred reviews in the United States. Ms. Fisher lives in Wales. 

Series Summary:
   Welcome to Anara, a world mysteriously crumbling to devastation, where nothing is what it seems: Ancient relics emit technologically advanced powers, members of the old Order are hunted by the governing Watch yet revered by the people, and the great energy that connects all seems to also be destroying all. The only hope for the world lies in Galen, a man of the old Order and a Keeper of relics, and his sixteen-year-old apprentice, Raffi. They know of a secret relic with great power that has been hidden for centuries. As they search for it, they will be tested beyond their limits. For there are monsters-some human, some not-that also want the relic's power and will stop at nothing to get it.

Book teasers

01 - The Dark City - 5hr 43min, MP3, 44100kHz, 64kbps, Joint Stereo, CBR

The only hope for Anara, a world crumbling to devastation, lies in a master, his apprentice, and the mysteriously powerful and illegal ancient relics they collect. A secret relic with great power has been hidden for centuries, and as Raffi and Galen search for it, they will be hunted, spied on, and tested beyond their limits. For there are monsters-some human, some not-that also want the relic's power and will stop at nothing to get it.

02 - The Lost Heiress - 5hr 27min, MP3, 44100kHz, 96kbps, Joint Stereo, CBR

Even though Tasceron and its Emperor have fallen, there is a rumor that the heiress to the throne still lives. If so, her life is in grave danger, especially from the Watch. Galen and Raffi must race to find and protect her. 

03 - The Hidden Coronet - 6hr 25min, MP3, 44100kHz, 64kbps, Joint Stereo, CBR

The coronet, a potent ancient relic, might be the only way to defeat the power that is destroying Anara. But it has been lost for centuries, and only legend tells of its whereabouts. Will Galen and Raffi be able to find it before the Watch does?

04 - The Margrave - 7hr 16min, MP3, 44100kHz, 64kbps, Joint Stereo, CBR

Galen and Raffi's quest has brought them to the Pits of Maar. There, below the surface of the world, in the deepest darkness, a most evil thing is waiting for them to come.

