This fills a request by Oneiromancer12. All credit to the original scanners and uploader. Please seed and share with our friends here on TPB!  --STFmaryville

------

This torrent contains:

THE QUESTION 01-36 (1987-1990)
THE QUESTION QUARTERLY 01-05 (1990-1992)
THE QUESTION ANNUAL 1, DETECTIVE COMICS ANNUAL 1, GREEN ARROW ANNUAL 1 (the Fables crossover)
THE QUESTION ANNUAL 2, GREEN ARROW ANNUAL 2 (another crossover)
THE QUESTION RETURNS (1997) (one-shot)
THE QUESTION 37 (2010) (Blackest Night crossover)

------

From Wikipedia:

The Question is a superhero in comic books published by DC Comics. The original was created by writer-artist Steve Ditko, and first appeared in Blue Beetle #1 (June 1967) from Charlton Comics. The character was acquired by DC Comics in the early 1980s and incorporated into the DC Universe. Following the events of the 2006ΓÇô2007 miniseries 52, his protege Renee Montoya took up his mantle and became his successor.

As conceived by Ditko, the Question was an adherent of Objectivism during his career as a minor Charlton hero, much like Ditko's earlier creation, Mr. A. In a 1987ΓÇô1990 solo series from DC, the character developed a Zen-like philosophy.

DC gave the Question his own acclaimed solo series in 1987, which was written by Dennis O'Neil and primarily drawn by Denys Cowan. The series was published for 36 issues, 2 annuals, and 5 "Quarterly" specials. In The Question #1, the Question was defeated in personal combat first by the martial arts mercenary, Lady Shiva, beaten near to death by the hiring villain's thugs, shot in the head with a pellet gun, and thrown into the river to drown. Lady Shiva then rescued him for reasons of her own and gave him directions to meet Richard Dragon as soon as he recovered enough to get out of bed. Once there, Sage learned both martial arts and eastern philosophy. When he returned to the city, he resumed his journalist and superhero careers with adventures that tended to illustrate various philosophic points. To further illustrate those ideas, Dennis O'Neil had a reading recommendation in the letters page of each issue.

In the O'Neil series, Vic Sage is an investigative reporter for the news station KBEL in Hub City, who uses the identity of the Question to get the answers his civilian identity cannot. Unlike other vigilante superheroes, O'Neil's Question is primarily focused on the politics of his city, and rather than hunting down the perpetrators of petty theft, he tends to fight the corrupt government of Hub City.