
Release: The Men [Marlon Brando] (1950) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Men
Title in Brazil: Espíritos Indômitos
Uploader: labok
Size: 373 MB
Genre: Drama
Format: MKV
Language: English
Runtime: 85 mins
Resolução: 640 x 480
Video Codec: XVID AVC
Subtittles: Spanish
Audio Codec: MP3  AAC
Taxa de Biltrate:  Kbps
IMDB Rating: 7,1 (awaiting 2.011 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0042727/
Directed By: Fred Zinnermann

Starring:  

Marlon Brando ... Ken
Teresa Wright ... Ellen 
Everett Sloane ... Dr. Brock 
Jack Webb ... Norm 
Richard Erdman ... Leo 
Arthur Jurado ... Angel 
Virginia Farmer ... Nurse Robbins 
Dorothy Tree ... Ellen's Mother 
Howard St. John ... Ellen's Father 
Nita Hunter ... Dolores 

Synopis:

Ex-GI Ken who as a result of a war wound is paralyzed below the waist. In the hospital back home, he passes through an initial period of depression with the help of a sympathetic Dr. Brock and his faithful fiancée Ellen. Ken's bitter isolation is also overcome with the help of his fellow patients, especially the intelligent young cynic Norm, the witty Leo and serious young Angel. Soon Ken throws himself into the work rehabilitation and after a long period of physical therapy even suspects he may regain the use of his limbs. With the approval and help of the doctor, he and Ellen marry, but on their wedding night both have misgivings about the marriage: the full realization of Ellen's new responsibilities frighten her and makes her more uncertain than ever, and Ken reverts to self-pity. There is a violent argument, and he goes back to the hospital. But his blazing anger finds no sympathy from his buddies...
    
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
O Ex-soldado Ken (Marlon Brando) está paraplégico por causa da guerra. De volta aos EUA, ele passa por um período de depressão, e é ajudado pelo solidário Dr. Brock, sua esposa Ellen (Teresa Wright), e alguns companheiros também pacientes do hospital. Ken passa por um longo período de reabilitação e casa-se com Ellen. A nova situação do casal é assustadora para ambos, e o medo de Ellen faz com que Ken se torne amargo e cheio de auto-piedade. Ele volta ao hospital após uma briga com Ellen, mas o Dr. Brock mostrará a este soldado que a verdadeira batalha de sua vida está apenas começando.

