Unabridged. 192 kbps
Read by Ann Marie Lee. 
Published by: Listening Library

A touch of computer keys, a blast of heat, and suddenly the Murry twins, Sandy and Dennys, are gasping in a shimmering desert land. If only the brothers had normal parents, not a scientist mother and a father who experiments with space and time travel. If only the Murry twins had noticed the note on the door of their mother's lab:  Experiment In Progress. Please Keep Out

Amazon.com Review

We've all done it. In the frigid depths of winter we've wished we could be magically transported to someplace warm and sunny. But most people don't have genius parents who just happen to be working on a scientific experiment with time travel at the moment of our wish. Sandy and Dennys Murry, the "normal" boys in a family of geniuses, suddenly find themselves trudging through a blazing-hot desert, seeking a far-off oasis for shade. Their desperate wandering brings them face-to-face with history--biblical history. Soon they're feeling right at home with Noah and his family. Even so, the urgent question is, how will Sandy and Dennys get back to their own place and time before the floods--the many waters--come? As they begin to cross the invisible border into adulthood, the twins must confront their ability to resist temptation and embrace integrity.

In Many Waters, Madeleine L'Engle continues the Murry family saga, which includes A Wrinkle in Time; A Wind in the Door; and A Swiftly Tilting Planet, which won the American Book Award. L'Engle's mystical mix of science fiction and fantasy, time and space travel, history, morals, religion, and culture once again urges her many adoring readers to stretch their minds and hearts to understand why the world is the way it is.
-Emilie Coulter

This is the fourth book in the Time Quartet series by Madeleine L'Engle.

00 - Intro
01 - Chapter 01 - Virtual Particles and Virtual Unicorns
02 - Chapter 02 - Pelican in the Wilderness
03 - Chapter 03 - Japheth's Sister Yalith
04 - Chapter 04 - Grandfather Lamech and Grandfather Enoch
05 - Chapter 05 - The Nephilim
06 - Chapter 06 - Adnarel and the Quantum Leap
07 - Chapter 07 - The Seraphim
08 - Chapter 08 - Oholibama. Japheth's Wife
09 - Chapter 09 - Mahlah's Time, Lamech's Time
10 - Chapter 10 - The Song of the Stars
11 - Chapter 11 - Many Waters Cannot Quench Love
12 - Chapter 12 - Neither Can the Floods Drown It
13 - Outro