zebNet Firefox Backup 2012

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 is a professional application specially designed to easily perform backups of your Mozilla Firefox profiles, so that you can restore your profiles quickly when you need them.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 automatically detects whether Mozilla Firefox is installed on your computer, therefore avoiding the need for complicated settings.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 saves up to 70% of your valuable disk space by automatically compressing the backup files, so that there is no need to worry about the disk space it will occupy.

Furthermore, the backup files can be protected from unauthorized access by an industry-leading 256-Bit AES encryption by simply entering a password of your choice.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 allows you to easily browse through existing backup files just as easily as with Windows Explorer, which enables you to restore single specific files.

Additionally, zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 facilitates an automatic backup system with which you can back up all your Mozilla Firefox profiles on a regular basis - daily, weekly or monthly so that your backup files are always up to date.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 delivers with the integrated backup guard continuous data protection (CDP) for your Mozilla Firefox profiles. This means that a new backup can be automatically created every time when closing Mozilla Firefox.

It does not matter how many Mozilla Firefox profiles you have, because compared to other applications of this kind, zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 will make a complete backup of all your profiles including your bookmarks, passwords, personal settings, add-ons and much more.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 creates cross-platform backup files which makes it incredibly easy to move all your Mozilla Firefox settings without any problems or adjustments from one computer to another, even if it has a different version of Microsoft Windows and/or Mozilla Firefox installed - for example from Mozilla Firefox 3 to Mozilla Firefox 9 or vice versa.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 is very flexible as it is and is even able to create self-restoring backup files as well as reserve copies of the backup files in a different location and FTP offsite copies.

Furthermore, you can easily create a portable version of zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 to use it on other computers wherever you are.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 is compatible with portable editions of Mozilla Firefox and is even able to create a portable edition of Mozilla Firefox with your local profile directly on a USB flash drive.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 has a lot of powerful and useful features and is easy to use as it is completely self-explanatory. This program is also well suited for more novice users.

zebNet Firefox Backup 2012 is designed to protect you as much as possible and is one of the leading backup solutions for Mozilla Firefox worldwide.

Requirements:

System requirements: PC with 300 MHz or higher processor clock speed, 64 MB RAM, 6 MB of available hard disk space, Administrator privileges on Microsoft Windows, An active internet connection for activation, Any installed version of Mozilla Firefox
Supported storage media: Hard Disk Drives, Networked Storage Devices, FTP servers, ZIP, Jaz and other removable media, PATA (IDE), SATA, SCSI, SAS, IEEE1394 (Firewire), USB1/2.0/3.0 drives
Supported operating systems: Windows XP (32/64 Bit), Windows Vista (32/64 Bit), Windows 7 (32/64 Bit) and Windows 8 (32/64 Bit)

Homepage: http://www.zebnet.us/product.php?id_product=11

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.


Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.