AusLogics BoostSpeed

Auslogics BoostSpeed - the popular tool to speed up Windows, programs and Internet connection from the company AusLogics. The program optimizes computer memory, accelerates loading Windows, improves performance Microsoft Office, The Bat, FireFox, Opera, Skype, cleans the registry and disk. The fourth version of the program includes the famous Auslogics Disk Defrag, and a set of new tools for today's computers. After defragmenting the registry BoostSpeed, speed of the computer will increase by reducing the fragmentation of the registry files, reducing their size, as well as by eliminating errors in the registry. In addition, this program offers powerful cleaning registry and disk, which in turn will allow your computer to work more quickly and efficiently. Has a nice user interface and support for Russian language.


Features:

"Cleaning the computer disk from unnecessary files
"Cleaning the registry of errors and unnecessary entries
"Find and delete duplicate files
Defragment your hard drive
Defragment the registry to improve performance
"The acceleration and optimization of Internet connection
Defragment and clean the computer's memory
"Clear browser history, programs, and removal of traces
"Lock the possible ways to incursions into the computer from the outside
"Secure deletion of files and folders from your computer
"Full disk scrubbing from previously deleted files
"Setting up the operating system using the hidden features
"Setting up system services on your system
"Managing the installed programs and delete them
"Manage the list of programs at startup
"Get detailed information about your system
"View running processes with detailed information about each process
"Rapid access to integrated tools Windows.

Auslogics BoostSpeed

Version:
5.5.1.0
Release date:
January 19, 2013
Program size:
12.03 MB

System Requirements

Windows Win 8 (32 or 64 bit), Win 7 (32 or 64 bit), Vista SP2 (32-bit only), XP SP3 (32-bit only)
50 MB available hard disk space
256 MB RAM

Homepage: http://www.auslogics.com/en/software/boost-speed/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.