This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Stylistics - The Stylistics Greatest Love Hits (1985)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41DA1AK6EML._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Stephen Thomas Erlewine):

After the Spinners and the O'Jays, the Stylistics were the leading Philly soul group produced by Thom Bell. During the early '70s, the band had 12 straight Top Ten hits, including "You Are Everything," "Betcha by Golly, Wow," "I'm Stone in Love With You," "Break Up to Make Up," and "You Make Me Feel Brand New." Of all their peers, the Stylistics were one of the smoothest and sweetest soul groups of their era. All of their hits were ballads, graced by the soaring falsetto of Russell Thompkins, Jr. and the lush yet graceful productions of Bell, which helped make the Stylistics one of the most successful soul groups of the first half of the '70s.

Read all of the bio at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-stylistics-p5549/biography

All Music Album Review (by Ron Wynn):

Another anthology, this one covering the beautiful love songs and romantic ballads that were The Stylistics' specialty. These are all magnificent, some of the finest sentimental soul that's ever been recorded. But it's also been issued before, and Amherst's mastering isn't anything to write home about, especially the way they tend to wash out Russell Tompkins, Jr.'s high notes.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/greatest-love-hits-r19256

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000001O85

Track List:

01. Love Is The Answer
02. Can't Help Falling In Love
03. Can't Give You Anything (But My Love)
04. I'd Rather Be Hurt By You (Than Be Loved By Somebody Else)
05. Because I Love You, Girl
06. You Make Me Feel Brand New
07. Our Love Will Never Die
08. My Love, Come Live With Me
09. I Will Love You Always
