RPGS or, role playing games have been big hits when exported to the world of consoles. While video RPGs like Final Fantasy or Zelda are still very present in the heart of the games more realistic games are also gaining in popularity as the graphics are improving every other generation. There are many great games out there, but one of the most popular RPGs are known for their attractive combat system, great character customization feature, well-written story line and the large number of unions and the other side missions. WeΓÇÖre talking about Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, the fourth game in the video game category of the same name.
Released in 2007, the fourth installment of the series The Elder Scrolls, Oblivion is a great RPG full of interesting and well thought out details and a fascinating history. This game is not only enjoyable to play, but also has great replay value. You can customize your own character and travel the world impressive Cyrodil, where you will find a lot of cities, camps, settlements, ruins, caves, temples, dungeons and large landscapes with rivers, mountains (which are difficult to scale) waterfalls, etc.
This game is definitely what one would expect from an RPG, RPG typical techniques used to defeat enemies ΓÇô magic, melee or ranged attacks. You can choose to complete the main task at their own pace by u choose to participate or not in any of the other 100 side missions. The Elder Scrolls IV is so full of adventure and play a passionate gamer could happen, apart from the main quest, over 100 hours exploring and solving puzzling other missions.
Set in a fantasy world of elves, monsters, Orcs, myths and magic, you become aware of a plot to defeat the Emperor now when you recognize a dream and hopes that with the search for his illegitimate son. The kingdom is invaded by monsters from hell being transported to their dimension buttoned up Oblivion Gates. To attain the secrets of closing the doors for the first time must flee the Imperial City, being careful not attacked by these nasty creatures.
This is a single player game, but you may want some help from another room to help solve some of the most difficult missions. If you choose to play in first person mode or third person, you will be pleasantly surprised as both were implemented terribly so, but there are some limitations in the third person mode in terms of ranged attacks.
The open format allows you to choose your own style ΓÇô adventure, speed and stealth, heroic. Long stories short, what you choose to do in the game, enjoy it because everything was exceptionally design.

******* PAY ATTENTION, INSTRUCTIONS, IMPORTANT STUFF TO KNOW ********

Unpack the first file (the exe one) to a folder
Navigate to that folder
Make a shortcut to or run the Oblivion.The.Shivering.Isles.v1.2.0416.NoDVD.exe file
take tylenol for headaches, midol for cramps....rinse lather repeat when needed....
Would've left it a single file like my other ones, however winrar hit a maximum file size and i didn't want to take anything away from the game nor remove anything from an already working product.

If you're running into problems, update directx, update video drivers, make sure you got like framework and other common windows missing stuff. then come back and complain, keep in mind like all my larger torrents takes me longer to get it out than the smaller ones, complaining about seeds doesn't get it there faster.