ould you like to get your cleaning done without putting the rest of your life on hold?

Would you like your house cleaning to have a professional makeover?

If you do, then Super Simple Home Cleaning will help you do just that, and more!

This easy to read how-to-guide by Amazon bestselling author Judith Turnbridge will not only help make your home clean, safe and harmonious for you and your family to live in, but to do so in a way which is easy on your pocket and friendly on the environment.

Here's how...

Whether you are doing your weekly chores or embarking on some serious deep cleaning, this book will show you how easily it can be done without using harsh chemicals and products with dubious environmental claims. You will be able to say goodbye to amassing a closet full of cleaning products in the vain hope that something is going to make it easier - when in fact it doesn't! Instead you'll be able to streamline down to just a few inexpensive but effective items - most of which can already be found in the kitchen pantry! With the many great tips included, you'll learn how to properly do the jobs and care for your home.

Also included in this great book is a 31-day cleaning plan which will help you to break your cleaning routine down into easy-to-perform manageable chunks. This will mean that you'll be able to spend your quality-time doing those things you really want to do.

Some of the topics covered include:

    Cleaning your fridge and freezer - including how to keep a stainless steel refrigerator clean and free of fingerprints
    How to de-frost your freezer without flooding your home
    Cleaning your microwave oven - including the lazy way to clean your microwave
    Cleaning the stove - including how to manually clean a self-cleaning oven
    Cleaning the sink - including how to de-scale taps and plugholes
    How to clean countertops and kitchen cabinets - including really greasy cabinets
    Cleaning the kitchen floor - including how to use a mop the proper way
    How to clean your couch, armchair and cushions - including how to get your couch free of pet smells
    How to clear a living room in just 12 minutes - great if you have visitors arriving soon
    How to take care of your dining room table - including how to hide scratches
    How to clean the toilet so it will look and smell brand new - even including the toilet's waste pipe
    How to remove soap scum and kill mold
    How to clean / de-scale a shower-head
    How to clean a bathtub or sink drain
    How to clean mirrors
    How to clean the bedding - including how to clean ink from bedspreads
    How to clean the mattress - including how to remove stains
    How to clean windows, drapes and blinds
    How to clean rugs and carpets
    How to clean books, CDs and DVDs
    How to clean lampshades
    How to clean silver, gold, brass, copper and pewter
    How to clean wood furniture - make your wood cabinets sparkle!
    How to clean audio visual gear and computers
    How to clean your walls without taking the paint off
    How to reduce the amount of dust forming in your home
    Sharing the chores - including when's the best age to start getting your kids involved and what kind of chores would be best

There's also much more in this no-fluff (pun not intended) cleaning guide!

You owe it to yourself to read Super Simple Home Cleaning because no other book will help you make your home cleaner, easier to maintain and best of all, save you from breaking the bank in the process.