 http://beeimg.com/images/i05896384712.png

Dxtory 2.0.122 Final Incl License File - SceneDL

The Fastest Movie Capture

Dxtory is a movie capture tool only for DirextX/OpenGL application.
In order to acquire data from Surface Memory directly, It operates very much at high speed.
Arbitrary cropping and free scaling are supported by hardware.

Non-deteriorated Capture

The codec of Dxtory can record original pixel data as it is. A quality can be pursued to a limit with video source without degradation.
Moreover, since the third party VFW codec is also supported, the user can choose a favorite solution.

Distribution HDD Writing
 
http://beeimg.com/images/y50433892151.png

The bottleneck of No. 1 of the speed of capture is a write-in speed to HDD.
If it is the environment of two or more HDD, this function will accelerate writting speed.
Preparation is completed only by specifying two or more holders which save data, and performing speed setting, without using a special file system.

Dual Audio Recording
 
http://beeimg.com/images/w02578361112.png

If there are two or more audio input devices, two sound sources are recordable, like game sound and mic input.
It is possible to edit it individually later because it is preserved respectively as an independent stream in AVI file.
Only voice changes volume or there is small only game sound, by the conventional mux recording, it becomes possible for it to have been impossible.
If CoreAudio is effective environment (Windows Vista/Windows 7), since game sound can also be recorded from an output, only by 1 audio device, two lines are recordable. (* There is also a thing which cannot record sound depending on application.)

Trial Mode Restrictions

The logo goes into the file generated by capture.
The logo is displayed in the DirectShow output.
A license purchase site is displayed, when a program is terminated.

Capture format

DirectX11.1
DirectX11
DirectX10.1
DirectX10
DirectX9
DirectX8
DirectX7
DirectDraw
OpenGL

Capture Resolution

Unlimited

Supported OS

Windows 8 
Windows 8 x64
Windows 7 
Windows 7 x64
Windows Vista
Windows Vista x64
Windows XP
Windows XP x64

Indispensable Runtime

.NET Framework 4.0

Supported Instruction set

SSE2
SSE3
SSSE3
SSE4.1
AVX

What's New in This Version :

FIX: The bug of IDirectDrawSurface2.
FIX: In the case of "Force CPU Processing" of DirectX10/11, the bug that non-indication of the mouse cursor is not handled normally.
MOD: The code of an audio capture is changed.
MOD: Supported special Present of DirectX9Ex.

OS : Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8

Language : English, Japnese

Home Page - http://dxtory.com/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Open The App
3] Click on License Register
4] Browse License File in the License File Folder 
5] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL