In Brazil, various exotic birds are smuggled out of the country. In Moose Lake, Minnesota, a crate with a male blue macaw hatchling falls out of a truck and is found by bookstore-owner Linda Gunderson, who names him Blu. Fifteen years later,[7] Blu is unable to fly and is ridiculed by the Canada Geese that come by the outside of Linda's bookstore.
One day, ornithologist Túlio Monteiro invites Blu and Linda to Rio de Janeiro on the condition that Blu, who is the last male of his species, mates with a female macaw. Linda accepts and they fly to Rio, where Blu meets a Red-crested Cardinal named Pedro and his Yellow Canary friend Nico. At Túlio's aviary, Blu falls in love with Jewel, a confident and independent blue macaw longing to flee into the wilderness. The macaws are captured by Fernando, an impoverished orphan boy, and a Sulphur-crested Cockatoo named Nigel, both of whom work for a group of smugglers led by Marcel. Nigel tells the macaws that he vowed to smuggle exotic birds after his role had been replaced on a television program. Blu and Jewel are able to escape and flee into a jungle.
Fernando meets Linda and Túlio and tells them that Marcel forced him to capture birds, before cooperating with the two to find Blu. Meanwhile, Blu and Jewel meet a Toco toucan named Rafael, who offers to take them to his bulldog friend Luiz to remove their leg chain. He tries to teach Blu how to fly, before they meet up with Pedro and Nico. Nigel hires a horde of thieving marmosets to capture Blu and Jewel. Pedro and Nico take Blu and Jewel to a bird's Rio-style party, where they perform a duet, but encounter the marmosets. Their bird friends fight them while Blu's group escapes. Fernando takes Linda and Túlio to the smugglers hideout, where they discover that Blu has escaped. Marcel explains that he will use the Rio Carnival parade to capture Blu and Jewel.
Meanwhile, Blu and the others meet Luiz, who releases the chain holding Blu and Jewel; and the macaws decide to go their separate ways after a heated argument. When Blu and Rafael learn from Pedro and Nico that Nigel captured Jewel, they rush to the carnival to rescue her, while Linda and Túlio organize a rescue attempt for the birds.
As Linda and Túlio pose as dancers in blue macaw costumes, Marcel uses Nigel to capture the birds. On board Marcel's Short SC.7 Skyvan, the macaws release the captive birds, but Nigel injures Jewel. Blu fights with Nigel, and the smugglers flee the plane. Blu manages to send Nigel flying out of the plane with the fire extinguisher, and Nigel gets caught in the plane's engines, though he survives. Unable to fly, Jewel falls out of the plane towards the ocean. Jumping out of the plane to rescue Jewel, Blu finally discovers that he is able to fly. Later, Linda and Túlio adopt Fernando, heal Jewel, and organize a sanctuary to protect the jungle from smugglers. Blu and Jewel raise three baby birds together and celebrate with their bird friends, and the smugglers are sent to jail.
"ENJOY"