Three Victories and a Defeat: The Rise and Fall of the First British Empire, 1714-1783 
Brendan Simms


PDF: 832 pages
Publisher: Penguin Books, Limited (UK) (July 1, 2008)


This book describes the diplomatic and military history of Great Britain from 1701 to 1783; it does so as part of a comprehensive case for the "Eurocentric" thesis in British diplomatic history. The ultimate outcome, of course, is the creation of the American Republic (or "partition of Britain"), which Simms demonstrates to have been the result of events in Continental Europe rather than in the Colonies.

The book is naturally organized around the War of the Spanish Succession (1701-1713), the War of the Austrian Succession (1740-1748), the Seven Years War (1756-1763), and the War of American Independence (1770-1783). The first three of these were categorically European wars, with fairly modest naval theaters. The last was a complicated combination of naval and North American engagements; the European modality of the conflict was exclusively diplomatic, but that was to prove decisive.

The first three wars featured an insidious dwindling of Britain's European allies: a grand alliance of the Netherlands, Portugal, Savoy, Austria, Prussia, and Hanover combined with Britain to contain Louis XIV. The constant opportunistic maneuvers by successive ministries (in London and elsewhere) destroyed mutual trust in the system of alliances, but not the will to wage war. Britain was nearly left at the altar in 1740, when its foreign secretaries sought Austrian assistance with nothing in return; then again, in 1756, when everyone swapped partners and it was stuck with Prussia. In both 1710 and again, in 1761, the British government abruptly abandoned its allies when it got what it wanted (and changed governing parties); this led directly to the isolation of 1775.

The victory of 1763 was staggering in its magnitude; it left Britain the master of America, the African littoral, and South Asia. The victories were so sweeping they not only made Britain politically incapable of making the compromises needed to cultivate alliances, but also left it a defense perimeter of unmanageable size. Most of Continental Europe was either in a revanchist mood, or else exasperated by Britain's rough handling of neutrals. Hence, when the Revolution erupted in New England, the UK soon found itself at war with every single continental power; it was unable to open a front on the Continent, unable to tie down France, and paralyzed by violent extremes of public opinion at home.

The book is so excellent because it rises to meet an extraordinary challenge: it describes with maximum efficiency the crucial diplomatic/strategic transformations that made Britain the first true global superpower. Simms has to marshal immense documentary evidence merely to describe what happened, let alone defend his thesis. He does so with profound effectiveness because he never pads his prose. There are no digressions on whether we should judge the characters by our own standards or theirs, no efforts to "novelize" the narration with speculations on the actors' impressions or motives. Most of the time, Simms actually furnishes evidence as to what these were, and uses his skills as an historian to explain how we can assign relative weight to the events.

The book is so sparely written that a truly awesome amount of information is presented, and all of it is meticulously documented. But this is no almanac; every single detail has a clear purpose. Simms' thesis is that Great Britain's elites had a vivid, professional conception of their role in a congress of Europe; that Britain required that its potential rivals remain incapable of unilaterally dictating European affairs. In the 1760's, Britain itself had become that which it feared, a hyperpower which could virtually face down the whole of Europe. Its defeat was not at the hands of American settlers, nor even at the hands of the French and Spanish navies (although these were crucial). Rather, it was the collapse of a stable pan-European polity, and the desperation on all sides to restore that polity. 