The Hobbit (2012) An Unexpected Journey x264 MKV1080p DD5.1 Ned Eng Subs

The Hobbit  An Unexpected Journey (2012)
Alternatieve titel: De Hobbit: Een Onverwachte Reis 


Verenigde Staten / Nieuw-Zeeland
Avontuur / Fantasy
169 minuten

geregisseerd door Peter Jackson
met Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen en Richard Armitage

Bilbo Balings is een simpele hobbit die een rustig leventje leidt in de Gouw in Midden-aarde. Zijn rustige bestaan is echter snel voorbij als de tovenaar Gandalf op zijn deur klopt. Samen met Gandalf en dertien dwergen onderneemt Bilbo een avontuur dat hem moet leiden naar de schat die de draak Smaug van de dwergen gestolen heeft.

» Momenteel te zien in 26 bioscopen



Storyline

Bilbo Baggins is swept into a quest to reclaim the lost Dwarf Kingdom of Erebor from the fearsome dragon Smaug. Approached out of the blue by the wizard Gandalf the Grey, Bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior, Thorin Oakenshield. Their journey will take them into the Wild; through treacherous lands swarming with Goblins and Orcs, deadly Wargs and Giant Spiders, Shapeshifters and Sorcerers. Although their goal lies to the East and the wastelands of the Lonely Mountain first they must escape the goblin tunnels, where Bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever ... Gollum. Here, alone with Gollum, on the shores of an underground lake, the unassuming Bilbo Baggins not only discovers depths of guile and courage that surprise even him, he also gains possession of Gollum's "precious" ring that holds unexpected and useful qualities ... A simple, gold ring that is tied to the fate of all Middle-earth in ways Bilbo cannot begin to ...
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0903624/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/77676




Source: the.hobbit.an.unexpected.journey.2012.1080p.bluray.x264-sparks
Format: x264 (MKV)
Audio: Engels (DD5.1)
Beeld: 1920*800
Ondertitels: NEDERLANDS & Engels
Quality over Quantity (QoQ) Releases Vertalingen
Vertaling: WinchesterGirl, Ren Höek, pinkGaai & SeriesFreak
 
Enjoy the Movie

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.