This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2011.


Jefferson Airplane - White Rabbit & Other Hits (1990)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51Sg0hbAmKL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by William Ruhlmann):

Jefferson Airplane was the first of the San Francisco psychedelic rock groups of the 1960s to achieve national recognition. Although the Grateful Dead ultimately proved more long-lived and popular, Jefferson Airplane defined the San Francisco sound in the 1960s, with the acid rock guitar playing of Jorma Kaukonen and the soaring twin vocals of Grace Slick and Marty Balin, scoring hit singles and looking out from the covers of national magazines. They epitomized the drug-taking hippie ethos as well as the left-wing, antiwar political movement of their time, and their history was one of controversy along with hit records. Their personal interactions mirrored those times; the group was a collective with shifting alliances, in which leaders emerged and retreated. But for all the turmoil, Jefferson Airplane was remarkably productive between 1965 and 1972. They toured regularly, being the only band to play at all the major '60s rock festivals -- Monterey, Woodstock, even Altamont -- and they released seven studio albums, five of which went gold, plus two live LPs and a million-selling hits collection that chronicled their eight chart singles. Rather than formally breaking up, they mutated into other configurations, Hot Tuna and Jefferson Starship, and went on to further success in the 1970s and '80s, before reuniting for an album and tour in 1989.

Read all of the bio at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/jefferson-airplane-p4603/biography

All Music Album Review (by Stephen Thomas Erlewine):

White Rabbit & Other Hits is a budget-priced, eight-track collection that contains several of Jefferson Airplane's most familiar songs ("Somebody to Love," "White Rabbit," "Embryonic Journey," "Plastic Fantastic Lover," "Volunteers"), which makes it of interest to budget-minded consumers.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/white-rabbit-r10291

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000002W2O

Track List:

01. It's No Secret
02. Somebody To Love
03. Today
04. White Rabbit
05. Embryonic Journey
06. Crown Of Creation
07. Plastic Fantastic Lover
08. Volunteers
