My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 7

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 2 - Cousins

Sam and Chris banter like brothers, but despite growing up not far from each other, it's only in the past few years these cousins have got to know one another.

Sam, 26 and Chris, 24 grew up in bayside Melbourne and really only saw each other at Christmas or at the occasional family function.

It was only after Sam came back from living in Europe a couple  of years ago that he looked up his cousin Chris, who is studying exercise, movement and sports marketing, works in a gym part-time and is a committed and accomplished triathlete.

"I got back from overseas and had lost five kilos. I'd been into the gym but wasn't over there, I'd done a year of drinking and smoking, and thought I had to cut the smoking. Chris was into cycling so I thought maybe I'd get into that, we started hanging out and that's when we reconnected," explains Sam.

It was only Christmas 2011 that they discovered their shared love  of cooking. "Chris brought some dessert, a meringue kind of thing," says Sam, who works in AFL merchandising. "We started talking about it. I said I liked cooking and now we cook for the family. We get them together for lunch."

Sam says, "I'm more your savoury person. I like doing meats; I like Asian food. I'm pretty good with a knife and I like making pasta."

Chris likes to do desserts. "I'm pretty good with pastry. I always made scones for our great grandmother and it went from there.  I always used to help cook desserts for my mum and dad's dinner parties and I loved it because everyone always loves dessert.  The glory at the end!"

Together in the kitchen their personalities shine through. "In general life I consider myself more relaxed than Sam," says Chris. "In the kitchen Sam is 100 miles an hour and I'm the complete opposite, I'm ‘Yeah, it'll be right.'"
Chris, who is currently single, has other talents: he is a singer, plays guitar and keyboards and is recording a demo.

Sam, also single, is often out and about in his St Kilda neighbourhood, determined to make the most of life.

"I had a couple of mates who were really young when they nearly died from cancer and it changed me, " he says. "I realised you had to take your opportunities."
