No need for serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes. 
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser or other unwanted things.
You can even run this torrent from an USB-Stick.
Easy Uninstall with the Windows control panel.
Choose where you want to put the files on your PC. 
These are a few things that makes a '2-click run' version a better version.

Xara Web Designer is unlike any web editor you will have seen before; an easy template based solution that gives you total page design freedom, no HTML skills required.

Create websites and web graphics with Xara Web Designer.
Xara Web Designer is unlike any web editor you will have seen before; an easy template based solution that gives you total page design freedom, no HTML skills required.

Seeing is believing
Traditional web authoring tools are really just HTML editors, they are designed to create text layout, providing few, if any, graphical capabilities. And yet it's evident that the vast majority of modern websites are of a graphical nature. We believe you should have complete freedom to include anything - text, graphics, photos - anywhere on the page, using just one tool. And you shouldn't need to know, or even see, the HTML that goes into creating your site, any more than a car driver needs to know how an engine works

There is no easier solution
The Web Designer approach is simple: Pick your design from the templates; customize it with complete freedom; publish. Absolutely no HTML or javascript skills are required!

One tool solution
You only need one program for creating graphical websites - from design to publishing - and that's Web Designer.
Web Designer includes customizable template designs plus tools for creating your own vector graphics and animations, for photo editing (an integrated ultra-fast, non-destructive photo tool), and for advanced text layout. Site upload is covered too!

Total design freedom
Web Designer gives you total design freedom - using drag and drop you can literally place anything, anywhere on the page. And things which are normally difficult to achieve in HTML are a snap in Web Designer - for example text with curved edges, text or graphics at an angle, text flowing around objects - no problem!

WYSIWYG
Whether you customize one of the bundled templates or create your own graphics or animations, it's genuinely WYSIWYG - what you see in Web Designer is exactly what you get on your website.

Quality results guaranteed
Web Designer's templates are created by top professional designers, so the quality is guaranteed. But of course you can customize the color, text, images, size etc to create your own personal look without any loss of quality. It's the best of both worlds!

Clever stuff
But we have some clever tricks too, to make things easier for you - here's just a few of the things that will save you time and trouble:
Liquid text flow around objects; easy mouseover, thumbnail and pop-up creation; automatic adjustment of photos to the correct web resolution; one-click change of site wide theme colors and shades; automatic color matching of imported objects such as buttons; and buttons and text panels that automatically stretch as you change the text.

Compatibility
Working with industry standards is vital, so Web Designer sites are W3C compliant, cross browser compatible (IE 5.5, Firefox, Safari, Chrome) and XHTML, CSS standards based.
It can also import a huge range of files types for vector graphics, image and text including PDF, RTF, RAW, PSD, TIFF and of course JPEG, PNG, GIF.

Minimum System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows XP/Vista/7/8. Intel Celeron or newer, or AMD Sempron or newer, plus:
Photo & Graphic Designer, Designer Pro, Web Designer, Web Designer Premium 500MB RAM, 300MB hard disc space

Homepage: http://www.xara.com/