Fashion, Costume, and Culture: Clothing, Headwear, Body Decorations, and Footwear Through the Ages; 5 Volume Set Edition 1

Publisher: UXL; 1 edition (December 5, 2003)  PDF 1040 pages

From the furry hides probably worn by Neanderthals to designer jeans, this set intended for middle-schoolers surveys how people have covered and adorned themselves through the ages and around the world. The volumes cover The Ancient World; Early Cultures across the Globe; European Culture from the Renaissance to the Modern Era; Modern World Part I, 1900-1945; and Modern World Part II, 1946-2003.

Within each volume, organization is by culture ("Ancient Rome," "African Cultures") or by period ("The Sixteenth Century," "1946-1960"). Following a brief introduction that provides background and context, each chapter is divided into sections covering "Clothing," "Headwear," "Body Decoration," and "Footwear," and within each of these categories are an overview and between one and 20 alphabetically ordered entries on specific items or styles. For example, the chapter on Europe in the seventeenth century has entries for breeches, bustles, stomachers, and waistcoats, among other articles of clothing. The chapter on Africa describes beadwork, body painting, and lip plugs, among other types of decoration. There are 430 entries in all, ranging from a paragraph or two to a page, and each concludes with citations to a few references, including Web sites, for additional information. Sidebars highlight related topics, such as hygiene and sumptuary laws.

Each volume contains the same glossary, time line, and general bibliography. Also repeated in each volume are several access aids, including a set table of contents, an alphabetical list of entries, a list of entries by category (clothing, headwear, etc.), and an index.

Provides a broad overview of costume traditions of diverse cultures from prehistoric times to the present day. Examines more than 430 items of human decoration and adornment, ranging from togas to turbans, necklaces to tennis shoes. Explores how and why items were created, the people who made them, and their uses. This set shows how clothing, headwear, body decorations, and footwear reflect the different cultural, religious, and societal beliefs.

Author
Sara Pendergast, Tom Pendergast, Sarah Hermsen 