Here we have four scenario packs from Just Trains.


The Isle of Wight Scenario Pack, developed by Cross City Trains, supplies you with eight engaging and challenging custom scenarios complete with clear instructions on how to complete the tasks. The scenarios will help you to explore the route from end to end and give you many more hours of driving time.

The scenarios require the Isle of Wight and London - Brighton routes.



The London to Brighton Scenario Pack, developed by Cross City Trains, brings you eight challenging and engaging custom scenarios, complete with clear instructions, which give you the chance to explore the route from end to end and provide many more hours of driving time.
 
The scenarios require the London to Brighton route along with the Class 171 DMU that is included in the Edinburgh to Glasgow route.



The British Rail Comeback Scenario Pack, developed by Cross City Trains, brings you nine custom scenarios on the Portsmouth Direct Line, plus a FREE bonus scenario, enabling you to explore the route from end to end and enjoy some engaging and challenging scenarios, all including clear instructions of the tasks to be completed.

The scenarios require the Portsmouth Direct Line route and the 455/9 EMU.



The West Coast Mainline North Scenario pack Vol. 1, developed by Cross City Trains, brings you eight engaging and challenging custom scenarios, all with clear and detailed instructions, to help you explore the route from end to end and to add many more hours of driving time.
 
The scenarios require the West Coast Mainline North route along with Just Trains Voyager, Just Trains Class 67 Advanced, Just Trains Class 20 Collection and Class 325.



Please support the developers and buy some of their content if you can afford it.


If you want to say thanks, contribute and share an addon with the community then email them to us... We will post it on your behalf.

teamtpb4ever@gmail.com


A Team tpb_4_ever upload.