This is the pdf version of the well-known "DSP guide" book from http://www.dspguide.com

Here's the description from the site:

* 640 Pages, Hardcover. Over 500 graphs and illustrations.
* Clear explanations: Very readable - low math - many examples.
* All the classic DSP techniques: Convolution, Recursion, Fourier Analysis...
* For students and professionals
* Written for a wide range of fields: physics, bioengineering, geology, oceanography, mechanical and electrical engineering.


The website claims "You can browse and/or download the entire book without charge", which is only partially true: pdf versions of each chapter are available on the website, but the complete version isn't available. I couldn't find a good complete version online. Most versions out there consist of the chapters merged together into a single pdf file, without the table of contents, the glossary, etc. The only complete version of the book I found online was this one:but it is read-only; printing or editing it requires a password. So I decided to make a proper e-book. Here are the nitty-gritty details for those interested:

1) I obtained the chapter files from http://www.dspguide.com/pdfbook.htm
   (CH1.PDF to CH33.PDF)
2) I grabbed the front and back pages (cover, table of content, glossary, etc.)
   fromand
3) I used LaTeX to fix the pagination so that the first few pages are numbered
   i, ii, iii, etc. This allows one to type "50" in the page input box
   of the pdf reader and actually be taken to that page in the book.
   For this I used the technique described at http://askubuntu.com/a/34269
4) Still in LaTeX, I added a blank page before the first chapter,
   so that it is the 16th, rather than the 15th page of the pdf.
   This fixes a bug in Adobe Reader where dual-view displays the pages incorrectly
   if the odd pages of the book don't correspond to odd pages in the pdf
   (basically, right and left pages swap places).
5) Using PdfMod, I hand-inserted the index from the table of contents,
   so that a sidebar will display on pdf readers to allow jumping
   to a specific chapter as desired.
   While I was at it, I also added in the pdf metadata (author and title).

This should make a fairly robust and usable e-book, whether you like to read in single or dual-page mode, print it, edit it to fix typos (see the errata at http://www.dspguide.com/errata.htm), or whatever you want to do, really.

All in all, this is a great book for those starting to learn about DSP. I highly recommend it. If you enjoy this torrent, don't forget to seed!