
"Bridge Constructor Playground is even more fun than the prequel." – Chip.de

"Bridge Constructor Playground convinces by a fresh look and a lot of fun for several hours." - apfelnews.eu

"Bridge Constructor Playground offers players of all ages an introduction to the topic of “bridge building”. This game gives you the freedom to let your creative side run riot – nothing is impossible." –

"This is a very good sequel and satisfies with all the improvements." – apps-news.de

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bridge Constructor Playground offers people of all ages an introduction to the topic of “bridge building”. This game gives you the freedom to let your creative side run riot – nothing is impossible. Across 30 innovative levels you have to build bridges over deep valleys, canals or rivers. Following this your bridges will be subjected to a stress test to see whether they can support the weight of the cars and/or trucks which drive across them.

In comparison to the #1 hit Bridge Constructor, Bridge Constructor Playground offers an even easier entry to the game incl. an extensive tutorial, a free-build mode and each level offering five challenges to master instead of just two. Tackle each level without constraints and freely build your bridges to move on to the next level. If you want to enter the next island however you have to win a certain number of badges that can be earned in the levels. The badges belong to different categories that offer different challenges: safety badges demand to stay below a certain maximum stress amount, whereas material badges require the use of only certain materials. All in all, the game offers 160 challenges to master (on four islands)! All of this paired with a bright and friendly look combines into an exciting, challenging and also educational experience for the whole family, offering hours of gaming fun.

More info:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.headupgames.bridgeconstructorplayground&hl