Title: Delirium Trilogy & Delirium Stories

Author: Lauren Oliver

Book(s): 6 (Original 3 + 3 Short Stories)

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Romance, Adventure

Summary #1:

They say that the cure for Love will make me happy and safe forever. 

And I've always believed them.

Until now.

Now everything has changed.

Now, I'd rather be infected with love for the tiniest sliver of a second than live a hundred years smothered by a lie.

Lena looks forward to receiving the government-mandated cure that prevents the delirium of love and leads to a safe, predictable, and happy life, until ninety-five days before her eighteenth birthday and her treatment, when she falls in love. 


Summary #2:

Lena Haloway is content in her safe, government-managed society. She feels (mostly) relaxed about the future in which her husband and career will be decided, and looks forward to turning 18, when she’ll be cured of deliria, a.k.a. love. She tries not to think about her mother’s suicide (her last words to Lena were a forbidden “I love you”) or the supposed “Invalid” community made up of the uncured just beyond her Portland, Maine, border. There’s no real point—she believes her government knows how to best protect its people, and should do so at any cost. But 95 days before her cure, Lena meets Alex, a confident and mysterious young man who makes her heart flutter and her skin turn red-hot. As their romance blossoms, Lena begins to doubt the intentions of those in power, and fears that her world will turn gray should she submit to the procedure. In this powerful and beautifully written novel, Lauren Oliver, the bestselling author of Before I Fall, throws readers into a tightly controlled society where options don’t exist, and shows not only the lengths one will go for a chance at freedom, but also the true meaning of sacrifice. --Jessica Schein
- Goodreads Summaries of Delirium (Delirium #1)

Note: A critically acclaimed series mainly for a young adult audience, but is recommendable to all fans of dystopian societies. Includes the original three books (Delirium, Pandemonium & Requiem) plus the three short stories in between giving some more depth and backstory to the characters (Annabel, Hana & Raven). A very interesting trilogy and should be on everybody's "to-read" list. Happy reading!

[A More Personal] Note: This is my hundredth upload! Today I can truly mark myself as an ebook pirate, today I feel truly established, that I've made a difference in the lives of countless people! Thank you so much to all those that sent in requests, taken the time to message me and above all, supported me. Directly and indirectly, I owe you all! Thank you so much and expect great things! 

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Covers: Yes

Metadata: Yes

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!