Sexually BrokenSybian, brutal skull fucking turns Kelly Devine into a non-stop cumming zombie, porn star wrecked!  Kelly Divine  Matt Williams 

Mp4 Only


Welcome Kelly Divine to the pages of Sexually Broken. Kelly is one of porn's most popular names. With her big awesome phat booty, her huge tits, her tan, bodacious body and amazing sex drive, Kelly is the cream of the crop. Today, however, is not your normal porn shoot and Kelly discovers the true meaning of the word "Helpless".

 Kelly has a curse. After she cums once, her clit gets very sensitive and her body rejects the vibration. Once this happens her natural survival instincts kick in and her body jerks uncontrollably to get away from the sensitive feeling, it is just too much for the mind to handle. But today she will find no escape from the vibration. Today she is bound and stuck on the world's most powerful vibrator and Kelly is about to discover a whole new level of sexual hell: torment and pleasure combined to completely wreck her brain and turn her into a mindless, drooling, Screaming, cumming machine. 

Bound in a sexy "doggy Style" position with the sybian pressed and bound into place, Kelly dreads what is about to happen to her. We oil up her ass, tits and body, and tie her head back so she cannot move in any direction. We ramp up the vibrator and within seconds Kelly is moaning and cumming her brains out.

 This scene is about endurance, how many orgasms can we rip out of our helpless porn star before her brain can't handle anymore and shuts down? We don't make it easy for Kelly either. The hard cock attacks the back of her throat with reckless abandon. We push the cock all the way down her throat, farther then any cock has ever been down this throat! It's a fact! Verified by her own words. Deep throat spit drips from her mouth as she can't even swallow anymore. She cums the hardest when the cock is the deepest down her throat. 

Her pleas for mercy fall on deaf ears, and she cums. We skull fuck her deep and hard and she cums. We sit back and watch and she cums. She doesn't want to cum, and she cums. We completely break the mind of our porn star with orgasms. Call it what you will, Cum Drunk, Sub-space, whatever, Kelly is a mindless, screaming, cock sucking, cumming zombie in survival mode. 

To date, Kelly describes this scene as the most intense Sexual experience of her life. She has never cum that hard or often, and has never been so physically and mentally helpless, ever...

Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/03_01kdivine3/SexuallyBroken-Kelly-Divine-Matt-Williams-Sybian-brutal-skull-fucking-turns-Kelly-Devine-into-a-non-stop-cumming-zombie-porn-star-wrecked.php


10 000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

