Open Blu-ray ripper

Open Blu-ray ripper 2 is flexible and all-featured Blu-ray ripping software. It provides you the freedom to convert latest Blu-ray movies to a great variety of audio and video formats for enjoying on iPad, iPad 2, The new iPad, iPod, iPhone, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, Xbox 360, Zune, Mobile Phone, GPhone, Smart Phone, PMP, Pocket PC, PDA, etc. This powerful Blu-ray ripper enables you to convert 2D movies to 3D format, trim and crop your Blu-ray movies as you want. You can make a shortcut conversion with the Express interface, or customize your converted movies with the Expert interface. With this magical Blu-ray ripper, you can enjoy the fun of converting Blu-ray movies at ease!

Features:

Rips the latest Blu-ray movies to a large number of audio and video formats.
Supports a wide range of most popular multimedia devices including iPhone 5 and The new iPad.
Converts 2D to 3D movies and set the 3D features as Red/Cyan, Red/Green, Red/Blue, Blue/Yellow, Interleaved, etc.
Decrypts BD+ or AACS protected Blu-ray movies without any third party plug-in.
The GPU acceleration function makes the Blu-ray conversion much faster.
Trims your preferred clips from the video file.
Crops the unnecessary borders from the video screen.
Adds image and text watermarks into your target video file.
Adjusts the values of brightness, contrast, saturation and set the movie effect as gray, flip color, invert, aged film, etc.
Improved video quality
The brand-new Express interface enables you to convert Blu-ray movies with just one click, and the Expert interface enables you to customize the converted movies.
Plays back the converted movies directly after the conversion.
Locates the target file quickly after the conversion.
Supports to convert multiple chapters at one time and select your desired audio track and subtitle for each chapter.
Select to enable multi-streams when ripping to MKV.
Enable or disable subtitle when ripping.
Set the parameters of codec, bitrate, size, fps, aspect ratio, channel, volume, etc for the converted file.
Free technical support

System Requirements:

Minimum configuration:

Pentium-IV 1.0 GHz
512MB of RAM
20 GB free hard disk space (NTFS partition)
Windows XP
A Blu-ray disc drive

Recommended configuration:

Intel Core2 1.86GHz or a faster processor
2048MB of RAM
20 GB free hard disk space (NTFS partition)
Windows Vista, XP, 7
A Blu-ray disc drive
An NVIDIA video card (GeForce 8, 9, 100, 200, 400-series GPUs with a minimum of 256MB of local graphics memory.)

Homepage: http://www.opencloner.com/open-blu-ray-ripper.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
