Make the impossible possible with the new, more connected After Effects? CC. Get powerful new features like a Live 3D Pipeline that brings CINEMA 4D scenes in as layers ? without intermediate rendering. Share work directly from within the application and get access to new features the moment they're released. Your entire creative world, together in one place.

Live 3D Pipeline
Objects and scenes from popular 3D modeling and animation software CINEMA 4D can be used directly as footage inside After Effects CC without rendering first. This eases roundtripping between the programs and opens up numerous creative possibilities.

Refine Edge tool
It's the end of hard matte lines. Keep the details when separating complicated foreground elements like frizzy hair or motion-blurred edges from complex backgrounds. This means you can create natural-looking composites without keying specially shot footage.

Warp Stabilizer VFX
A major upgrade to the much-loved Warp Stabilizer, VFX adds the ability to choose which objects within a scene get stabilized, reverse a stabilization, and preserve a scene?s original scale to fix tricky shots such as aerial fly-throughs.

3D Camera Tracker
The 3D Camera Tracker makes it possible to reproduce the original camera movement in a scene so you can add new layers ? including video and text layers. It also now features much-requested Track Optimization, so you can refine tracking points over time.

Global Performance Cache
Create more in less time, even in high-resolution projects. With Global Performance Cache, your previews are saved and ready when you are, even if you close a project and open it later. Duplicate compositions and undo edits without waiting for After Effects to catch up.

Optimized and accelerated
Inspiration doesn't like to wait. That's why After Effects crunches pixels using multiple processors and has improved support for NVIDIA GPUs. It's a full 64-bit application that uses all the RAM your OS allows, for caches and to render multiple frames simultaneously.




System requirements

Windows
Intel? Core?2 Duo or AMD Phenom? II processor; 64-bit support required
Microsoft? Windows? 7 with Service Pack 1 (64 bit), Windows 8, or Windows 8 Pro
4GB of RAM (8GB recommended)
5GB of available hard-disk space; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on removable flash storage devices)
Additional disk space for disk cache (10GB recommended)
1280x900 display
OpenGL 2.0?capable system
QuickTime 7.6.6 software required for QuickTime features
Optional: Adobe-certified GPU card for GPU-accelerated ray-traced 3D renderer
Internet connection and registration are necessary for required software activation, membership validation, and access to online services.*
