I tend to obsess on one thing when I could get a lot more done if I could set things aside and move on. As an example, I'd prefer to ONLY upload complete runs of comic books. When this proves to be impossible I spend inordinately ridiculous amounts of time searching, re-searching, scanning, buying, scanning and searching some more trying to find them. I've put more hours than I care to mention into trying to complete some of these runs and it's just not happening. I'm going to upload them so I can put them out of my mind, first of all, but also in hopes that maybe somebody out there can upload the missing issues for all of us to share.

Anyway, here ya go. Approximately 1700 pages of various comic book anthologies.

24 Hour Comics People - A Comic Anthology 2007
Squid Works Comics, 2007, 605 pages
The contents of the book are a product of the 4th Annual Denver 24 Hour Comics Challenge. There are six of these books now, find out about them and the many other great books Squid Works publishes at http://www.squidworks.com/anthologies.html

Albedo 2, 3 and 11
Thoughts and Images, 1983-1989, 32-38 pages
There was 14 issues of this anthology in total. Issue two is the first appearance of Usagi Yojimbo. Stan Saki, Lela Dowling, Steve Gallacci

Blab! 14
Fantagraphics Books, 2003, 124 pages
Eighteen issues of Blab! were published between 1988 and 2007, first by Kitchen Sink Press, then by Fantagraphics Books. Renamed Blab World, itΓÇÖs now published by Last Gasp. I have several more of these, but the first one I tried to scan started to fall apart (thick square bound book with glued pages ΓÇô they just popped out in sections). I want to keep them on the shelves, so until I find a better way to scan them this is all I have to upload. Some of the contributors to this volume include Spain Rodriquez, Monte Beauchamp, Peter Kuper and many, MANY more.

ComicsLit Magazine 1-3 and 9
NMB Publishing, 1995-1996, 36 pages each
There are 12 issues of this in total. Some of the contributors in the included issues are Bo Hampton, Scott Hampton, Peter Kuper, Rand Holmes and many more. 

Continued in the comments below...