A native of Texas, Marc Cameron has spent over twenty-five years in law enforcement, the last twenty with the federal government. His assignments have taken him from rural Alaska to Manhattan, from Canada to Mexico and points in between. A second degree black belt in jujitsu, he often teaches defensive tactics to other law enforcement agencies and civilian groups. Cameron presently lives in the Pacific Northwest with his wife and BMW motorcycle.

Jericho Quinn series:

National Security (#1): When Terrorism Goes Viral, One Man Goes Ballistic. They can strike anytime, anywhere. A public landmark. A suburban shopping mall. And now, the human body itself. Three Middle Eastern terrorists have been injected with a biological weapon, human time bombs unleashed on American soil. They are prepared to die. To spread their disease. To annihilate millions. If America hopes to fight this enemy from within, we need a new kind of weapon. Meet Special Agent Jericho Quinn. Air Force veteran. Champion boxer. Trained assassin. Hand-picked for a new global task force that, officially, does not exist, Quinn answers only to the Director of National Intelligence and the U.S. President himself. His methods are as simple, and as brutal, as his codename. The Hammer.

Act of Terror (#2): Warning: The next attack on American soil will come from within.

From coast to coast, our nation is witnessing a new wave of terror. Suicide bombers incite blind panic and paralyzing fear. A flight attendant tries to crash an airliner. A police officer opens fire on fans in a stadium. And at CIA headquarters, a Deputy Director goes on a murderous rampage. The perpetrators appear to be American--but they are covert agents in a vast network of terror, selected and trained for one purpose only: the complete annihilation of America.

Special Agent Jericho Quinn has seen the warning signs. As a classified "instrument" of the CIA reporting directly to the President, Quinn knows that these random acts of violence pose a clear and present danger. But Quinn may not be able to stop it. The search for terrorists has escalated into an all-out witch hunt. And somehow, Quinn's name is on the list. . .

State of Emergency (#3): Two agents, Russian and American, are brutally murdered. College students, working as drug mules, die gruesome deaths from radiation poisoning. Powerful dirty bombs explode minutes apart in San Francisco and St. Petersburg, Russia slaughtering citizens and spreading blind panic throughout the world. But this is only a warning. The next attack will be nuclear.

Enter Air Force OSI agent Jericho Quinn and his crack team of specialists. Their mission: track down the arms dealer who masterminded the plot and dismantle them both. When the trail leads to South America, Quinn has to join the famous Dakar Rally, a 6,000-mile motorcycle run that's about to become the most dangerous race in history...

Full Retail. Calibre and ePub Reader ready. Metadata is complete.