For the last four years, Doctor Who has had its main characters meet time-traveling archaeologist River Song at various points in her own lifetime.  This fan edit rearranges all these events in the order she experienced them, using all of her appearances from the 2008 episode Silence in the Library up to the 2012 episode The Angels Take Manhattan.

This means that the main characters of the Doctor and his companions are now appearing out of their own chronological order, so subtitles have been added each time they appear to identify where they are in their own lives, relative to their first appearance in the edit, at The Battle of Demon's Run.

These subtitles make a lot of assumptions about the amount of time that passes for characters between episodes, including a couple that are totally speculative, but should serve as useful guideposts if nothing else.  (They also count any synthetic being whose experiences a character shares and remembers AS that character.  Which happens more than once, on this show.)

As the complete edit runs over eight hours, it's been split into five parts:

Part 1 - Demon's Run to Demon's Run Redux
Part 2 - The Year of the Moon
Part 3 - The Pandorica
Part 4 - The Byzantium to Manhattan
Part 5 - Calderon Beta to The Library

Each part starts with River's first appearance in the story.  For later sequences where River is missing during events important to the plot, we follow the Doctor and his companions in their own chronological order until she reappears.

When past or future versions of River appear in the same era as the present River, they have been edited down as much as possible while still keeping the storyline of the edit coherent.

Opening titles and end credits have also been removed.

Keeping the edit as chronological as possible meant removing and rearranging a lot of flashforwards and flashbacks within any given episode, including in sequences River isn't involved in.  This especially makes Part 3 a very different viewing experience from its televised version.  The only flashback left in place was the very long, narrated one in Part 1, since it also fit in the chronology as a story the Doctor is telling at that point.

Aside from a few shots removed to improve transitions, the only footage of River herself missing from this edit is the Dorium Maldovar/Vortex Manipulator scene from The Pandorica Opens.  This does mean that the edit is only 99% of River's experiences shown on the series so far, but I wasn't going for an Absolutely Complete chronology so much as a coherent one.  With that in mind, including a scene which establishes one more character living out of order with River, basically for the sake of raising a question that never gets answered ('Why does River need a new Vortex Manipulator?') seemed like a mistake.

On that note, in Part 5, one major event in River's life is referred to that couldn't be included in the edit, simply because it hasn't been shown on the TV series yet.

Finally, as a secondary objective, I tried to make the edit make sense for anyone who wasn't familiar with the characters and situations of the past few seasons of Doctor Who.  This meant adding brief shots to help clarify events that main characters refer to but don't explain.  (The best example of this is the phrase 'fish fingers and custard.'  If you know what it means, it's kind of touching.  If you don't... it's the phrase 'fish fingers and custard.')  I don't know how well the secondary objective was met, so if anyone ever does end up seeing this version first, I'd love to know. 

Screens:
 
http://imageshack.us/a/img607/1018/1m16s69.png
 
http://imageshack.us/a/img841/1821/2m39s198.png
 
http://imageshack.us/a/img713/7669/3m31s242.png
 
http://imageshack.us/a/img855/577/4m16s84.png