
Release: The Outrage [Paul Newman] (1964) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Outrage
Title in Brazil: Quatro Confissões
Uploader: labok
Size: 699 MB
Genre: Western / Drama
Format: AVI
Language: English
Runtime: 96 mins
Resolução: 576 x 266
Video Codec: XVID  
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: MP3   
Taxa de Biltrate: 96 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 6,2 (awaiting 1.009 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058437/
Directed By: Martin Ritt

Starring:  

Paul Newman ... Juan Carrasco 
Laurence Harvey ... Husband 
Claire Bloom ... Wife 
Edward G. Robinson ... Con Man 
William Shatner ... Preacher 
Howard Da Silva ... Prospector 
Albert Salmi ... Sheriff 

Synopis:

Three disparate travelers, a disillusioned preacher, an unsuccessful prospector, and a larcenous, cynical con man, meet at a decrepit railroad station in the 1870s Southwest. The prospector and the preacher were witnesses at the singularly memorable rape and murder trial of the notorious Mexican outlaw Carasco. The bandit duped an aristocratic Southerner into believing he knew the location of a lost Aztec treasure. The greedy "gentleman" allows himself to be tied up while Carasco deflowers his wife. These events lead to the stabbing of the husband and are related by the three eyewitnesses to the atrocity: the infamous bandit, the newlywed wife, and the dead man through an Indian shaman. Whose version of the events is true? Possibly there was a fourth witness, but can his version be trusted? 
       
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
Um trapaceiro (Edward G. Robinson), um padre (William Shatner) e um mineirador (Howard da Silva) esperam, em uma estação em ruínas, a chegada do trem. Enquanto não chega, o trapaceiro ouve os outros dois conversarem sobre um recente julgamento, no qual um conhecido bandoleiro, Juan Carrasco (Paul Newman), foi julgado por assassinato. Seria apenas outro julgamento no qual o réu confessou, mas outros três depoimentos negavam a culpa de Juan. Cada confissão, inclusive da vítima, que fala através de um indígena com poderes mediúnicos, narra uma "verdade" e cada uma delas é mostrada em flashback.

