Wikipedia:
The Strokes are an American rock band from New York City, consisting of Julian Casablancas (lead vocals), Nick Valensi (guitar, backing vocals), Albert Hammond, Jr. (guitar, backing vocals), Nikolai Fraiture (bass guitar) and Fabrizio Moretti (drums, percussion).
Upon the release of their debut album Is This It in 2001, the group met wide critical acclaim. Since then, the band has maintained a fan base in New York City and elsewhere in the United States, the United Kingdom, Argentina, Ireland, Canada, France, Brazil and Australia. A number of members have embarked on a variety of side projects, though they regrouped for a fifth album, entitled Comedown Machine, released on March 26, 2013. They are one of the many indie-rock bands to hail from the US at the dawn of the 21st century and helped augment the garage rock revival movement. Their debut album, Is This It, was ranked number 199 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.


 Review:
That goes a long way towards making Comedown Machine more immediately appealing than their last two records; the Strokes sound like they’re genuinely trying here. The functional cover art of Comedown Machine suggests some kind of mixtape the Strokes made for themselves, 11 songs that turn out like 11 different genre experiments viewed through the unmistakable prism of their inhuman rhythmic precision and pinched EQ’ing. There are a couple of Is This It? throwbacks (“All The Time,” “50/50”) that turn out to be among the least satisfying things here, too flabby to fit into those same jeans from a decade prior. Otherwise, you get elastic funk (“Tap Out”), dubby dream-pop (“80s Comedown Machine”), unidentifiable Latin-tinged Casio presets (“One Way Trigger”) and plenty of soft-rock sheen that creates an ouroboros effect of the Strokes sounding like Phoenix when they were trying to sound like the Strokes.
By Ian Cohen Full Review at http://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/17788-the-strokes-comedown-machine/


Country: USA
Genre: Indie rock
Quality: FLAC/tracks+.cue (lossless)

Tracklist:
01. Tap Out
02. All the Time
03. One Way Trigger
04. Welcome to Japan
05. 80?s Comedown Machine
06. 50/50
07. Slow Animals
08. Partners In Crime
09. Chances
10. Happy Endings
11. Call It Fate, Call It Karma
