Moxy - Ridin' High [1977]





01 Nothing Comes Easy
02 Rock Baby
03 Sweet Reputation [Symphony For Margaret]
04 I'll Set You On Fire
05 Riding High
06 Young Legs
07 Another Time Another Place
08 Are You Ready
09 Nothing Comes Easy [Reprise]





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:



Moxy was a Canadian hard rock and heavy metal band, formed in Toronto, Ontario, in 1974, from previous members of the rock group Leigh Ashford ΓÇö which included singer Douglas "Buzz" Shearman (former teen singer of Sherman & Peabody) alongside Greg Godovitz of Fludd & Goddo and Gil Moore (later of Triumph), Earl Johnson (former member of King Biscuit Boy), Bill Wade (former member of Outlaw Music and Brutus under the alias Hally Hunter that also included Gino Scarpelli of Goddo) and Terry Juric, (former member of Outlaw Music) as Leigh Ashford. The group changed its name to Moxy in late 1974. This name change was accompanied by a change in the group's sound. Buddy Caine a former band mate of Earl Johnson was added to the group in 1975.

Moxy toured extensively in Canada before having a hit in late 1975 with "Can't You See I'm A Star". Moxy then toured the United States on the strength of their radio airplay. Markets in which the band was very popular included Ontario, Chicago, St. Louis, Detroit and San Antonio. Joe Anthony, the Godfather of Rock in San Antonio on KISS-FM was largely responsible for the popularity of the band in south Texas and helped bring about their first headline appearance in the U.S in 1977, appearing with AC/DC as their opening act.[unreliable source?]

Despite the death of Joe Anthony, the Moxy/Texas connection has continued into the present with Moxy's hits like "Can't You See I'm A Star", "Moon Rider", "Sail On Sail Away". "Midnight Flight", "I'll Set You on Fire" and "Are You Ready" still on the daily rotation at many Texas radio stations.

Many of the guitar solos on the band's debut album were performed by guest session musician Tommy Bolin, who had previously been the lead guitarist for The James Gang and later replaced Ritchie Blackmore in Deep Purple.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ridin' High is the third album by the Canadian hard rock band Moxy, released in 1977. The record got good reviews and got the band nominated for a Juno Award (Canada's Grammy) in 1977 for Most Promising Group of the Year. The album produced two Texas hit songs "Are You Ready", and "Ridin' High", as for Canada the album was considered too hard/heavy for Canadian radio at the time and consequently only the slowest paced song "Another Time Another Place" received any airplay in the band's home country. The album still sold well in Canada and especially in Southern USA because of strong live appearances that included shows with AC/DC and Trooper.

In the words of Earl Johnson "I remember going in doing radio interviews and Ridin High was the single and they would put it on and all the needles would just go tilt over right into the red and the station engineer would be freaking out. And I'm going, we're not going to get any airplay with this. I just knew it. And you know, we were a concert act".
