ripped from LP 2002 -- freqazoidiac@gmail.com

LOSSLESS LPCD - .aiff files - rip to CD for playback in any CD player or computer

Henryk DEBICH - 
     "String Beat"  

   Polish Radio and TV Łodz Orchestra.  conducted by    Henryk DEBICH


From original LP 1975
bonus track from interliudija-V Ganelinas-LIETUVISKA ESTRADA


 WYDANIE : POLSKIE NAGRANIA MUZA SX1276 ( Stereo )   01-na opak.aif
02-bez metalu.aif
03-gry.aif
04-oscypka.aif
05-standard in b.aif
06-theme from shaft.aif
07-opadajacy wldnokrag.aif
08-kameleon.aif
09-obladi oblada.aif
10-badz wieczorem w dyskotece.aif

BONUS TRACK 
11-interliudija-V Ganelinas-LIETUVISKA ESTRADA




info below from reissue - 

One of the most legendary and eagerly sought after treasures of Polish jazz funk is about to see the light of day again. First issued in 1975, Henryk Debich’s STRING BEAT is to be released on vinyl by the Hamburg label BUREAU B, thanks to a friendly tip-off by Roskow Kretschmann of Jazzanova, an expert on jazz and groove obscurities. The vinyl was mastered from the original tapes belonging to the Polish Muza label (catalogue number SX 1276).
It is no great secret amongst afficionados that an awful lot of excellent jazz music has come out of Poland - and still does. A particularly fruitful period for the Polish scene was the mid-seventies and Debich’s STRING BEAT is the pinnacle of that era. Funk and jazz connoisseurs have long since fallen in love with it, so to call it a hidden gem does not quite do it justice.
What does remain a mystery, however, is what on earth prompted the established director and arranger Henryk Debich, with no previous as a funkateer, to create this jazz funk monster together with the Lodz Radio Orchestra in 1975. All the more mysterious, as this appears to have been an isolated incident. He never returned to such musical territory before he died in his hometown of Lodz in 2001, sadly depriving us of the opportunity to ask him in person. Perhaps he was inspired by the MPS label from the Black Forest, where many of his Eastern European colleagues had displayed their expertise as jazz musicians.
Even the author of the original liner notes, Andrzej Jaroszewski, found it hard to contain his boundless amazement: “We have never before heard such an orchestra playing in such a style. (...) If you bought this record of Henryk Debich’s orchestra through choice, you are a connaisseur, if by chance, you are a lucky fellow!”
His enthusiasm is easy to fathom: razor sharp horns, a surgically precise rhythm section and crystal clear arrangements – back then, as now, one would have to search far and wide to find a similar sound in the supposedly further advanced western world. Only the dubious version of “Obladi – Oblada” interrupts the flow a little ...


LPCD is the acronym and merging of to effective technologies
to accomplish two things foremost.
1. To share a standardized format (this  is important because every
computer comes shipped with a Disc Burner capable of burning CDs direct to Disc)
2. For consideration of sufficient quality higher than that of MP3 with ability to have excellent dynamic range
which is the quality that LPs lend as they have the closest frequency response to the
Master tapes as any format.
In many studies the majority of people cannot tell the difference of a 
properly mastered CD and an LP, so this is why CD is perfect for online sharing.

I use a custom proprietary system to extract as much information from the grooves
as I can, along with using Archival Quality Audio gear to digital format with
software tools such as Spark XL, Wave Editor, ClickRepair

is digitized audio files from original LP vinyl pressings - 
and then package of .aiff files you can drag and drop to master to CD format without
any reconversion)



Technics 1200mkII
AudioTechnica 150series MM cartridge 
mackie u.420d firewire 24/96 mixer
Powerpc dual 1ghz 
OSX 10.5.8
TC Spark XL
