Artist: Trader Horne
Release: Morning Way
Discogs: 3026372
Released: 1970 / 2000
Label: Dawn Records / Castle Music
Catalog#: DNLS 3004 / CMRCD074
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD, Reissue
Country: UK
Style: Rock, Folk Rock, Prog Rock

Trader Horne were a folk duo whose music, for an all too brief moment in time, captured something of the passing of an era. Sadly, their one album, Morning Way, which was released in 1970, slipped by largely unnoticed seemingly lost within the rich musical scene of the time.

It has subsequently become a sought after collector's piece and has now been lovingly re-released by Esoteric Records.

For many the passing of the sixties signalled the end of a period that had promised so much. The hopes, dreams, and world changing ideals of the time were somehow locked within, and have become forever associated with that decade. The sixties had seen advances in social change, and of course, the world of music like no other decade. In truth, however, it had been a bitter sweet ride.

Music had broken out of your parents record player and become a social movement. Music was suddenly in colour as we began to realize its potential power. Pirate radio blew apart the old-school programming of the past. Record labels sprang up to release some exciting and revolutionary sounds to a waiting generation. The times had indeed a-changed.

In fact, the so called 'summer Of love' of ΓÇÖ67 can be traced back a lot further than those few spectacular yet brief months. No wonder people wanted to hold on to the memory.

Tragically, it was also the decade that saw continuing war, assassinations, and ended with student riots. As much as we remember Woodstock, which in many ways seemed to capture the whole vibe of a generation, the decade ended at Altamont and the infamous violence of the Stones free gig there. In many ways it seemed to be the symbolic end to the hippy dream.

As the seventies loomed many feared what they would bring. It was a strange time for the world of music and the inevitable break-up of The Beatles at the very point that the seventies arrived seemed to confirm the end of an era.This was the scene that the short lived Trader Horne was created within.

Londoner Judy Dyble had come to notice as the original vocalist with the now legendary Fairport Convention. She left in 1968, along with her partner at the time, Ian McDonald, after appearing on their debut album. Together they became part of Giles, Giles, and Fripp, who would eventually morph into King Crimson.
 
http://dickthespic.org/