The 1949 volume in the Bear Family's Dim Lights, Thick Smoke series is one of the strongest. Country music became a true hotbed of activity as the '40s ended, with labels both major and independent recording and manufacturing titles in record numbers. The music on this 28-track set offers a small example of the wealth that was flooding jukeboxes, small independent radio stations, and even ending up in record shops across the nation. Some of the selections here, such as Ghost Riders in the Sky by Vaughn Monroe, and Hank Williams' Lovesick Blues are equaled by those of Leon McAuliffe's Panhandle Rag, Bill Nettles' Hadacol Boogie, and Johnnie & Jack's What About You. Leon Payne's brilliant,. I Love You Because, and Tennessee Ernie Ford's Mule Train are here as well. None of these cuts are necessarily rare, but placed in sequence like this makes for an amazing mix reproduced in almost uniformly excellent sound quality. Highly recommended. 
(Thom Jurek)

- - -

VA - Dim Lights, Thick Smoke And Hillbilly Music 1949
(Bear Family Records 2008)


     1. Riders In the Sky - Vaughn Monroe & His Orchestra
     2. Room Full of Roses - Sons of the Pioneers
     3. I Wish I Had a Nickel - Jimmy Wakely
     4. Lovesick Blues - Hank Williams & the Drifting Cowboys
     5. Then I Turned and Walked Slowly Away - Eddy Arnold
     6. Take an Old Cold Tater (and Wait) - Little Jimmy Dickens
     7. Blues Stay Away From Me - The Delmore Brothers
     8. Don't Be Ashamed of Your Age - Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys
     9. Candy Kisses - George Morgan
    10. Panhandle Rag - Leon Mcauliffe & His Western Swing Band
    11. Slippin' Around - Floyd Tillman
    12. Bonaparte's Retreat - Pee Wee King & His Golden West Cowboys
    13. Hadacol Boogie - Bill Nettles & His Dixie Blue Boys
    14. I Love You Because - Leon Payne
    15. Whoa Sailor - Hank Thompson & His Brazos Valley Boys
    16. Let's Say Goodbye Like We Said Hello - Ernest Tubb
    17. Why Don't You Haul Off and Love Me - Wayne Raney
    18. Will You Be Satisfied That Way - Jimmie Skinner
    19. Old Cross Road, The - Bill Monroe & His Bluegrass Boys
    20. What About You - Johnnie & Jack and the Tennessee Mountain Boys
    21. White Dove, The - Ralph Stanley & the Clinch Mountain Boys
    22. Philadelphia Lawyer - The Maddox Brothers & Rose
    23. This Cold War With You - Floyd Tillman
    24. My Bucket's Got a Hole In It - T. Texas Tyler
    25. I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry - Hank Williams & the Drifting Cowboys
    26. Warm Red Wine - Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys
    27. I'm Throwing Rice - Eddy Arnold & His Tennessee Plowboys
    28. Mule Train - Tennessee Ernie Ford
