A ruthless dictator has seized power on the island state of Arulco. The ousted former President has asked you to hire the best mercenaries in the world to fight to restore him as the rightful leader of his country.

Assemble powerful teams of mercenaries and recapture the island sector by sector. Join forces with the local rebels and train and arm them. Exploit resources in the occupied areas to acquire the financial means to purchase supplies of weapons and equipment and to hire new mercs. Coordinate the various teams on the strategic map before plunging headlong into battle to win back the country.

KEY FEATURES

The Jagged Alliance series achieved numerous awards and is considered to date as milestone in the genre of real time strategy
Unrivaled mix of combat (tactics), roleplay, business and strategy
Innovative ΓÇ£Plan & GoΓÇ¥ combat system combines RTS gameplay with turn-based elements
Liberate a fictitious island from a dictator
Realistic war setting with authentic-looking firearms
Laptop/computer menu as a central anchor point for the player
Assemble your own unit of mercenaries from over 60 unique mercenaries
Simultaneous control of multiple squads using a strategic map
Every mercenary has a detailed set of likes, dislikes, strengths and weaknesses
Convincing characters who interact with and comment on the game events
All the dialog has audio
Train your mercenaries to improve their effectiveness
Acquire resources by capturing mines and encampments

Have pre-patched game to 1.13b and contains both DLC: Shades of Red and Point Blank.

INSTALLATION (Hopefully retard-proof..)

1. Unzip
2. Within the Jagged Alliance - Back in Action folder you just unzipped, double-click either Jagged Alliance - BiA (Nvidia) or (ATI) depending on your macs graphics card (Intel HD graphics choose Nvidia).
3. Select "Install Software"
4. Select "Move a Folder Inside"
5. Navigate to the Jagged Alliance - Back in Action folder
6. Click ONCE on Kalypso folder
7. Click the "Choose" button
8. When it asks for the executable choose "/Program Files/Kalypso/Jagged Alliance - Back in Action/JaggedAllianceBIA.exe" (important otherwise you cant change settings)
9. You should be back at the install menu again, click the "Quit" button
10. Now drag/move the Jagged Alliance - BiA app to "Applications" (only the one that you chose previously, not both)
11. Double-click the Jagged Alliance app (within Applications)

SETTINGS (Important!)

Before the game loads you are prompted to choose graphics settings. I recommend 1280x800 with Multisample/V-Sync off and Filtering at 1x. If you have the latest mac (with decent graphics) feel free to set it at your native resolution. It's important to make sure you set refresh to 60hz. Now click "Start game" and enjoy! 

If you enjoy this game please seed so others can too.