[img]http://lookpic.com/O/i2/1356/t4B1tbI.jpeg[/img]

Language: English 
Duration: 5 hours
Video: AVC 960x720 25 fps
Audio: AAC 64 Kbps 44.1 KHz
Size: 506 MB
URL: http://www.infiniteskills.com/training/learning-ruby.html

Description:
In this Ruby training course, expert author Mike McMillan teaches you the fundamentals of the Ruby programming language. Ruby was designed to be more powerful that Perl, and more object-oriented than Python, and has gained in popularity due to its power and ease of use. Mike will show you the basic functions and features of Ruby, and how to put them together to create powerful programs.

You will start with lessons for installing Ruby on either your Mac or PC, and how to run simple programs. This Ruby training video is designed for the absolute beginner, and no prior programming experience is necessary. Some of the topics Mike covers in this video training are; working with data and variables, operators and expressions, decision making (if and case statements), loops, methods and functions and object-oriented programming. You will also learn about exception handling, reading and writing files, and working with the Ruby debugger.

In completing this computer based training course for Ruby programming, you will have a solid foundation to allow you to start creating programs using Ruby. From this starting point, you can move on to work with Ruby on Rails, or continue to hand-code your Ruby programs, but either way you will have a strong understanding of the fundamentals of the Ruby programming language. Working files are included for both courses, allowing you to follow along with the author throughout the lessons.

Lessons:
01. Introduction
02. Getting Started With Ruby
03. Data And Variables
04. Operators And Expressions
05. Decisions
06. Repetition
07. Methods
08. Classes And Objects
09. Inheritance
10. Modules
11. Exception Handling
12. Input And Output
13. Debugging Ruby
14. GUI Programming In Ruby
15. Wrap-Up