Here is the new release of Movavi Video Suite SE. Well, remember to read some additional information inside.. Video making program for your movies!

Create films like a pro – using a multi-track timeline and video montage tools. Split, crop, join, rotate your video clips, add a little Hollywood with 26 special effects and 20 creative transitions. Transport yourself to Miami Beach in a home video with the new Chroma Key effect! Create stunning slideshows with the new StoryBoard interface. Record an original voiceover track while playing your video.

Convert 2D/3D movies, music, & DVD
Don’t let format incompatibility stand between you and the films you want to watch. Transfer video, audio and DVD footage between more than 180 media formats*. Save 2D movies in 3D format and configure settings for many types of 3D glasses. Speed things up with the Watch Folder, as it automates conversion of new media files on your computer without even moving a finger.

Record screen, online video, and gameplays
Record live video and everything happening on your computer screen: Windows interface, PC video games, online video clips, and live streams. Create video tutorials and demos by adding captions and the voiceover to the screencast. Record at full screen or just a selected screen area. Adjust recording settings and save captured footage in any format.

Capture webcam, HD camera footage, TV, and VHS
Capture video from DV, HD, and HDV cameras as well as TV-tuners. Save MPEG2-TS and AVCHD video from camcorders to PC. Revive your old movie collection stored on VHS cassettes. Capture webcam video to create video messages – and share them on your social networking account right away.

View & burn DVD / Blu-ray on Windows 8. Share video online
No default application for playing DVDs and burning discs in your brand new Windows 8? With Movavi Video Suite you can easily playback and burn CD, DVD, and Blu-ray discs with Hollywood-style menus. Want to export video online? Use a built-in feature for easy uploading clips toYouTube, Vimeo, or Amazon S3. Create HTML-code to embed video to your website automatically.

Play everywhere – save movies for mobile devices
To watch your movies on the go save them for 200+ portable devices including the newest models: Apple iPad® 3 and iPhone® 5, Samsung® Galaxy S III, Sony PSP™, BlackBerry™, Nokia™, HTC™ One X and more. Thanks to predefined settings specific to each device, files will perform and display perfectly on your mobile phone or tablet.

Make video fast – up to 800% faster
Optimization for NVIDIA® CUDA™ results in 8x gain in video processing speed on PCs with CUDA-enabled graphics card and 10x gain on PCs with multiple GPUs. Moreover, Movavi Video Suite ensures significant performance gain – up to 400% – on multi-core processors due to Movavi's Turbo technology offering efficient parallel task processing and advanced decoding technology.




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To know , learn and get all things come and join here LOTS AND LOTS OF GREAT THINGS ARE HERE                                                                                         
https://forum.suprbay.org

For reporting bad or suspicious                                                   torrents                                                                                                                                                                
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1700+ torrents                                                                                                                                                                                    
http://thepiratebay.se/user/Anacondaz/

			
credit to the original creator encoder 			

