The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau - Collection Two

Nature Documentary hosted by Rod Serling and Joseph Campanella, published by A&E in 1991 - English narration


Information
------------------------------

Between the years of 1966-1976, millions of viewers were held spellbound as audiences around the world would regularly tune in to see what new aquatic wonders had been captured on film by Jacques Cousteau and the crew of his ship, Calypso, on their decade-long adventure around the world. It was a truly pioneering programme that brought the hidden wonders of the world's oceans into their living rooms for the first time.

A pioneer of marine biology as well as the technology involved in underwater exploration, Jacques Cousteau's work is a colourful, revealing window onto a world that few of us will ever see first-hand. This comprehensive 36-episode series follows the crew as they study life in every corner of the globe: from sharks in the Red Sea to penguins in Antarctica, from coral reefs to hippos, octopus to sea otters. Taking time to study the intimate behavior of a wide spectrum of animals in their natural environment, each new variety of marine life they encounter is approached with the same passion, deep interest and respect. A tough mission it may be, but whether they are swimming with whales or diving for sunken treasure, life on board Calypso is never dull.


The creators of the first underwater nature documentaries ever filmed, Cousteau and his crew wrote the rules as they went along. If they saw a creature struggling or suffering in the wild, they would be just as likely to intervene and lend a hand as to document the harsh realities of the natural world. Profoundly respectful of nature but never sentimental, the crew of Calypso and their amazing adventures reveal almost as much about the depths of human compassion as they do the depths of our verdant oceans.

This landmark natural history title can now be viewed in its entirety, after the 2011 DVD release. 

Directed by Philippe Cousteau & Jack Watson
Produced by Philippe Cousteau & Jack Kaufman 
Executive Producers : Jacques- Yves Cousteau , Alan Landsburg and Marshall Flaum
Narrated by Rod Serling, Joseph Campanella and Jacques- Yves Cousteau
Series Cinematography by Michel Deloire , Philippe Cousteau and Yves Omer

1991 The Cousteau Croup, Inc.




13)  The Coral Divers of Corsica 
The Calypso travels to the Mediterranean to study the forests of red coral off the coast of Corsica, harvested by divers who must descend to extremely dangerous depths. The team follows one ot the most successful coral divers in the area, and meets a coral tycoon in Naples.




Technical Specs
------------------------------

Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2138 kbps
Video Resolution: 704x536
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.313:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 48:43.400
Number Of Parts: 19
Part Size: 815 MB
Ripped by: DocFreak08


