www.andra.co.za


It is impossible to be untouched by the environmental influences that surround you when you grow up in a space that has been referred to as "the land God made in anger". ANDRA grew up in Swakopmund - a small town squashed between the cold Atlantic Ocean and the mystic Namib Desert. Along with the inspiration from stories told about the shipwrecks of the Skeleton Coast, the folklore attached to the land and story-triggers she observed and encountered at the coffee shop where she worked, it is clearly evident that these elements are echoed in her songwriting.

ANDRA moved to Pretoria, South Africa in 2007 and soon teamed up with producer Ludwig Bouwer. "Secrets and Skeletons… Notes from a Desert Café" was released towards the end of 2007 - an album drawing immense attention not only in South Africa but also from music critics around the world mainly for its honesty, individualism and sincerity of the music and lyrics. The album's release was followed by several nationwide South African tours, a sold-out tour of Namibia and performances at major Southern African festivals such as Up the Creek, InniBos, Splashy Fen, the White Mountain Folk Festival, STRAB (The Subterranean Rhythm & Blues Festival), Aardklop and Oppikoppi.

Whilst in the middle of a busy touring schedule, ANDRA returned to the studio in March 2009 – again with producer Ludwig Bouwer. Six months later saw her complete her much awaited second album "Ever had that feeling". With this album she crossed all boundaries. Alternative folk-styled tracks like "Horse at the Water", the heart wrenching "I'm not ready" and the passionate "Broken Spanish" amongst others illustrate the depth and range of ANDRA's talent as a songwriter. She draws from the same well of honesty as Tom Waits and Leonard Cohen.

Though the album's release was initially scheduled for October 2009, the confirmation of ANDRA's first European tour during that time necessitated a later launch date. A 10-date sold-out tour of Belgium, Germany, Austria and France, supporting the platinum selling singer/songwriter Sarah Bettens (lead-singer of K's Choice) followed.

2010 saw ANDRA maintain a busy schedule with performances at various South African and Namibian festivals in addition to a week long tour of Belgium. It has also been a year that has seen her perform with a full band on a more regular basis. Producer Ludwig Bouwer (bass guitar and backing vocals) and Theuns Botha (drums) make up the rhythm section whilst Brenda Burnit (mandolin and backing vocals) joins them on occasion.

ANDRA is not influenced by her musical contemporaries and simply portrays the vision and integrity of each song in the way she was inspired to do. "I'm just telling stories, attaching sounds" she states.