This is a fully working version.
If you like it then leave a comment and seed longer.......Thank You

                          ** By Toorentz **

About this app:

Updated:
    February 22, 2013

Current Version:
    1.19.1

Requires Android:
    2.2 and up

Category:
    Personalizatio

description:

Designed by GO Dev Team, ΓÇÿNext Launcher 3DΓÇÖ shows how a 3-D and dynamic launcher could be possibly like -- Extend imagination, extend capabilities. Wish you enjoy this app and have a wonderful holiday!

Features:
1. Various operation for icons: icons support rotation, reset, select, align and so on. Operation is easy and fantastic.
2 .Unlimited screen layout: placing icons or widgets randomly which forms your own home screen.
3. Stereoscopic screen preview: lots of screen display effects, dazzling animation of screen switching about adding or deleting screen.
4. Quick screen management: adding different kinds of elements in screen edit including application icons, folders and widgets. ItΓÇÖll support changing wallpapers and themes soon.
5. Rotatable dock: inverting upward or downward the Dock can quickly switch among home screen, screen edit and screen preview.
6. Powerful app drawer: icons can be arranged by names or by time, and folders can be created by overlaying icons. Batch mode and operation of adding apps to screen are also available.
7. Beautiful scrolling effects: a variety of app drawer scrolling effects that provide a distinctive screen switching experience.
8. Fancy 3D widgets: 3D widgets that are based on Next Launcher are coming soon!

Tips:
1.Please make sure your device has installed Google Play.
2.Phone performance:Android 2.3.3 and up; Dual-core models is better.
3. Suggestion:Watch the video of Next Launcher first, to know about the cool operation of the product.

What's in this version:
v1.19.1
1.(Fix) Some FC bugs
v1.19
1.(New) Lock screen edit
2.(Improve) Next widgets and Next live wallpapers update prompt
3.(Fix) Some FC bugs

playstore Link: 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gtp.nextlauncher

If you have any other request then tell me here: 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=330582

TPB URL: 
https://thepiratebay.se/user/toorentz

