Audio Hijack Pro 2.10.7 + Crack.

Record any audio - three simple words to explain Audio Hijack Pro. Record from applications like iTunes, Skype or DVD Player. Record from microphones, Radiosharks and other hardware. If you hear it, you can record it.

Audio Hijack Pro 2.10.7 
Released April 11, 2013 
For Mac OS X 10.6.0 - 10.8.3

NEWEST Features

Browser Hijacking Is a Snap
Audio Hijack Pro's latest update makes grabbing audio from Safari, Chrome, and Firefox a snap!
WAV Audio Recording
In addition to MP3, AAC, Apple Lossless, and AIFF, Audio Hijack Pro can now record to WAV.

Recording Any Audio

VoIP Recording
A one-click call recorder for Skype or iChat? Yup!

Create Great Podcasts
Record microphones, Skype, iTunes and more into 1 file.

Record AM/FM Radio Too
Recording support for Griffin's RadioShark.

Record All Audio
Record all audio to one file with System Audio.

Digitize Your Analog
Bring tapes, vinyl records and more into iTunes.
 

Audio Device Recording
Pull from a mic, record player or any other audio device.

Pull It All In
Application Mixer pulls in audio from multiple apps.

Snack On Sound Bites
Pull audio from DVDs and other movie files.


Powerful Recording Options

Recording Options
Record to the MP3, AAC, Apple Lossless, or AIFF audio formats.

BulletProof Recording
Use MP3 or AIFF and never lose recordings due to a system crash.

Unlock Your Audio
Free yourself from the chains of restrictive audio formats and DRM.

Quick Recording
Start recording the foremost app with just one keystroke.

Metadata, Metacool
Tag all your recordings with ID3 tags for easy organization and searching.

The Sounds Of Silence
Remove audio, split or stop recordings when silence occurs.
Organize With The Recording Bin

Recording Bin
Easy file organization built right in.

Preview Recordings
Play back your recordings with a single click.

Easily Send To iTunes
Pass your recordings off to iTunes instantly.
 

Burn Audio CDs
CD Burning right from the Recording Bin.
 
Even More Features!

Fully AppleScriptable
Control and enhance Audio Hijack Pro with AppleScripts.

Wake Up!
Turn any application into an alarm clock with a Timer.

Audio Plugin Standards
Works with hundreds of VST and Audio Unit plugins. 
 

Powerful Audio Effects
Use over 50 built-in plugins to adjust audio.

Levels Of Level Meters
Precise level meters, VU meters, and even Menu Bar meters.

Check Your Disk Status
Use the Disk Status window to track disk space availability.