My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 9

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 2 - Mates

Outgoing Hobart friends Ali and Samuel are single by choice and love to get loud and have fun.

Ali, 28 and Samuel, 34, run in the same gang of people, who "are similar to us, big, outgoing personalities, very loud," as Samuel, whose nickname among them is 'Wack', says.

Adds Ali, "We're all really full on and out there but Samuel still manages to stand out among our friends. He's a big fella so he stands out. And he's lairy.

"We all just gravitated to each other because we're just really quirky, open-minded people. Our sense of humour is left of field and  we're willing to, for instance, get up and do the sprinkler en masse. We're more than willing to take the mickey out of ourselves and play the fool. It's harmless stuff, just to amuse ourselves."

Samuel, a public servant, and Ali, a teacher, both have a nine-to-five life that is high pressure. And personally, life hasn't always been lighthearted.

Ali just recently separated from her partner of 14 years, and husband of six. "That was our big decision, before we had kids. Being on your own for the first time, when you've been with someone since you were 13 is very painful. But it was all handled beautifully. And for the first time I know who I am."

Citing a tough relationship with his mother, Samuel's Nan taught him to cook. "One of my earliest memories of my nan cooking is her chicken and mushroom pasties," he says. "I'd go to see her and walk in and there'd be a fresh batch in the oven. I'd be up on the table watching her cook and she'd be showing me things. That started when I was seven or eight years old and as I got older she let me create my own stuff."

For Ali, the love of food came from travelling with her academic parents.

"We travelled all through Europe for months on end and Mum and Dad were really passionate about food. Eating snails in France is one of my earliest memories – Mum and Dad saying, ‘Just try it.'"

Ali and Samuel are content to cook with each other now, but both are waiting for 'the one' to share the kitchen with.
Says Samuel, "I'm 34 and a lot of close friends are engaged, married, have children, so the next girl I am with I will be looking for those things. The next one will be the one I have children with, the one  I retire with."

