p r e s e n t   t h e   3 0 k - c o l l e c t i o n

Coollector Movie Database v3.24.6 *CRACKED*

Cracked by....:  CORE              Release-Name..:  CR-B234B.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2013/04/09
Packaged......:  Bergelmir         Release-Type..:  Reference
Protection....:  DRM               OS............:  MacOSX
Crack/SN......:  Patch             Language......:  English
Rating........:  [You decide!]     Disks.........:  18


..: DESCRiPTiON :..

Coollector Movie Database is a personalized movie database and a
video collection manager, at the same time!

To begin with, the program includes a huge encyclopedia of more
than 100,000 movies and series. Because it's installed on your
computer, you can use it even when you're offline. The interface is
very easy to use. You can customize the layout to your liking, and
make almost any search you can think of.

Then, you'll start personalizing the database. You can rate all
the movies that you've seen, to remember whether they were good or
bad. You can maintain a wishlist with all the movies that you'd
like to watch. You can organize your video collection, remembering
what you own, where it's stored, and what you've loaned to whom.
You'll soon appreciate that the movie database is personalized.
Indeed, your owned movies are now highlighted, and colored icons
will instantly remind you of how much you like a movie or a
person.

As a movie lover, this will greatly help you when you have to pick
up a movie, when watching TV, or going to the theaters. Does the
movie have actors whom you like? Have you seen other movies from
this director? At first glance you'll have the answer! And to help
you even further in your choice, the program displays the IMDb
rating and popularity of each movie, and provides a link to the
trailers on Youtube.

If you're also a video collector, you'll easily list all the
movies that you own. You can even scan the video files on your hard
disk. They'll be added automatically, and you'll be able to play
them from the program. Finally, if you want to grow your collection
at the best price without missing a bargain, a database of existing
videos is also included, with prices updated daily.


..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..

Just install.


Thanks for choosing
(C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering!