R-STUDIO

R-STUDIO is a family of powerful, cost-effective disk recovery software. Originally developed by R-Tools Technology, Inc. for experienced data recovery professionals, R-Studio has been redesigned as a scalable, user-friendly all-in-one data recovery tool. By coupling our most advanced file recovery and disk repair technology with an intuitive user-interface, R-Studio provides enterprise and professional-level data recovery specialists the tools they need without hindering the experience of entry-level users.

R-Studio runs on Mac, Windows, and Linux * and can recover data from local disks, removable disks, heavily corrupted disks, unbootable disks, clients connected to a local area network or the Internet. As a highly scalable, flexible, and deployable data recovery solution, R-Studio is an invaluable tool for data recovery operations large and small.

No matter the platform of the host or client or the physical location of the disk, R-Studio can quickly and effectively recover lost data from damaged, formatted, repartitioned, or deleted disks.

R-Studio's key data recovery features include:
Drive recovery for all major file systems, including FAT12/16/32/exFAT, NTFS, NTFS5 (created or updated by Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/2008/Win7), HFS/HFS+ (Macintosh), Little and Big Endian variants of UFS1/UFS2 (FreeBSD/OpenBSD/NetBSD/Solaris) and Ext2/Ext3/Ext4 FS (Linux).
Recovery of damaged or corrupted partitions.
Recovery of data from repartitioned or formatted hard drives and disks.
Raw file search (scan for known file types) with custom user-defined file types.
Advanced file previewer; estimate chances for successful disk recovery before you buy.
Flexible, scalable file search capabilities - makes both big and small file recovery jobs easy.
Smart processing of bad sectors.
Backup and recovery disk imaging (local or over network). Image files are compatible with R-Drive Image software.
Bootable R-Studio Emergency (start-up) version can securely wipe any data storage device (hard disks, Flash drives, external drives, etc.) for reuse, disposal or transfer; even works on computers that won't boot.
Drive recovery over local area network (LAN) or Internet.
Professional RAID reconstruction features that meet or exceed competing stand-alone array reconstructor products.
Advanced text/hexadecimal editor with support for various data patterns like boot records, master file tables (MFT), etc. Such patterns may be custom-created.
Advanced disk copy module.

Supported OS:

Windows 2000/XP/2003/Vista/2008/Win7

Homepage: http://www.r-studio.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register program with given name and key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.