PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 012

POtHS - The Word - 012 - Jonathan Cahn - The Isaiah 9:10 Judgment



POtHS - The Word - 012 - Jonathan Cahn - The Isaiah 9:10 Judgment


POtHS Comment:   This Rabi brings a little light to The Patterns of Jewish Prophecy. The Jews DO NOT take Prophecy Literally like Most Christians do.

Description

An obscure passage in the Book of Isaiah describing the fall of ancient Israel has, since September 11, 2001, been eerily re-enacted in the United States exactly as it originally occurred in the time of the great prophet of Israel leading to the nation's demise.

Jonathan Cahn, the author of The Harbinger, has been shocking audiences by revealing the astonishing parallels between the fall of ancient Israel and current events unfolding in the US, what he calls "an ancient mystery that holds the secret of America's future and the collapse of the global economy."

In this stunning new documentary The Isaiah 9:10 Judgment, Rabbi Cahn unravels the mystery behind this seemingly innocuous Biblical verse, and shows that ancient harbingers of judgment are now manifesting in America, just as they once did in Israel.

This fascinating new DVD asks the question, "Is God sending America a prophetic message of what will soon be?" and RabbiCahn provides the answers through mounting evidence that the answer is 'yes.'

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  