    genre     action / rpg / fantasy
    download size     3.3 GB
    release date     October 28, 2004
    compatible with     Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8) and Mac OS X (10.6.0 or newer)
    languages     Audio and text: English Text only: French, German, Polish, Russian, Korean. 
    developer / publisher     inXile Entertainment / inXile Entertainment
    game modes     single-player

    Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    4 manuals
    wallpaper
    2 cluebooks
    3 quick reference cards
    soundtrack
    8 avatars
    21 artworks

What's cool about it:

    Includes the original classic games The Bard’s Tale 1, 2, and 3.
    Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!
    A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more!
    Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the Narrator.

Overview:

You play as the titular Bard, a roguish, manipulative and lewd songster whose priorities in life are the acquisition of material wealth and carnal pleasures. The Bard's pretty sarcastic by nature, but you get to decide just how scathing he is by selecting 'Nice' or 'Sarky' responses. Watch out you don't get too cocky though; folk you've upset may come back to haunt you.

During his raucous adventures, the Bard recruits a motley band of eccentrics and misfits to help in his ignoble cause. Enemies can be defeated using traditional or magical weapons and you can also use the Bard's dulcet tones to summon creatures. If you're tired of saving humankind or bored of games that take themselves a bit too seriously, The Bard's Tale could very well be for you.

“The Bard’s Tale is easily the funniest game I’ve ever played, and I’ve played all the funny games out there.” – IGN
“Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bard’s Tale” – Game Chronicles
“This game is satire in its sharpest form” – Cheat Code Central

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Blood, Language, Suggestive Themes, Use of Alcohol, Violence. PEGI Rating: 12+ with Violence, Bad Language.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP (32-bit only)/ Vista / 7 / 8, processor: Pentium 4 2Ghz or AMD AthlonXP 2400, 512 MB RAM, GeForce FX5700 or better or ATI Radeon 9600 or better, 6 GB HDD space, DirectX 9 Compatible Sound Card
Minimum system requirements (Mac):Macbook (early 2009), Macbook Pro (mid 2007), IMac (early 2009), MacMini (early 2009), Mac Pro (early 2009), MacBook Air (late 2008). Recommended two-button mouse, or Apple mouse with Secondary Button / Secondary Click enabled.

Install and Play.