Kyoukaisenjou no Horizon SI & SII | Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere S1 & S2 - 720p

Kyoukaisenjou no Horizon SI & SII 
Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere S1 & S2 
720p


Type: TV
Episodes: 26
Status: Finished Airing
Aired: Oct 2, 2011 to Sep 30, 2012
Producers: Sunrise, Sentai FilmworksL
Genres: Action, Fantasy
Duration: 24 min. per episode
Rating: R+ - Mild Nudity
S1 http://myanimelist.net/anime/10456/Kyoukaisenjou_no_Horizon
S2 http://myanimelist.net/anime/12487/Kyoukaisenjou_no_Horizon_II
Language Japanese
Subtitles English (Softsubs)




S1
In the far future, humans abandon a devastated Earth and traveled to outer space. 
However, due to unknown phenomenon that prevents them from traveling into space, 
humanity returns to Earth only to find it inhospitable except for Japan. 

To accomodate the entire human population, pocket dimensions are created around Japan 
to house in the populace. In order to find a way to return to outer space, the humans 
began reenacting human history according to the Holy book Testament. But in the year 1413 
of the Testament Era, the nations of the pocket dimensions invade and conquer Japan, 
dividing the territory into feudal fiefdoms and forcing the original inhabitants of Japan to leave. 

It is now the year 1648 of the Testament Era, the refugees of Japan now live in the city ship 
Musashi, where it constantly travels around Japan while being watched by the Testament 
Union, the authority that runs the re-enactment of history. However, rumors of an apocalypse and 
war begins to spread when the Testament stops revealing what happens next after 1648. 

Taking advantage of this situation, Toori Aoi, head of Musashi Ariadust 
Academy's Supreme Federation and President of the student council, 
leads his fellow classmates to use this opportunity to regain their homeland. 



S2
Taking advantage of the opportunity that the Mikawa Conflict provides, 
Tori and his comrades attempt to rescue Horizon from the Testament Union. 
But even as the Floating City Musashi speeds towards its next destination, 
the Floating Island England, Tres Espa?a is preparing its own armada for 
war against the British Islanders. Now, as the quest of Horizon's emotions 
builds to its climax, Tori's new battle is about to begin in the land ruled 
by the Fairy Queen! The reenactment of the history described in the 
mysterious Testament continues as the secret of the Armor of Deadly Sins is 
unleashed in the spectacular second season of Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere! 


