Dare to say Tracker Software PDF-XChange Pro the best software in the world is to create PDF files. PDF-XChange PDF files are a standard part of writing is very different and flexible tools supplied. Tools combined XChange Viewer PRO, MS Office toolbar plugins to convert formats. Xls,. Pub,. Ppt,. Vsd. Doc to PDF conversion tool that caused this mass OFFice2PDF one of the best software editing software PDF has become the world. 
's most compact PDF-Xchange, the fastest and most powerful production tool that has been designed PDF. Ability to print PDF files from different windows, format conversion tool for PDF, View PDF files and ... Among the features of this software is. MS Office formats for single and batch convert to PDF, convert images to PDF and add a watermark on PDF pages of PDF-XChange Pro is the software features. features Software PDF-Xchange Pro : - Optimized engine building and has a very high conversion rate. - Convert images to improve. - supported formats (ISO PDF / A 2a, 2b, 2U (Rgb. - The X6 supports edit PDF Password Security Control. - powerful technology for optimize and compress PDF file. - tools to view, read and edit PDF files. - Create new PDF files from different windows. - Full control over the PDF construction. - put a password on your license PDF. - PDF compression to optimize storage management. - Integration with MS Office. - Extract PDF to text content, images, and PDF. - edit, add, and change the Bookmark. - removal, crop and rotate PDF pages. - Resetting pages in PDF. - controlling size and resolution. - split and combine PDF files. - convert formats. RTF. DOC to PDF. - build automatically bookmarks - Font embedding options (Font embedding). - supports a variety of languages. - Compatible with all Windows from Windows 2000 to Windows 7 (32/64 bit).

Install:
1. Install software
2. Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the program

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!
