PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 020

Adrian Rogers - Truth or Consequences


POtHS - the Word 020 - Adrian Rogers - Truth or Consequences


POtHS Comment:   Very Well Done.
Description

Dr. Adrian Rogers as part of Love Worth Finding, which began in 1987, Dr. Rogers states "I believe God wants us to proclaim the message of salvation in the power of the Holy Spirit by every means possible ... That's our commitment at Love Worth Finding." In response to many who are asking, has that purpose changed since the home-going of Dr. Rogers? No, God wants us to continue to proclaim the message of salvation. The messenger may be gone, but the message must continue. Millions still have not heard the precious name of Jesus or know His redeeming grace.

So our race is not over. We must still run -- until Jesus comes. If you believe in what God has called LWF to do, we invite you to help us proclaim God's truth. Our prayer is that you will join with us in running the race and in broadcasting the Good News that Jesus Christ is truly the greatest Love worth finding. 
http://www.lightsource.com/ministry/love-worth-finding/

Devotionals:
Read how God is using LWF to change lives

The messages of Adrian Rogers and the daily devotionals have been more strength to me than I know how to put into words. Like he explains about the Greek or Hebrew language sometimes; that there isn't a word in the English language that really has the same meaning. There isn't a strong enough word to express the gratitude and love I experience every time I listen to a message or read a daily devotional from LWF. I know you are laying up more treasure daily in heaven, and I can just see the pleasure in Jesus' face when He is able to give Adrian another treasure throughout each day for the work He is doing through the ministry Adrian was called home from years ago now. You talk about royalties; I know God is pleased with your ministry and is using you daily. I literally can't count how many times the daily devotional has been directly for what I was going through, and God spoke through you to me.

Keep letting God lead and guide you.  In His service with you in prayer daily.


This download includes the following sermons from Dr. Adrian Rogers:
Truth or Consequences
Unmasking Satan's Lies
What If There Had Been No Easter
The Second Coming - the Apostacy


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
