Comfy File Recovery

Restore important lost data fast

Looking for a way to recover deleted files? Need a program to recover deleted files? Did you accidentally delete digital images, compressed archives, or necessary documents from the hard drive, removable drive, USB flash drive, or memory card? Need to recover information that was lost after formatting a logical partition controlled by NTFS or FAT file systems? Did you accidentally delete a file without using the Recycle Bin?

Comfy File Recovery recovers any accidentally deleted files: documents, digital images, compressed archives, music, and video. The program lets you recover information that was lost after formatting logical volumes on hard drives, removable drives, USB flash drives and memory cards controlled by NTFS or FAT file systems. A user-friendly interface lets you find and recover deleted files in just a few minutes.

You can download the program for recovering deleted files to be sure that it can recover the necessary information. The program displays the list of files that you can recover after registering the program.

Features:

Recover deleted files regardless of the information type: documents – Adobe PDF, Microsoft Word, Open and Star Writer; presentations – Power Point, Impress; electronic tables – Excel, Calc; as well as images, archives, and music and video files;
Recover files that were deleted without using Shift + Del or by emptying the Recycle Bin. Recover information that was lost after formatting the hard drive, removable drive, USB flash drive, memory cards, logical FAT or NTFS partitions;
Search for and recover information from deleted volumes, create a copy of a partition or physical carrier for safe information recovery, and record recovered information to a CD or DVD.

The program’s capabilities:

Recovers accidentally deleted files regardless of type: documents, digital images, compressed archives, music and videos; Recovers information that was lost after emptying the Recycle Bin and files that were deleted using the “Shift” + “Del” keys (without using the Recycle Bin);

Recovers data that was lost after quick and total formatting or total deletion of a logical drive; Supports the following file systems: VFAT, FAT16, FAT32 ? NTFS3, NTFS4, NTFS5, NTFS6 (including recovery of ADS – alternative data streams, and recovery of files on compressed and encrypted partitions);

While working, the program only reads the carrier, without saving anything on it. The program lets you create a copy of a partition or the entire carrier and to continue recovering data from the copy. This completely eliminates the chance of irreversibly corrupting the information being recovered;

The program lets you save the recovered files to any logical partition that is connected to your system, record them to CD or DVD, create an ISO copy with the recovered data, and to save files to a remote server using an FTP protocol;

The program lets you view the contents of the files being recovered and to search for, filter, and sort the files that were found for recovery.

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.my-data-recovery.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.