AC/DC - Back In Black [1980][2003][Japan Remaster]





01. Hells Bells  
02. Shoot To Thrill  
03. What Do You Do For Money Honey  
04. Givin The Dog A Bone  
05. Let Me Put My Love Into You  
06. Back In Black  
07. You Shook Me All Night Long  
08. Have A Drink On Me  
09. Shake A Leg  
10. Rock And Roll Ain't Noise Pollution  




320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:



AC/DC are an Australian hard rock band, formed in 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young, who have remained constant members. Commonly classified as hard rock or blues rock, they are also considered pioneers of heavy metal and are sometimes classified as such, though they have always classified their music as simply "rock and roll". To date they are one of the highest-grossing bands of all time.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Back in Black is an album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is the seventh Australian and sixth internationally released studio album by the band.

Released on 25 July 1980, Back in Black was the first AC/DC album recorded without former lead singer Bon Scott, who died on 19 February 1980 at the age of 33, and was dedicated to him. The band considered disbanding following Scott's death, but they ultimately decided to continue, with encouragement from Scott's parents, and shortly thereafter hired Brian Johnson as their new lead singer and lyricist. Producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange, who had previously worked with AC/DC on Highway to Hell, was again brought in to produce. The album was recorded at Compass Point Studios in Nassau, Bahamas, and Electric Lady Studios in New York, where the album was also mixed.

Back In Black was originally mastered by Bob Ludwig at Masterdisk, NY. The album was remastered and re-released in 1994, then again as part of the Bonfire box set in 1997, and as part of the AC/DC Remasters series in 2003 by George Marino. In addition, a Dualdisc version was released in 2004, featuring the album in enhanced LPCM Stereo format and the video documentary The Story of Back in Black.

As of June 2011 the album has sold an estimated 50 million copies worldwide, making it tied for second highest-selling album of all time, the highest-selling album by a band (together with Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon), the best-selling hard rock album of all-time, and the best-selling album ever released by an Australian musical act. On 13 December 2007, the RIAA certified it 22× Multi Platinum, recognizing sales of 22 million in the United States, making it the sixth-highest selling album in the US (fourth-highest at the time).





