


 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 030
David Wilkerson
Dont Judge By Your Feelings



POtHS - the Word 030 - POtHS - David Wilkerson - Dont Judge By Your Feelings


POtHS Comment:   Excellent as always.

Description


David Wilkerson Sermons:
The Reverend David Wilkerson is an American Christian evangelist. He is also the founding Pastor of Times Square Church in New York City, an interdenominational church, and President of World Challenge, Inc.  Wilkerson's sermons are known for being direct and frank. He emphasizes Christian beliefs, such as: God's holiness and righteousness, God's love towards humans and especially Christian views of Jesus. Wilkerson tries to avoid categorizing Christians into distinct groups according to the parish they belong to, and as such he is considered by many to be a truly ecumenical evangelist.

God had a plan that you and I would not only survive but that we would be more than over comers. It doesnΓÇÖt matter how wicked the world becomes and what the devil brings on society ΓÇô we have abiding in us a power that is greater than any other power. This power is the Holy Spirit!! You have not fully received the Holy Spirit until you allow Him to do what He was sent to do. We are to cast every burden on Him ΓÇôHE is the Burden Bearer. As we turn every burden over to Him ΓÇô We are receiving Him.  David Wilkerson's powerful preaching against the Great Apostasy taking root in the Church in these last days.

Included Sermons:
By Now You Ought To Be Teachers
Dont Judge By Your Feelings - Part 1&2
Gods People Will Never Be Ashamed
Men of Another Sort


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  