Prince Of Persia-Sands Of Time:-The 3D grandson of the original, is every bit as clever, as well made, as wholly entertaining and enjoyable -- and then some. This long-in-development sequel not only retains the established play mechanics and charm of its 2D predecessor, but it actually betters them -- and by a considerable amount. A commendable accomplishment given that the first is considered by many to be one of the greatest videogames ever created.
Prince Of Persia-Warrior Within:-Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is a video game and sequel to Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. Warrior Within was developed and published by Ubisoft, and released on December 2, 2004 for the Xbox, PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Microsoft Windows.[1] It picks up where The Sands of Time left off, adding new features, specifically, options in combat. The Prince now has the ability to wield two weapons at a time as well as the ability to steal his enemies' weapons and throw them. The Prince's repertoire of combat moves has been expanded into varying strings that allow players to attack enemies with more complexity than was possible in the previous game. Warrior Within has a darker tone than its predecessor adding in the ability for the Prince to dispatch his enemies with various finishing moves. In addition to the rewind, slow-down, and speed-up powers from The Sands of Time, the Prince also has a new sand power: a circular "wave" of sand that knocks down all surrounding enemies as well as damaging them. The dark tone, a vastly increased level of blood and violence as well as sexualized female NPCs earned the game an M ESRB rating.
Prince Of Persia-The Two Thrones:-The third chapter of Ubisoft's continuing revival of the classic Prince of Persia series. The Prince of Persia, a seasoned warrior, returns from the Island of Time to Babylon with his love, Kaileena. Instead of the peace that he longs for, he finds his homeland ravaged by war and the kingdom turned against him. The Prince is rapidly captured and Kaileena has no choice but to sacrifice herself and unleash the Sands of Time in order to save him. Now cast out on the streets and hunted as a fugitive, the Prince soon discovers that past battles have given rise to a deadly Dark Prince, whose spirit gradually possesses him.
Prince Of Persia-The Forgotten Sands:-Visiting his brother's kingdom following his adventure in Azad, the Prince finds the royal palace under siege from a mighty army bent on its destruction. When the decision is made to use the ancient power of the Sand in a desperate gamble to save the kingdom from total annihilation, the Prince will embark on an epic adventure in which he will learn to bear the mantle of true leadership, and discover that great power often comes with a great cost.
ALL ARE FULL