    genre    simulation / combat / sci-fi
    download size    1.6 GB
    release date    January 24, 2013
    compatible with    Windows (Vista, 7, 8)
    languages    Audio and text: English. Text only: German, French, Italian, Spanish.
    developer / publisher    Born Ready Games / Born Ready Games
    game modes    single-player

    Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
    3 wallpapers
    3 artworks

click on a thumbnail to enlarge the screenshot
What's cool about it:

    Strategically switch from Pursuit Mode (speed and power) to Strike Mode (a powerful, highly maneuverable combat mode).
    Take capital ships apart piece by piece – take out their turrets or target weak-points to blow out entire sections of their superstructure.
    Music from award-winning composer Paul Ruskay (Homeworld) including a collaboration with Japanese singer/songwriter Kokia (Tales of Innocence, Gunslinger Girl: II Teatrino).
    Features a vibrant and vivid universe where space is far from the dark, featureless void it’s supposed to be. Discover the color and vibrancy of the Strike Suit universe across 13 unique locations.

Overview:

In the year 2299, an interstellar war rages on. In a bid to save Earth from destruction, you must take control of the Strike Suit – a revolutionary fighter craft with the ability to transform into a lethal suit of space armor. Immerse yourself in massive fleet battles where your dog-fighting skills will directly affect the fate of the cosmos.

Discover a colorful and vibrant universe, with an epic story where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance and your actions will determine the outcome: preventing Earth’s destruction is your immediate concern but preserving its future is your ultimate goal. Engage intelligent enemy fighters and take on colossal capital ships, exploiting weak points in their super-structure to blow them apart. Upgrade your ships and customize your weapon load-outs to tailor combat to your tastes. Take advantage of four unique craft, including the Strike Suit, to experience dogfighting action as you’ve never seen it before.

This is space combat reborn.

“Brings stellar flight combat and more stand-out moments than any Call Of Duty set piece.” – NowGamer 8/10
“just about everything you want in a space combat game" – Penny Arcade
“Strike Suit Zero nails the balance between simulation and arcade shooter, creating an excellent combat experience.” – IGN 7.5/10

Minimum system requirements: Windows Vista / 7 / 8, 2.4 GHz dual core processor (Quad core recommended) , 4 GB RAM (8 GB RAM recommended), Nvidia 250 GTS or ATI Radeon 4800 series 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 10 (Nvidia GTX 560 or ATI Radeon HD5850 recommended), DirectX 11 installed, 3 GB HD space, mouse, keyboard, 5.1 sound card.

Install. Apply the patch. Play.