#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	03-19-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Marjory Wildcraft, Lindsey Williams

In the first half, ordained Baptist minister and former Chaplain to the 'Elite,' Lindsey Williams, shared what he'd been told by one of his 'Elite' contacts-- the agenda of the New World Order (NWO) for the next 4 years. He revealed that the NWO was displeased with Pres. Obama, as he went against their wishes by canceling the Keystone XL pipeline plan, among other things. The Elite do not want a financial collapse or catastrophic event with the American dollar for at least two to three years, which gives people temporary economic opportunities, he continued. The reason behind this is "forced debt creation" such as through college loans, and government spending, he said. This will bring debt levels up so high that when the Elite get ready to pull the plug on the currencies of the world, people will give up the Constitution, and accept a new world order, he outlined, adding that the end game for this scenario was four years.

While the super rich make up their own rules, the middle class will be taxed into oblivion, and be put into more and more debt, he continued. Within four years, 70% of Americans will be receiving some sort of check from the government, and the dollar will be phased out as the reserve currency and petro dollar of the world, Williams stated. Regarding gold and silver, he suggested that confiscation was unlikely-- the Elite are keeping this from being bothered. "One thing the Elite fear more than anything else, is the masses waking up...and as a result they are having to escalate their plans," he warned.

---------------------------------------

In the latter half, electrical engineer turned expert in self reliance and backyard food production, Marjory Wildcraft, discussed her recent appearance on the reality series Doomsday Preppers, as well as unusual types of foods that can be eaten as part of a sustainable lifestyle. On the TV show, she demonstrated to a family how to eat insects-- specifically mealy worms, crickets, and scorpions. In many countries outside the US, insects are commonly eaten, she noted, adding that they're high in fat, protein, and minerals, and provide important nutrients not available in plants. Absurdly, the TV producers requested that she demonstrate how to milk a rabbit (their milk is said to be high in protein), but she refused.

Wildcraft said she eats a variety of animals, including squirrels, gophers, and rabbits, many of which she butchers herself, with the understanding that it's a sacred thing to take a life. In the event of severe hardship, people should get acclimated to eating such animals and insects in advance, she suggested. She recommended growing a small survival garden, getting some chickens for eggs, and raising rabbits for meat. Wildcraft also gave tips on heating a greenhouse, including using 'batteries' of water warmed by the sun, a small wood burning stove, and compost piles which generate heat.

News segment guests: Mish Shedlock, John R. Lott
Website(s):

    GrowYourOwnGroceries.com
    marjorywildcraft.com
    prophecyclub.com

Video(s):

    Food Production Systems for a Backyard or Small Farm
    Secrets of the Elite

