Defiance S01E01 XviD [JKS]
.	
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 640x360
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 23 fps
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034303/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defiance_(TV_series) 
Official Site: http://www.defiance.com/en/
.
Defiance is an American science fiction television series developed for television by Rockne S. O'Bannon, Kevin Murphy, and Michael Taylor. The series is produced by Universal Cable Productions, in transmedia collaboration with Trion Worlds, who are producing an MMORPG video game of the same name which will be tied into the series. Defiance stars Grant Bowler as Joshua Nolan, the local lawman in a border town known as Defiance, as well as Julie Benz, who plays the newly appointed mayor of Defiance, Amanda Rosewater. Also starring are Stephanie Leonidas, Jaime Murray, Tony Curran, and Graham Greene.
---
Defiance Season 01 Episode 01
Title: Pilot  Directed by: Scott Stewart  Written by: Rockne S. O'Bannon, Kevin Murphy & Michael Taylor  Original air date: April 15, 2013
...
Season premiere. As the anniversary of the Pale Wars dawns, Amanda seems to be losing faith in her own abilities as the mayor of Defiance, a town that is home to the survivors of the war and the inhabitants of many species other than humans in the faraway future. The town is soon rocked by the arrival of travelling companions Irisa and Nolan, who need to make a quick buck. Out of town it appears the Volge and its forces have clocked Defiance; they plan to destroy it and its inhabitants in the aid of their own mystery agenda. The town must work together in times of need, but, it appears tensions are rising between the warring Tarr and McCawley families that could hinder this, especially so following the tragic death of Luke McCawley which Rafe seems to suspect Alak of committing at first. Rafe squares up to Alak, who claims to have done nothing wrong. It soon appears he's telling the truth however things get heated, and the town's peacekeeper ends up dead. Whilst Amanda tries to rally up support in these testing times, Irisa and Nolan soon gather the quick sum they came for through the use of the town's Need Want, run by Amanda's sister Kenya. The pair leave but Nolan appears to realize that they could make a difference to the town, and help defend against the impending attack. Irisa disagrees at first, reminding him that his last minute decision changes have cost them dearly in the past, but she makes a surprise appearance in the midst of the sphere-empowered battle, and after a long fight the battle is won and the town of Defiance is saved once more from being wiped off the map. How long the town will be safe for though appears to be uncertain.
