Adobe Photoshop CC 14.0 x64 x86 Multilingual/PL [Crack]


Languages: Polish, English, Russian, French, Turkish, Ukrainian, Czech, Hungarian



More freedom, speed, and power to make incredible images real. You’ll get dozens of new and reinvented features, including the most advanced sharpening tool available. Share work right from Photoshop® CC to Behance® to get feedback and showcase your own projects. Get access to new features the moment they’re released. Your entire creative world, together in one place. Only in Creative Cloud™.

A more connected Photoshop
Photoshop® CC is part of Creative Cloud™. That means you have access to all the latest updates and future releases the moment they're available. Use Save to Cloud to keep your files organized across multiple computers. And with Behance® integration, you can share your projects straight from Photoshop CC and get immediate feedback from creatives around the world.

All-new Smart Sharpen
Rich textures, crisp edges, and distinct details. All-new Smart Sharpen is the most advanced sharpening technology available today. It analyzes images to maximize clarity and minimize noise and halos, and it lets you fine-tune for high-quality, natural-looking results.

Intelligent upsampling
Enlarge a low-res image so it looks great in print, or start with a larger image and blow it up to poster or billboard size. New upsampling preserves detail and sharpness without introducing noise.

Extended features included
As part of Creative Cloud, Photoshop gives you all the powerful image and video editing features you've come to expect — and it includes the advanced 3D editing and image analysis tools that were previously in Photoshop Extended.

Camera Raw 8 and layer support
Apply Camera Raw edits as a filter to any layer or file inside Photoshop, and then enhance them any way you want. And with new Adobe® Camera Raw 8, you get more precise ways to heal images, fix perspective distortions, and create vignettes.

Editable rounded rectangles
One of your most requested features is here. Now you can resize shapes, edit them, and re-edit them — before or after they're created. Even edit individual corner radiuses in rounded rectangles. If a shape is bound for the web, export CSS data from the file to save time.

Multi-shape and path selection
Get more done in fewer clicks by selecting multiple paths, shapes, and vector masks at once. Even in multilayered documents with lots of paths, you can easily target the path (and any layer) you want right on canvas using a new filter mode.

Camera Shake Reduction
Save shots you thought were lost due to camera motion. Whether your blur was caused by slow shutter speed or a long focal length, Camera Shake Reduction analyzes its trajectory and helps restore sharpness.

Expanded Smart Object support
Apply Blur Gallery and liquify effects nondestructively thanks to Smart Object support. Your original file stays intact as you add blur effects or push, pull, pucker, or bloat the image or video. Edit or remove the effects at any time — even after saving your file.

Improved 3D painting
Live previews are now up to 100x faster and more responsive when you paint on 3D objects and texture maps. With the powerful Photoshop painting engine, you can make any 3D model look terrific.

and much more ...