Publisher: Jessica Kingsley Pub; 1 edition (January 15, 2007) PDF 112 Pages

"How to Be Yourself in a World That's Different" is an accessible guide to Asperger's Syndrome (AS) written for young readers who have been diagnosed with AS and other autism spectrum conditions. The book features a clear explanation of the condition, including symptoms that are common to people on the autism spectrum, such as a hypersensitivity to touch and difficulties with balance and coordination. The characteristics and symptoms of other syndromes that often coincide with AS are also discussed, for example AD/HD, learning disorders, and tics, as well as the temporary states of mental dysfunction that people with AS tend to be predisposed to, including depression, anxiety, obsessive and compulsive behaviors, and catatonia. This informative and encouraging text highlights the positive aspects of autism spectrum conditions, such as diligence, fairness, and a knack for unique ideas, but it also acknowledges the daily challenges faced by young people with AS and, crucially, offers strategies for dealing with these. Using case examples, Yoshida explores the difficulties of disclosing a diagnosis, takes readers through the stages of practicing key social skills, and offers advice on seeking support.

About the Author
Yuko Yoshida M.D. is a child psychiatrist at the Yokohama Psycho-Developmental Clinic in Japan, which specializes in diagnosing and treating children with autism spectrum and other developmental disorders. She is also Managing Director of the Institute of PsychoEducation for Children. She has over 20 years' clinical experience and has taken training courses taught by Lorna Wing and Judith Gould, and she is one of only a handful of professionals in Japan certified to use the Diagnostic Interview for Social and Communication Disorders (DISCO). She has previously authored Championing the individual: On raising children with Asperger's syndrome and high-functioning autism and co-translated into Japanese The Autistic Spectrum: A Guide for Parents & Professionals by Lorna Wing.