

Sacred Sexuality & The Art Of Divine Relationship. Elemental Healing, Gender Benders, Shock-Ras & RashaLAe Reunion. Filmed live August, 2006 Phoenix, AZ. Second in a series of three workshops focusing on Sacred Sexuality, the first step to "Elemental Command" training.

Discover how Sexuality and Divinity are linked in an opportunity to Co-Create with Source to open the passages to the Jhardon of Edon. Presents the seemingly hidden secrets of the means in which Sexuality has been, and continues to be used as a tool of abuse and manipulative control over Kristiac Races by Fallen Angelic Races via Black Hole Technologies, such as the NET. Re-discover your "Holy" private parts or "Kristic Orifice", located at the Um-Shaddh-Eie Seed Atom. Co-Create with the Elemental Command to begin healing the elementals and chemicals within the physical form. Healing of Perceptual Filters surrounding sexuality and intimacy that originated through Fallen Angelic "breeder programs" and remembering the "Natural" key/keylon/harmonic key generation. Link more fully to the Aurora Forces by healing the Um-Shaddh-Eie Edon Seed Atom and activation of the "Glory Hands", triggering re-alignment of the Chakras and Axion lines to their "Natural Configuration". A process which will begin the needed "Key Generation" of the 1728 Keys required for entry into the Middle God Words - Jhardon of Edon.

Journey through the Edonic Doorway and pass through the Diamond Door, to the Middle God Worlds while co-creating with the Rosetta Code, that has never been activated on Earth. Journey to the Yunasai (Inner Domain Seed Cell) for healing that is capable of transmuting billions of years of karmic patterns and erasing Metatronic false-memory Shield-Implants that contain the "Fall Drama" which is being Perpetually played out in Earth's Elemental Kingdoms.

Summary of the StarBorn Cycle and the Takeyon Key Generation Cycle. The 15 Days of Creation in the Core, Inner and Middle Domains and how it relates to the 30-Cell Yunasai cell and also about the Wind-Song (winds of Krystalla [outgoing] and KrystallA [incoming], which are the Cycle days ΓÇ£Core Winds expansion the Cycle Day Allah-AllA Primal Winds that commence on Cycle Day 8. The beginning of healing that will not only allow for "Natural Key Generation" but will begin to restore the process of chemical celestaline production, needed for physical bodily transformation and Star Gate Passage.
