This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


The Stylistics - The Best Of The Stylistics: Vol. 2 (1985)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41A66YSPXQL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by Stephen Thomas Erlewine):

After the Spinners and the O'Jays, the Stylistics were the leading Philly soul group produced by Thom Bell. During the early '70s, the band had 12 straight Top Ten hits, including "You Are Everything," "Betcha by Golly, Wow," "I'm Stone in Love With You," "Break Up to Make Up," and "You Make Me Feel Brand New." Of all their peers, the Stylistics were one of the smoothest and sweetest soul groups of their era. All of their hits were ballads, graced by the soaring falsetto of Russell Thompkins, Jr. and the lush yet graceful productions of Bell, which helped make the Stylistics one of the most successful soul groups of the first half of the '70s.

Read all of the bio at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-stylistics-p5549/biography

All Music Album Review (by Stephen Cook):

Just a year removed from their incredible run of early-'70s hits for Philly soul producer Thom Bell, the Stylistics began an association with the H&L (Hugo & Luigi) label that lasted from 1975-1977. While the glory days brought about by smashes like "You Are Everything" and "Betcha By Golly Wow" did not return during the H&L stay, the group did have some success with a few British hits. Part of the reason for the drop-off certainly was due to the almost total absence of Bell's sophisticated, soul-symphonic arrangements. This is made clear by the inclusion of the one Bell production that opens the disc: a rendition of Bacharach/David's "You'll Never Get to Heaven (If You Break My Heart)" that surpasses most of the remaining tracks on the record. This is not to say there aren't other worthwhile cuts here, especially considering the quality of H&L productions like the U.K. chart-toppers "Sing Baby Sing" and "Na-Na Is the Saddest Word," as well as updated Philly-bump charmers like "Sixteen Bars" and "Hey Girl, Come and Get It." Maybe not the group's finest hour, but an essential collection for fans all the same. Incredibly, a comprehensive collection of the Stylistics' fruitful output from the '70s has yet to been released. Until that great day, check out both volumes of the band's hits reissued on the Amherst label.

Taken from: 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-best-of-the-stylistics-vol-2-r174214/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000001O84

Track List:

01. You'll Never Get To Heaven
02. Hey Girl, Come And Get It
03. Sixteen Bars
04. The Miracle
05. You Are Beautiful
06. Sing Baby Sing
07. Star On A TV Show
08. Na-Na Is The Saddest Word
09. Thank You Baby
10. Funky Weekend
