 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://www.piczhub.com/images/583p64131026711.jpeg

WinRAR 5.00 Beta 3 (32 - 64 bit) Incl Key - SceneDL

WinRAR is a powerful archive manager. RAR files can usually compress content by 8 percent to 15 percent more than ZIP files can. WinRAR is a powerful compression tool with many integrated additional functions to help you organize your compressed archives. It can backup your data and reduce size of email attachments, decompress RAR, ZIP and other files downloaded from Internet and create new archives in RAR and ZIP file format.

WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to compression. By consistently creating smaller archives, WinRAR is often faster than the competition. This will save you disc space, transmission costs AND valuable working time as well. WinRAR is ideal for multimedia files. WinRAR automatically recognizes and selects the best compression method. The special compression algorithm compresses multimedia files, executables and object libraries

Features of WinRAR:
- Using WinRAR puts you ahead of the crowd when it comes to compression by consistently making smaller archives than the competition, saving disk space and transmission costs.
- WinRAR provides complete support for RAR and ZIP archives and is able to unpack CAB, ARJ, LZH, TAR, GZ, ACE, UUE, BZ2, JAR, ISO, 7Z, Z archives.
- WinRAR offers a graphic interactive interface utilizing mouse and menus as well as the command line interface.
- WinRAR is easier to use than many other archivers with the inclusion of a special "Wizard" mode which allows instant access to the basic archiving functions through a simple question and answer procedure. This avoids confusion in the early stages of use.
- WinRAR offers you the benefit of industry strength archive encryption using AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) with a key of 128 bits.
- WinRAR supports files and archives up to 8,589 billion gigabytes in size. The number of archived files is, for all practical purposes, unlimited.
- WinRAR offers the ability to create selfextracting and multivolume archives.
Recovery record and recovery volumes allow to reconstruct even physically damaged archives.
- WinRAR features are constantly being developed to keep WinRAR ahead of the pack.

WinRAR - What's new in the latest version


Version 5.00 beta 3

 1. Fixed XZ archive support, which did not work in beta 2.

 2. "Convert" command did not allow to use compression dictionaries
 exceeding 4 MB.

 3. If both encryption password and archive comment were specified
 when creating RAR archive, archive comment was not added.

 4. "View as Unicode (UTF-8)" command in internal viewer did not work,
 so UTF-8 files were displayed correctly only if their encoding
 was detected by viewer automatically.

 5. Maximum compression dictionary size when running in Windows XP x86
 is reduced to 128 MB. WinRAR cannot allocate enough memory to
 create archives with 256 MB dictionary in Windows XP x86.

 6. Corrections in relative path processing, such as "..arcname.rar" name
 in archiving dialog or "WinRAR foldername" in the command line.


Home Page - http://www.rarlab.com/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Do Not Launch The App
3] Copy Content from Key Folder to Install Directory
4] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL