POtHS


Creation 68 - Radioisotope Dating - Radiohalos Accelerated Decay





POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

POtHS - Creation - 68 - Radioisotope Dating - Radiohalos Accelerated Decay
Description:

The radiometric dating techniques are completely unreliable. They only serve one purpose. Test and re-test until they match specific expectations or desired results for their circular reasoning. 

This download includes alternatives to Rock Dating Methods, with primary focus on radiohalos as presented by Dr. Andrew A. Snelling:

Andrew A. Snelling is a geologist, research scientist and technical editor. He completed a Bachelor of Science degree in Applied Geology at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, graduating with First Class Honors in 1975. His Doctor of Philosophy (in geology) was awarded by The University of Sydney, Australia in 1982 for his research thesis entitled "A geochemical study of the K-----------------------------------------------------------------

Radioisotope datingΓÇöAn evolutionist's best friend?
For details visit: http://creation.com/creation-magazine-live-episode-14

Does radioisotope dating provide solid scientific evidence for 'billions of years'? This episode summarizes huge problems with this dating method and highlights recent research results that supports a young earth.
ares.php?it=41


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.




           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

