How To Grow A Vertical Garden Anywhere

You too can grow a gorgeous vertical garden at home indoors, outdoors or even on your rooftop!

Growing your very own vertical garden is easier than you think. Learn how to:

Grow A Vertical Garden Using Soil And Compost

Did you know that a vertical garden can use 90% less water than a conventional garden?

And it can produce up to 4 times as much food in the same amount of space as a conventional garden!

You don't need fancy equipment or expensive gear to start a vertical garden - just a little bit of creativity and the plans, guidelines and blueprints included in The Vertical Gardening Guidebook.

Vertical Gardening is the most revolutionary agricultural change in the last 100 years... and now you can be a part of it too!

Come join the revolution as you learn how to grow your very own vertical garden at home - whether you live in the city and only have a tiny balcony or whether you small or large yard and just want to create a wonderful food or flower garden.

Whether you're a complete beginner to gardening or just a beginner to vertical gardening, this book will give you everything you need to know to grow your own masterpiece.

How To Grow A Garden For Beginners

The Vertical Gardening Guidebook is the perfect book on gardening for beginners. This book is a complete gardening guide for new and experienced gardeners alike.

There are special sections just for beginners that will teach you all the basics including:

How to plan and design your garden space

How to start your plants from seed or get high quality seedlings

What equipment you'll need and what purchases to avoid to keep more cash in your pocket

How to make gardening fun and stress-free

How to get your friends to do the hard work for you

How to grow a beautiful container garden

How to plant an amazing hanging garden

How to design a wall garden

Urban gardening tips and tricks from the pros

The best food crops to use in a vertical garden to feed your family and take control of your food supply

How to get and save non GMO seeds for vertical farming

Even a rooftop gardening case study and video!

Special Section On Hydroponics: How To Grow An Aeroponic Vertical Garden At Home

You'll learn how to start your own aeroponics vertical garden for less than a few hundred dollars. In the past, aeroponics and hydroponics systems were only available to the wealthy and those with extensive knowledge of agriculture and hydroponics.

Today everything has changed! You can buy a state of the art aeroponics vertical gardening system for just a few hundred dollars or less including all the supplies you will need: nutrient solutions, pH testing kits, pH adjusting solutions, a water pump, a timer for your pump and of course the water reservoir and vertical gardening unit itself.

You can even grow indoors, outdoors and on your rooftop or balcony using aeroponics without the hassle of dealing with soil, compost and ground-based pests.

If you're looking for gardening books on kindle this one is for you!

Ready to plant? Let's go!