 http://www.piczhub.com/images/903Slide1.jpg
 
http://www.piczhub.com/images/134l30905887362.jpg

GameBoost 2.5.6.2013 Final - SceneDL

GameBoost sets the standard for PC gaming and internet optimization software. GameBoost instantly increases the performance of your computer and squeezes out every last bit of performance your computer and internet connection is capable of.
With many of the latest PC games requiring high hardware requirements to have a suitable gaming experience, it is important to optimize your computer's performance. Windows is a general operating system which is used for many tasks; it is not optimized for gaming. With GameBoost and a few clicks of your mouse, you will notice an increase in frames per second, smooth game play and less latency and lag during multiplayer gaming. GameBoost makes several Windows registry and system changes to increase the performance of your current gaming hardware; this allows you to play the most recent games without having to spend hundreds of dollars to upgrade your hardware.


These changes made to your computer improve memory usage, how foreground applications are prioritized with the CPU, hard drive access read and write speeds, how fast graphics can display on your screen, the overall speed of your internet connection and latency. GameBoost does not make changes, no patches and no modifications to games themselves, thus no anti-cheat detection software considers our software cheating software and you will not be banned from those gaming networks. GameBoost also improves the speed of your internet connection; these system changes work with all internet connections such as Cable, DSL, U-Verse, Fios and dial-up. If you notice during multiplayer gaming that you are getting long pings and lag, GameBoost can help improve the speed of your connection. GameBoost makes several Windows registry changes to improve how networking packets are transmitted and received, we increase the buffer sizes which allows data to be transmitted and processed faster on your computer, allowing games and downloading files to work much faster.

GameBoost Details and Features:
- Makes direct changes to system registry and system files to enhance memory, screen drawing, animations, refresh rates, cpu threading speeds, internet speed.
- Automatically adjusts settings and changes made based on computer and internet specifications, complete fault tolerance system implemented.
- Proven technology which can double the frames per second rate in games such as id Software's ┬« DOOM 3 and similar shooters.
- Deep system analyzer and diagnostic features which attempt to find and repair any potential problems with the computer affecting its performance.
- Advanced software based over-clocking features to enhance memory, cpu priorities and internet connection.
- Easy and intuitive user interface which performs all setting changes immediately.
- Try before you buy licensing with FREE lifetime upgrades and quality technical support.

Latest Update: 2.5.6.2013 - Minor change to the manifest file which caused Windows XP users that did not upgrade to service pack 3 to have the software crash randomly on startup. 

OS : Xp/Vista/7/8

Languange : English

Home Page : 
 
http://www.pgware.com/products/gameboost/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Do Not Launch The App
3] Copy Content from Crack Folder to Install Directory
4] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL