Coast to Coast AM for May 01, 2013. Imperfect Spirituality

Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
This is  a full rip of the stream (WMA) that Coast to Coast AM provides to 

such loyal members to their shows. It has been converted and merged 

together into mp3 files, however, to give you the experience you should be 

getting through the show mp3 archives. Instead, originally you get all 

bumper music erased, and a quality which takes out all bass (making George 

Noory sound as though he's coming through a crappy radio speaker)
This is what the Coast experience should be. And you can get it... 

absolutely free. Enjoy!

Show for: May 01, 2013
Show description:
Host:
George Noory
Guests:
F. William Engdahl, Anne Serling
Author William Engdahl discussed potential new 'energy wars' in the 

Mediterranean, issues around GMO crops, and how a group of global elite 

are gaining control over the world's oil, agriculture and currencies. "The 

essential strategy of the cartel of banks and big oil companies...is to 

create a myth of energy scarcity...and one of the means to do that is 

creating these wars," such as by taking countries like Iraq and Iran, 

which have huge untapped oil reserves, off the market for years, via wars 

or threats of war, he explained. 
For the first time, we are beginning to see 'wars' over natural gas, as 

the EU increasingly needs it to meet their mandate to reduce their carbon 

footprint. Israel recently discovered huge reserves of natural gas 

offshore, and is becoming an energy player for the first time. Greece, 

Cypress, and Lebanon have also discovered reserves, as well as Qatar, 

which has been making possible deals with Syria and Iran. "Immediately, 

you can begin to sense the geopolitical potential for wars in almost every 

direction," he commented. 
GMO agriculture was started by the same interests that control Big Oil, 

creating monopolies through vertical integration-- "agribusinesses" for 

20-30 giant multinational corporations, he detailed. With GMOs, foreign 

bacteria or elements are spliced into the DNA of soy or corn, and that's 

releasing something inherently unstable-- it's fraudulent and reductive 

science, he remarked. A recent long term study in France looked at rats 

fed a diet of Monsanto GMO corn for two years, and they found an alarming 

incidence of cancer tumors, organ damage, and early deaths. Monsanto's own 

studies have never gone beyond 90 days, he noted. Engdahl believes the 

elite seek to drastically reduce Earth's population, via wars, disease, 

vaccines, and other methods. 
Remembering Rod Serling
First hour guest, Anne Serling talked about her new book, As I Knew Him; 

My Dad, Rod Serling, and her memories of growing up with the man behind 

The Twilight Zone. Though he sometimes butted heads with sponsors and 

censors, he was often able to slip in ideas about social and moral issues 

under the radar through his sci-fi storytelling, she explained, adding 

that he once said "an alien could say what democrats or republicans 

couldn't." She also spoke about how her father was traumatized by his 

experiences in WWII, as well as his disappointment with his second series 

Night Gallery, which he felt didn't have as much to say about important 

issues like Twilight Zone did. 
News segment guests: Douglas Hagmann, Jerome Corsi, Katherine Albrecht 
Website(s):
engdahl.oilgeopolitics.net
Book(s):
A Century of War: Anglo-American Oil Politics and the New World Order
Gods of Money: Wall Street and the Death of the American Century 
Myths, Lies, and Oil Wars
Seeds of Destruction
As I Knew Him: My Dad, Rod Serling 