The Rockford Heroes - Edge of the silverthorn (official upload)

This is the third release and first full length album from swedish hard rock/heavy metal band The Rockford Heroes, called "Edge of the silverthorn". 


Tracklist:

01 - No reason to believe
02 - The day of return
03 - Forever
04 - And then there was temptation
05 - Gold encircles the altar
06 - Capricious arrows
07 - A split second goodbye
08 - The fools realms

The previous release, "The white EP" got some really good reviews. E.g.

"to make things even more enticing the songs are extremely well-crafted with driving grooves and awesome melodies that will stick to mind from the very beginning" (Metalkaoz.com

When this torrent is uploaded before the promotional work for "Edge of the silverthorn" have started. But a few music blogs have already noticed that the music have been available (we share everything on our own site as well) and then written some pretty nice judgement. 

"Opener "No Reason To Believe" starts very atmospheric increasing the tempo into a melodic chorus with solid harmony vocals. A classic midtempo Melodic Hard rocker blending eighties Madison and the underrated Swedes Damned Nation's style. Killer track!" (0DAYROCKZ)

"Lovely mix of 70s hard rock, NWOBHM and pomp" (Roth'n'Roll)

"It's just like the weather in Ohio. Don't like it? Just wait a second and it will change! That's about how this 8 track albums rolls!" (Heavy metal time machine)


It might be kind of kittle to compare yourself with other artists. But if we put it this way; Do you like any of the following bands? Rainbow, Savatage, Queensryche, Led Zeppelin, Styx, My Chemical Romance, Bon Jovi, Meat Loaf, Iron Maiden, Queen, Whitesnake, Kansas, Talisman, Journey, System of a down, White Lion, Edguy, Alice Cooper, Kamelot, Return, Muse, Thin Lizzy and so on?

We do, that's for sure! :)

So, thereΓÇÖs a pretty big chance might enjoy at least some of the music here. Some influences are more obvious in some songs, so if you donΓÇÖt like one song, try another! So far, there are at lot of differences between them.

And, this is a strictly official upload, it's completly legal to download it here. But itΓÇÖs also available on a couple of hundred of the most popular commcercial services, like iTunes, Spotify, Jamster, Wimp, Amazon and a lot of others. Choose the way to listen that you prefer the most :) 

www.therockfordheroes.com