S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Pinball FX2 (c)  Microsoft Game Studios

25-05-2013......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Pinball............Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Pinball FX2 is an ever-growing collection of original pinball table
simulations built by Zen Studios, the world's premier virtual pinball
developer.

Pinball FX2 pairs classic pinball gameplay with themes from Star Wars,
Marvel and more. Pick and choose the tables you like from a selection
of dozens - there's something for everyone

Meticulously constructed in painstaking detail, each table is instantly
approachable yet offers dozens of hours of replay value.

You'll need all the practice you can get to defeat your friends' high
scores and earn the title of Pinball King.

Features:

23 tables to choose from at launch, including table themes based on
Star Wars, Marvel and more

New tables released regularly

Keyboard, mouse, and controller support

Achievements for every table

The competition gets intense with in-game friend score challenges

Local and online leaderboards

Multiple scoring systems including Superscore and Wizard Score

Trial versions for all tables

16:9 and 16:10 aspect ratio support

Local hotseat mutiplayer

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
install folder and overwrite
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Some might have noticed that this game is free on Steam, well that's
true to a certain point, as each table pack cost money.

We have of course included all currently released tables packs with
this release.

Star Wars Pinball
Marvel Pinball
Marvel Pinball: Vengeance and Virtue
Marvel Pinball: Avengers Chronicles
Pinball FX2 Core Collection
Zen Classics