Track Listing

1. 	"Intro"   	
2. 	"Dogg Pound Gangstaz"   	
3. 	"Respect" (featuring Dr. Dre, Prince Ital Joe, Nancy Fletcher & Big Pimpin' Delemond) 	
4. 	"New York, New York" (featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg) 	
5. 	"Smooth" (featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg & Val Young) 	
6. 	"Cyco-Lic-No (Bitch Azz Niggaz)" (featuring Snoop Dogg & Mr. Malik) 	
7. 	"Ridin', Slipin' and Slidin'"   	
8. 	"Big Pimpin' 2" (featuring Big Pimpin' Delemond) 	
9. 	"Let's Play House" (featuring Dr. Dre, Michel'le & Nate Dogg) 	
10. 	"I Don't Like To Dream About Gettin' Paid" (featuring Nate Dogg) 	
11. 	"Do What I Feel" (featuring The Lady of Rage) 	
12. 	"If We All Fucc" (featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg) 	
13. 	"Some Bomb Azz Pussy" (featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg) 	
14. 	"A Dogg'z Day Afternoon" (featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg & Nate Dogg) 	
15. 	"Reality" (featuring Tray Deee) 	
16. 	"One By One"   	
17. 	"Sooo Much Style"   	


Album Info

Dogg Food is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Tha Dogg Pound. Its controversial lyrics were the subject of shareholder protest (the album was supposed to be released in July 1995, as a result of the controversy from Time Warner, the release was delayed for three months). The album spawned two singles -- "Let's Play House" and "New York, New York," featuring Nate Dogg and Snoop Dogg, respectively. It landed on the top of the Billboard 200 chart producing a first-week sales of 277,500 albums. Though it eventually sold over 2 million records (2x platinum), Dogg Food did not equal the success of preceding Death Row Records releases (The Chronic and Doggystyle). It is one of the last high-selling and critically acclaimed releases from the label, preceding only Tha Doggfather and 2Pac's albums as an anticipated album, and is the last album to be "officially" produced under the G-Funk (sub-genre) era of hip-hop which was pioneered by Above the Law. Though Dr. Dre was Death Row's premier producer, the album was mostly produced by Dat Nigga Daz, Dr. Dre mixed the album; Dogg Food led the way for Daz to become the top in-house producer for Death Row until his departure in the late '90s.