Title: Morningstar Strain Trilogy

Author: Z.A. Recht

Book(s): Plague of the Dead, Thunder and Ashes, Survivors

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Horror, Thriller

Summary:

The end begins with a viral outbreak unlike anything mankind has ever encountered before. The infected are subject to delirium, fever, a dramatic increase in violent behavior, and a one-hundred percent mortality rate. Death. But it doesn't end there. The victims return from death to walk the earth. When a massive military operation fails to contain the plague of the living dead it escalates into a global pandemic. In one fell swoop, the necessities of life become much more basic. Gone are petty everyday concerns. Gone are the amenities of civilized life. Yet a single law of nature remains: Live, or die. Kill, or be killed. On one side of the world, a battle-hardened General surveys the remnants of his command: a young medic, a veteran photographer, a brash Private, and dozens of refugees, all are his responsibility-all thousands of miles from home. Back in the United States, an Army Colonel discovers the darker side of Morningstar virus and begins to collaborate with a well-known journalist to leak the information to the public... The Morningstar Strain has begun. - Goodreads Summary of Plague of the Dead (Morningstar Strain #1)

Note: This trilogy is phenomenal, and recommendable to an older audience and those who enjoy zombies and the military in action. It was originally titled "Morningstar Saga" but after the author passed away, book 3, "Survivors" was completed as the finale and the saga renamed.
Plus all three books, Plague of the Dead - Thunder and Ashes - Survivors, all have new and improved (fan made) book covers made by MastermindTTA (me). The original series cover was very plaintive and was in the process of being redesigned, but the re-publishers haven't released the new cover for book three, hence why the new and amazing cover! I took the general themes and made them more realistic and appealing, I hope you like them. Enjoy!

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Covers: Yes

Metadata: Yes

RELOADED: This torrent is a reload of the original for the purpose that it had belonged to the first generation of torrents MastermindTTA had uploaded. It lacked quality, and this torrent is improved with new covers, included good metadata and a [helpful] readme file. Enjoy!

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!