Urgent News Currently False flag operations are taking place and escalating by our Corrupt government due to their failing gun control agenda that is Unconstitutional, the United States has a dictator for a president Barack Hussein Obama along with other government officials that are deemed corrupt and have been waging wars on other countries despite what the citizens of this great country want, they continue to defy the citizens. The agenda of this president is to one disarm its citizens due to a UN disarmament process and therefore set up a hoax dealing with a Newtown Connecticut school shooting involving many actors false persons and insurance scams, they needed to do this to have a reason to disarm the American people. Barack Hussein Obama is also working with other countries to disarm them, tax their money in their banks, causing riots, causing groups of people with guns to fight back and calling them terrorists, and doing the same to his own people in the United States. This president and his corrupt officials in the White House are waging wars and killing innocent people due to an agenda of A1 global banking system and a disarmament process, they are causing the terrorism the United States government is the terrorist, the United States citizens want peace and their troops to come home and get out of business that's not theirs. This message and this video is as serious as it gets so please spread this video, spread the word and get ready for civil unrest all around the world as it will get worse. Pres. Barack Hussein Obama is a socialist from another country and is working under foreign control and will continue to kill anyone that stands in his way, the United States is officially in distress and without its troops to help protect its citizens from threats foreign and domestic there is mass genocide Occurring as i write this due to drones and false flag operations being proven and carried out and seems there is always a training exercise right around the time of each tragedy, they are using cover ups to try and further their agenda. Many American flags are flown upside down! and the news media is not reporting what really is going on in this nation nor the truth that our government is making our troops fight wars they don't want to be in and causing tensions in other countries such as North Korea, so to all countries please understand it is not US citizens that are waging war against you. we are now being striked by our own government using Drone attacks.	