Coast to Coast AM for May 07, 2013.  The Power of Belief
Note: These are the MP3 files provided by Coast to Coast AM's website. I am curious to see which format people enjoy better. Do you like the previous bumper music version? Or would you rather have it as the original mp3s. Let me know in the comments please! 
So far, MP3 version wins!

Curtecy of Coast to Coast Am's wonderful  "Coast Insider" service!
Show description:
A doctor of psychology, and metaphysics, 
Eldon Taylor,
discussed his work researching the mind-body connection, and how science is repeatedly demonstrating the power of belief. What you hold to be true can and does have a huge impact on the quality of your life, and can either sabotage or serve you, he argued. "The more research I did, the more I realized that there is no such thing as an inconsequential belief," he remarked, noting that even though we may segment our beliefs into different categories, such
as politics, or people, they form into a large web. "You tweak one belief in one place, it causes the entire web to vibrate," he said. 

He cited an intriguing study first done by the University of Washington in Seattle in which they created a bar, with attractive liquor displays. Students
in the experiment were encouraged to try out different drinks, and after having a few, they exhibited changed behaviors, such as lowered inhibitions. After
3-4 drinks, motor skills were seriously impaired, and they acted drunk. Yet, the students didn't actually drink any alcohol-- only the rims of the glasses
were dipped in alcohol to create the smell. "The expectation that you were drinking alcohol, combined with what you thought your limit might be, created
this drunkenness," Taylor explained. Another study that demonstrates the surprising action of belief expectation is the 
Checkershadow Illusion.

We all have implicit biases, such as dealing with race, sex, and age which can predetermine our expectations, and even cause us to see things that aren't
there, Taylor continued. While the 'Law of Attraction' has some validity, people need to take action to achieve their goals and not just try to wish something
into being, he commented. Further, negative events that occur to a person aren't necessarily things they've consciously or unconsciously brought into their
lives, he commented. Though some have suggested that life shouldn't be a struggle, we often gain a lot of strength through a "trial by fire," and sometimes
it's within the struggle that we find our meaning, Taylor added. 

Gun Crimes & Control

First hour guest, research scientist 
John Lott
 commented on a new 
study
 which showed that gun-related crimes have fallen sharply over the last 20 years in the United States, even though most Americans believe they've actually
risen. Media coverage of crimes ("if it bleeds, it leads") may have contributed to this misconception, he suggested. Lott also offered criticism of the
Obama administration's push for gun control, such as through increased background checks. 

News segment guests: 
Jerome Corsi,
Dr. Peter Breggin,
Roger Tolces

Website(s):
 eldontaylor.com

Book(s):
 I Believe: When What You Believe Matters! 
 Self-Hypnosis And Subliminal Technology
 What Does That Mean?: Exploring Mind, Meaning, and Mysteries 
 At the Brink
 More Guns, Less Crime
