t h e c r a c k e r s o f

[rAD!s]

p r e s e n t t h e 3 0 k - c o l l e c t i o n

CorelDRAW Technical Suite X6 v16.3.0.1114 *INCL.KEYMAKER*

Cracked by....:  KaiZer SoZe       Release-Name..:  CR-TUK01.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2013/03/21
Packaged......:  Bergelmir         Release-Type..:  Util
Protection....:  Serial            OS............:  Win64
Crack/SN......:  Keymaker          Language......:  English
Rating........:  [You decide!]     Disks.........:  53

..: DESCRiPTiON :..

CorelDRAW Technical Suite X6 (formerly known as Corel DESIGNER
Technical Suite) combines the technical drawing tools of Corel
DESIGNER with the graphic design power of CorelDRAW to give you a
complete visual communication solution. Take advantage of all-new
features to tackle a wide range of technical communication
projects, from complex training manuals and intricate parts
catalogs to detailed instruction sheets and more.

With support for CAD drawings (AutoCAD DWG and DXF), legacy files
and images, and more, CorelDRAW Technical Suite X6 ensures your
information can be delivered or repurposed in all of the
industry's leading formats. Enjoy built-in 3D repurposing, plus
the option to add on 3D CAD support and advanced 3D visualization.

Produce standout technical drawings with dedicated diagramming
tools and projected drawing capabilities. With essential callout
and dimension tools, robust color styles and harmonies, and more,
it?s easy to achieve a consistent and complementary visual style
throughout any technical document.

Create and deliver standardized technical documentation and
confidently exchange files with clients thanks to enhanced support
for more than 100 leading file formats, including WebCGM 2.x and
S1000D, Microsoft Visio (VSD), Microsoft Publisher, SVG, DOCX,
EPS, TIFF, PDF and more.

Say goodbye to slowdowns when working with large files. Native 64
-bit support gives you a dramatically faster performance, and
enhanced multi-core processor support maximizes efficiency when
working on multiple projects at once, importing and exporting
files, or manipulating large documents.

..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..

Cut internet off your internet connection or block the application
with your favorite firewall during the activation process.
Run the keygen, enter the serial and register by phone ("Other
Activation Options" on the bottom left, then "Call Corel"). Enter
the obtained installation code in the keygen to get your personal
activation code.

You have to register "XVL Studio 3D Corel Edition" the same way as
we described it above.

Thanks for choosing
(C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering!

..: CORE NEWS AND iNFOS :..

- not available -

lAYOUt & hEADER bY. [rAD!s]
nfO UPdATED ON [2012/01/03]
(c) C.O.R.E. 2 0 1 3

CRC 1916:4697