Contacts: Langue et culture françaises (8th edition)
by Jean-Paul Valette and Rebecca M. Valette
Heinle | May 2009 | ISBN-10: 0618395784 | True PDF | 608 pages | 67 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Contacts-Langue-culture-fran%C3%A7aises-8th/dp/0618395784

Applauded for its superior grammar sequencing, four-skills presentation and practice, vocabulary control, and supportive pedagogy, CONTACTS remains one of the most popular Introductory French programs available. Now in its Eighth Edition, the program continues to reflect the realities of the contemporary French and Francophone worlds and to serve the communication needs of the new millennium. Its hallmark strengths--highly effective logical progression, clear organization, and supportive pedagogy--which have served more than half a million CONTACTS users so well, are enhanced in the Eighth Edition by the iLrn Heinle Learning Center (purchased separately). Everything your students need to master the skills and concepts of the course is built into this dynamic learning environment. The iL0618395784rn Heinle Learning Center includes an audio-enhanced eBook, assignable textbook activities, companion videos with pre- and post-viewing activities, partnered voice-recorded activities, an online workbook and lab manual with audio, interactive enrichment activities, and a diagnostic study tool to help them prepare for exams. The authors' heightened emphasis on interpersonal communication skills in this edition, presented through a broad range of stimulating activities that engage students in the many facets of the French-speaking world, is also further enhanced by the iLrn Heinle Learning Center.

About the Authors 
http://img541.imageshack.us/img541/3382/authors.jpg
Jean-Paul and Rebecca M. Valette are widely respected modern language authors for college and high school programs. A native of France, Jean-Paul Valette is a full-time writer. Rebecca Valette is a professor emeritus of Romance Languages at Boston College and past president of the American Association of Teachers of French (AATF). In 2006, the Valettes were honored by the French government and named Officier and Commandeur dans l'ordre des Palmes Academiques for their outstanding contributions in promoting French language and culture in the United States.
Rebecca M. Valette is a professor emeritus of Romance Languages at Boston College and past president of the American Association of Teachers of French (AATF).

Brief Contents (33 lessons in 11 units)
To the Student: Bonjour!
Unité 1 Bonjour, tout le monde!
Unité 2 Oui, nous parlons français
Unité 3 Entre amis
Unité 4 Notre monde personnel
Unité 5 Chez les Français
Unité 6 Bon appétit!
Unité 7 À l’université
Unité 8 Hier et aujourd’hui
Unité 9 Images de la vie
Unité 10 Perspectives d’avenir
Unité 11 Le monde actuel
Appendices
Vocabulaire (Français-anglais, Anglais-français)
Index

cover  http://img541.imageshack.us/img541/2597/contactslangueetculture.jpg