Size: 206 MB
Languages: English, Bokmål, Norwegian, Catalan, Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish
Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation), iPad 2 Wi-Fi, iPad 2 Wi-Fi + 3G, iPad (3rd generation), iPad Wi-Fi + 4G, iPad (4th generation), iPad Wi-Fi + Cellular (4th generation), iPad mini and iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular. Requires iOS 5.0 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.




Ski Jumping Pro brings you the sheer adrenaline rush of hurtling your way down a snow-packed ski ramp as you compete for skiing gold. Featuring amazing 3D graphics, real ski-jumping courses, multiple tournaments, career mode, and an array of upgradeable items, Ski Jumping Pro is the ultimate winter sports thrill for mobiles and tablets. 

Ski Jumping Pro features incredibly intuitive controls that encourage you to nail the perfect launch and break records. The upgradeable character system and career mode add a huge amount of depth and replayability as you compete to unlock new courses, clothing and equipment to boost your stats including gloves, boots, helmet, clothing and skis. Choose between two difficulty levels for endless replayability. Pro’s can even replay the whole game again with advanced toughness. 

★★ Realistic 3D Graphics and sound ★★
Incredibly immersive sound and graphics put you right in the heart of the action from your detailed character through to amazing speed effects, wind and snow and detailed and unique courses. Even watch replays of your best jumps. 

★★ Depth and variety ★★
Choose from multiple play modes including Quick Jump and Career Mode as well as Pro and Casual difficulty levels. Take on 62 events across 32 unique venues. 

★★ Simple and accessible controls ★★
One tap control makes Ski Jumping Pro accessible to novices. Then move on to more detailed controls in Pro mode!

★★ Deep Character customisation ★★
Bolster your performance by earning in-game currency for upgrades on gloves, skis, helmet, boots,clothing and equipment. 

★★ Huge replayability ★★
Unlock new levels as well as play in super challenging ‘+’ mode once you have mastered Pro mode.