Resplendence Registrar Registry Manager Professional

A complete award-winning registry management solution with a wealth of powerful features.

Registrar Registry Manager is an advanced and complete suite of tools that allows you to safely maintain your local registry as well as the registries on the systems of your network. Since many years, Registrar Registry Manager has been the expert's choice in registry management. 

This software offers solutions for backing up and restoring registries, fast background search and replace, a bookmark editor with categories which supports key coloring and adding descriptions to registry keys and values, detailed property pages, tools for easy navigation. The program offers multi-level undo so all registry changes can be individually undone. 

The software offers a registry defragmenter as well as a registry monitor which logs registry access by the system and other applications in detail. It provides security editors which allow you to set access permissions on your registry keys. An advanced registry compare tool allows you to check the differences between two keys in detail. Registry files can be edited in a separate registry window.

Fully supports Windows 8 and Windows 7

Registrar Registry Manager 7.50 supports all versions of Windows 8, Windows 7 and Windows 2012 Server. For a list of supported operating systems, click here.

Take control of your system configuration

The Windows registry is the key to all hardware and software configuration. This powerful and reliable registry manager will help you get the most out of your system.
For each Windows operating system, there are hundreds of registry tweaks and registry key descriptions included to help you find your way in the forest of system tweaking and optimization.

Powerful and complete collection of tools

Registrar Registry Manager includes the right collection of power tools which will do the right job in any registry editing situation. Tools include registry monitoring, blazing fast search and replace, backup and restore, advanced compare, bookmarks, a file reference editor, a CLSID utility and much more. Take a tour of features to see what Registrar has to offer.

Supported OS:

Win2000/XP/2003/Vista/2012/Win7/Win8

Homepage: http://www.resplendence.com/registrar

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Already Registered, no need of Key or crack.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.