Passmark PerformanceTest 8.0 Build 1019 Incl Keygen [FFF] - SceneDL

Fast, easy to use, PC speed testing and benchmarking. PassMark PerformanceTest Γäó allows you to objectively benchmark a PC using a variety of different speed tests and compare the results to other computers.

Twenty-eight standard benchmark tests are available in six test suites plus there are seven advanced testing windows for custom benchmarking.

Standard test suites
CPU tests Mathematical operations, compression, encryption, SSE, 3DNow! instructions and more
2D graphics tests Drawing lines, bitmaps, fonts, text, and GUI elements
3D graphics tests Simple to complex DirectX 3D graphics and animations
Disk tests Reading, writing and seeking within disk files
Memory tests Allocating and accessing memory speed and efficiency
CD / DVD test Test the speed of your CD or DVD drive

Advanced configurable tests
Advanced Disk
Advanced CD / DVD
Advanced 3D graphics
Advanced Networking (for Ethernet, Internet and Wireless)
Advanced Memory
Advanced Multi-tasking
Advanced Visualized Physics
Additional Features

The application includes the following additional features:
Comprehensive online help
Supports hyper-threading, and multiple CPUs testing
Detailed disk speed graphs
Supports printing results
The ability to save your benchmark results to disk as a new baseline
A customizable "Notes" field for storing your own information along with the saved Benchmark result.
Support for copying the results to other applications (eg. MS-Word)
Export results to HTML, text, GIF, and BMP formats
Single test execution, execution of a test suite or execution of all tests with a single mouse click.
A summary 'Mark' figure for each test suite plus the calculation of the PassMark Rating figure.
An easy to use point and click interface
A summary system information screen including CPU type, CPU speed, Total RAM, Video Hardware, Cluster size, etc..
The ability to compare the performance of your computer to multiple 'Baseline' computers at the one time.
Flexible license, move the software

By:

SceneDL