Power Video DVD Copy

It is really miserable if you lost your entire movie DVD collection due to wear and tear or accidental omission. To avoid tragic loss like this, you should always have some copies of your classic movies lying in the computer. Someone scratched your precious disc? Just burn another one! Power Video DVD Copy is precisely the tool to help backup the movie & music video DVDs and make them portable. Converting video DVD into video and audio formats that can be fluently played on iPad, iPod, iPhone, PSP and cellular phones would never be a problem.

Copy Video-DVD to All Popular Video Formats:

It converts DVD movies to AVI, MP4, 3GP, MOV, FLV, SWF, WMV and so on. Sending the copies of your movie to your friend is a good idea; posting them onto attract some fans could be awesome; also, you can then create a new movie DVD with the video you copied.
Extract Music from DVD:

If you love the song that's in the background of your DVD movie, you can extract the audio from the video and get a MP3/WMA/WAV/OGG/AAC/FLAC/MP2 audio file that you can play on your media players or make it your phone ringtone.
Support SD/HD/Blu-Ray & Wide Range of Media Devices:

Power Video DVD Copy is able to copy DVD-5, DVD-9, and SD/HD/Blu-Ray DVD. If you have no idea about the proper video format, or you just want to play DVD movie on your mobile, you may directly choose the target device. The compatible devices contain iPad, iPhone, iPod, Apple TV, PSP, Android, BlackBerry and Mobile Phone. Converting DVD-video into HD video formats are possible.
Select the Subtitle & Audio Language:

When you load a DVD movie into the program, you can freely choose the language of subtitle you want to show on your video and audio language you need to hear from English, French, Russian, etc.
Playback, Preview & Snap:

This DVD ripper lets you capture images from DVD movies when play the movie with the built-in previewer. Now you can keep and save the most excited and favorite scenes as your wallpapers or editing elements.
Convert Fast with CUDA & DXVA Technology:

Equipped with Compute Unified Device Architecture (CUDA) & DirectX Video Acceleration (DXVA) technology, Power Video DVD Copy allows users benefit from the hardware accelerated real-time conversion. With a modern graphics card and a powerful motherboard, the conversion time can be considerably shortened.
Preset Output Quality:

You are allowed to adjust the quality through ready-made presets, which guarantee output files with excellent video and audio quality & exactly synchronized audio and video. There is no skipped or lost frame during copy process.
Intuitive Interface:

The intuitive interface of Power Video DVD Copy ensures you have no problem to find all options and finish DVD ripping in a few clicks.

Supported OS:

Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7/8.

Homepage: http://www.free-sound-editor.com/powervideodvdcopy.html.

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register appliocation with given serial.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
