Category All Sex, Big Dicks 
  
Director Nacho Vidal 
Starring Jessica Diamond, Ivanka, Laurita, Nacho Vidal, Zenda, Carolina Abril 

Nacho Vidal Is The... Big Dick Brother!

Outrageous smut stud/director Nacho Vidal's newest movie features girls from the Spanish madman's X-rated online version of a similarly named 'reality' TV show. 'Big Dick Brother' shows Vidal entertaining five fetching, young starlets within the confines of the house he shared with a gaggle of frisky female contestants.

The source of the new video scenes is 'La Mansion de Nacho Vidal' ('Nacho Vidal's Mansion'), an online series Vidal ran on his NachoVidal.com website that showed what TV 'reality shows' can only hint at. Vidal describes his web series experience as, 'Three months in a house with 25 girls, 'Big Brother'-style, without censorship.' The girls lived with Nacho six at a time as they partied, fucked, took sexual tests and engaged in catfights, all for the camera. Competing for a cash prize and a porn contract, contestants were cut from the show based on fan vote.

From his 'La Mansion' talent pool, Vidal selected a prize-worthy cast for 'Big Dick Brother.' Cover cutie Carolina Abril orally worships Vidal's massive shaft and gets her plump, shaved twat crammed full. All-natural, blonde model Ivanka submissively deep-throats the director's tool and rides it relentlessly. Sassy Jesika Diamond, a pink-haired, tattooed punk princess, loves getting railed by Vidal. Adorable, auburn-haired Laurita blows the director and takes an athletic banging. Busty brat Zenda wraps her fine, natural knockers around Vidal's rod and gets her fantastic curves hosed off in the shower.

Vidal has enjoyed a legendary porn career based on his famously enormous cock; his intense, macho style of fucking; and clever sexual showmanship that yields projects like an uncensored 'reality show' parody. 'Big Dick Brother' proves that sometimes, porn life imitates TV artifice. The movie runs almost three hours; the DVD includes photo galleries, trailers and a cumshot recap. 


  
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=bdbrof.jpg
  
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=bdbrofb.jpg
  
http://www.fastpics.net/?v=plbdbromp4.jpg

