Duplicate File Cleaner

Leading File Comparison Program, Supports Unlimited Number Of Files, Folders, Drivers or Mobile Devices! 

Fast Scan & Clean duplicate documents, songs,photos, outlook emails, songs, etc... Free-up and organize your favorite collection Make duplicate file management easier Reduce your backup cost Save your time and improve your work efficiency etc... 

Duplicate File CleanerΓäó Features

Brower Bookmark Duplicates Scan And Remove (Brand New!)

Unique tool that will help you to manage large numbers of bookmark duplicates in your browser.
Support Internet Explorer, Firefox 2.x, Firefox 3.x, Opera 9.x, Opera 10, Chrome

Excel Duplicates Scan And Remove (Brand New!)

Unique tool that will help you to manage large numbers of duplicate items in excel
Fast Find & Clean Duplicate Documents, Musics, Photos, Outlook Emails
Innovative search engine with fast speed
Verify the duplicate content detailed to Byte-by-byte
Duplicate Outlook Emails Detector with more criterias
Duplicate Music Detector with more criterias

Support Any Mobile Device

Duplicate File Cleaner can find and remove duplicate files in your iPod, iPhone, Zune, Zip, PSP, Mp4,etc

You can compare your folders with "Folder Match" function

Easily compare files and folders by several methods in order to back up your latest files, data etc according to your need and avoid missing any important files.

Synchronize files and reduce your backup cost

Analyze the differences between folders and synchronize files. Easily compare the two copies of the same folders by several methods, replace old files with the latest ones and avoid missing any important files.

History Function

Scan history logs your scan results and allows you deal with your duplicate files when you have time. Remove history allows you to restore what you have removed to a folder.

Junk Files Cleaner

Junk File Cleaner can thoroughly scan out, clean junk files and free up your valuable space:

Temporary Internet files
Empty Recent Documents
Recycle Bin
Temporary Directory
Internet History
Internet Cache
Custom Types of Junk Files can enable users to define other types of junk files that are not listed in default setting.

Intelligently Scan Your System

The industry-leading scanning engine can analyze and detect leftover files in background instead of manual intervention.

Cover More of the formats

With Duplicate File Cleaner, you can easily and fast find out and clean various kinds of duplicate files.
Duplicate document
Duplicate Music
Duplicate Photos
Outlook duplicate emails

Flexible Scan option

Search files by the same name or by the same content
Size conditions & skip zero-length files option
Safely search for duplicates from selected folders or drivers

Add multiple folders/drivers for scanning
Protect system files and folders
Show file properties
Open folder containing selected file
Easy to Use and User-Friendly Interface

1-click Scan and 1-click Clean make removing duplicate files easily and even computer newbies can handle it without any problem.
Duplicate file management - remove only unnecessary duplicates

Select files manually (for deletion) or use flexible selection options
Move duplicate files to selected folder
Move files to Recycle Bin or delete duplicate files permanently
Pulverize sensitive files and protect your privacy
Export the list of duplicate to HTML, TXT, XML and CSV document

It is a useful feature that is suggested by many customers.
Let you review the duplicate files easily
Service is also a Great Feature

Though Duplicate File Cleaner is powerful to find out and clean most of duplicate files, it is not the ultimate tool to do everything you need. When you need to do more with Duplicate File Cleaner, just submit your requests to us. Duplicate File Cleaner will be the better solution for duplicate file searching and cleaning by providing both the powerful toolkits and on-demand services. That is to say, when you are using Duplicate File Cleaner, you are not only having the handy toolkits but also the great services from our professionals.

Supported OS:

Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2000/2003/XP/7/Vista

Homepage: http://www.duplicatefilecleaner.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.