Clayton Christensen’s definitive works on innovation—offered together for the first time

Will you fall victim to disruptive innovation—or become a disruptor yourself? Tip the odds in your favor with the bestselling books that have made Christensen one of the world’s foremost authorities on innovation. You’ll also get his award-winning HBR article, full of inspiration for finding meaning and happiness in your life using the principles of business.

The 4-volume collection includes:

The Innovator’s Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail
In one of the most influential business books of our time, Christensen introduced the world to the concept of disruptive innovation, showing how even the most outstanding companies can do everything right—yet still lose market leadership. Don’t repeat their mistakes.

The Innovator’s Solution: Creating and Sustaining Successful Growth
Citing in-depth research and theories tested in hundreds of companies across many industries, Christensen and co-author Michael Raynor provide the tools organizations need to become disruptors themselves.

The Innovator's DNA: Mastering the Five Skills of Disruptive Innovators
Christensen and coauthors Jeffrey Dyer and Hal Gregersen identify behaviors of the world’s best innovators—from leaders at Amazon and Apple to those at Google, Skype, and the Virgin Group—to show how you and your team can unlock the code to generating and executing more innovative ideas.

“How Will You Measure Your Life?” (HBR article)
At Harvard Business School, Clayton Christensen teaches aspiring MBAs how to apply management and innovation theories to build stronger companies. But he also believes that these models can help people lead better lives. In this award-winning Harvard Business Review article, he explains how, exploring questions everyone needs to ask: How can I be happy in my career? How can I be sure that my relationship with my family is an enduring source of happiness? And how can I live my life with integrity?

Files:
├── How Will You Measure Your Life - Clayton M. Christensen.epub
├── How Will You Measure Your Life - Clayton M. Christensen.jpg
├── How Will You Measure Your Life - Clayton M. Christensen.mobi
├── How Will You Measure Your Life - Clayton M. Christensen.opf
├── How Will You Measure Your Life.pdf
├── The Clayton Christensen Innovation Collection (includes The Innovator's Dilemma, The Innovator's Sol - Christensen, Clayton M_.epub
├── The Clayton Christensen Innovation Collection (includes The Innovator's Dilemma, The Innovator's Sol - Christensen, Clayton M_.mobi
├── The Innovator's DNA BY Clayton Christensen (pdf) [Qwerty80].pdf
├── The Innovator's Dilemma - When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail BY  Clayton Christensen  [Qwerty80].pdf
└── The Innovator's Solution - Creating and Sustaining Successful Growth by Clayton Christensen (pdf) [Qwerty80].pdf