Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the game:

BioShock is a first-person shooter survival horror video game developed by Irrational Games (at the time, named 2K Boston), and published by 2K Games. 
The game was released for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 platforms in August 2007.
BioShock is set in 1960, in which the player guides Jack after his airplane crashes in the ocean near the bathysphere terminus that leads to the underwater city of Rapture. 
Built by the business magnate Andrew Ryan, the city was intended to be an isolated utopia, but the discovery of ADAM, a plasmid which grants superhuman powers, initiated the city's turbulent decline. 
Jack tries to find a way to escape, fighting through hordes of ADAM-obsessed enemies such as the deadly Big Daddies, while engaging with the few sane humans that remain and eventually learning of Rapture's past. 
The player, as Jack, is able to defeat foes in a number of ways by using weapons, utilizing plasmids that give unique powers and by turning Rapture's own defenses against them. 
BioShock includes elements of role-playing games, giving the player different approaches in engaging enemies such as by stealth, as well as moral choices of saving or killing characters......


PC System Requirements

Minimum: 
   Operating System: Windows XP (with Service Pack 2) or Windows Vista, 
   CPU: Intel single-core Pentium 4 processor at 2.4GHz, System RAM: 1 GB, 
   Video Card: Direct X 9.0c compliant video card with 128MB RAM and Pixel Shader 3.0 (NVIDIA 6600 or better/ATI X1300 or better, excluding ATI X1550), 
   Sound Card: 100% direct X 9.0c compatible sound card, 
   5.5GB of free hard drive space.




Notes:
This version of game is already cracked - just install and play.
Included DLC:
 - ChinaBroom
 - IndustrialRevolution
 - SeasonPass



	
How to install:
After download is done:
- open (executable file),
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=18606.0


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for people with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/


