Techsmith Snagit v11.2.1.72
 
http://www.techsmith.com/snagit.html

Technical Data
Inglés | Spanish (translation) | 67 MB | Medicina Incl |
Description
The best tool for making screenshots

With Snagit technology for capturing, editing, organizing and sharing, it is easy to create attractive visuals that grab attention. Let the images speak for you. Snagit will help you capture any image you want directly from the computer screen.
Improved transparency, labels and other effects to turn a simple screen into a striking image. Organize your images easily and use them again and again for other projects.
Then show off your Snagit creations to anyone. All you need do is add your documents and presentations or share using your favorite applications. It does not take much to explain a concept or an idea with Snagit. The images you create speak for you and the more you use Snagit, the more ways you'll find to use it.

Features
Combine images:
Create custom graphics easily by taking multiple captures and putting them together.

Focuses and wide:
Draws attention to a specific part of the image. All you need to do is select the portion you want and Snagit will blur and darken everything else.

Marking tools:
Add effects to your image, even if you do not have a design degree. Draws attention with arrows, add a text label or torn edge effects to name just a few effects.

Automatic storage:
All of your captures are automatically saved to your library and the latest will be visible all the time. Save time by quickly finding your captures old.

Tagged:
When saving your capture, Snagit also stores information so you can find it again later. Search for your captures by date, website or custom indicator you created and you assigned.
News
What's New
Capture anything on your screen with the ultimate screen capture tool.
With version 11, you can record screen video, Enhance your images,
Efficiently work, and share to even more destinations.

Capture More Options

Video Capture
Clearer communication.
Show them what you do, and how you do it! Using MPEG-4 video format
you can now create video screen for demos or quick reviews, and share
them instantly to YouTube, Facebook, and more!

Enhance Image Captures

New Stamps
Catch even more attention.
Add some flair to your screen captures with new and improved stamps!
Get them straight from Snagit and download more here.

More ...
History of Changes
March 19, 2013: Snagit Minor Release v11.2

    Redesigned OneClick.
    Redesigned the Snagit Message Center.
    Added support for two-factor authentication in the YouTube output.
    Added additional Japanese file name components for automatic file naming.
    Re-added support for resizing multiple images through batch conversion.
    Improved the performance of scrolling captures in Microsoft Outlook emails.
    Fixed a bug where Snagit Editor would crash after uploading a video to YouTube.
    Fixed a bug where Snagit Could not back up and restore a library larger than 4 GB.
    Fixed a crash bug Caused by grouping and ungrouping several vector objects on the canvas.

System Requirements

    Microsoft Windows XP with SP2 (32-bit only), Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8 installed and configured on your system
    Internet Explorer 8.0 or later required
    . NET 4.0 or later required for video
    2.4 GHz single core processor (2.4 GHz dual core required for video)
    1 GB of RAM (2 GB required for video)
    125 MB of free hard disk space
    Video capture on Windows 7 Requires Windows 7 supported video and audio hardware
    Video capture on Windows 7 N Requires the Media Feature Pack for Windows 7 N
    Snagit add-ins for Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook Work with Office 2000, Office XP, or later
    Snagit add-in for Microsoft Internet Explorer Works with Internet Explorer 6.0 or later
    Snagit Requires Active Accessibility 2.0 to capture links from webpages
    Snagit Snagit Stamps Requires 6.3 or later