The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.

The series is set in the fictional South-Midlands town of Denton, and is marked by a gritty tone. It is believed that Denton is in Oxfordshire, with many references to Reading, Oxford, and in particular, Swindon, especially in the earlier episodes, as the M4 and A417 are often seen, and the map of Swindon was seen in the control room, although a map of Reading was used occasionally. The programme is produced by ITV in Leeds, and most of the outdoor locations are shot in West Yorkshire. Several scenes are filmed in and around the city and district of Wakefield and neighbouring small towns of Pontefract and Castleford, West Yorkshire.[3] The role of Frost was notable in changing the public perception of David Jason from a predominantly comic actor to a dramatic actor.

Season 6

S6, Ep1 - Mar. 7, 1999 - Appendix Man
Hazel Wallace returns from her training as the new Detective Sergeant. Supt. Mullett assigns her to sorting the mess left behind by DI Frost while he was on extended compassionate leave. Wallace's first case is a man found hanged in his home. She suspects the death was not suicide. A set of fingerprints at the scene belong to an unidentified man discovered drowned a year previously. Frost is summoned by Supt Mullett to sort things. He connects a painting that appears to have been stolen from the hanged man with an art robbery and murder several years earlier.
 
S6, Ep2 - Mar. 14, 1999 - One Man's Meat
Frost takes in a boarder as he investigates the body of a dead teenage girl floating in the canal and a disembodied arm washed up on the shoreline.
 
S6, Ep3 - Mar. 21, 1999 - Private Lives
A woman is discovered in critical condition in a quiet village on the outskirts of Denton, the apparent victim of a hit-and-run incident. Frost's investigation exposes the secret life of a rural England corner.
 
S6, Ep4 - Mar. 28, 1999 - Keys to the Car
Frost investigates a dapper con man with a taste for golf at posh clubs and other people's cars, especially after the body of a drug dealer is found in the trunk.

This torrent includes the .xml and .jpg files for the WDTV Live SMP media library feature.