R.G. Origins release, unprotected game (files in "Crack" folder are taken from GOG edition). Included all updates to version 1.3.7 and two add-ons: Pirates of the Flying Fortress, Castle Defense.

Aziraal, the god of fire, has fallen and the Dark Lord Gandohar is scheming as to how to disrupt the balance between the elements. Five long years have passed since the events of the first game and you, the hero, begin your adventure trapped in GandoharΓÇÖs prison. Now you must forge an alliance with your most hated enemy: the Orcs. YouΓÇÖll have to put old enmities aside, reclaim your freedom. and save your sister in Two Worlds II.

In Two Worlds II: Pirates of the Flying Fortress, a band of fame-hungry pirates led by the legendary Captain Ed Teal, have become trapped in a cursed archipelago when their ship ran aground, where they will be damned to remain forever until aided by a hero with a strong back(thatΓÇÖs you) and a (somewhat) loyal disposition. Trust, after all, is no short sale in these cursed islands, especially not for a man tasked with finding the Treasure - an immaterial wealth said to manifest the beholder's wildest dreams.

The war has come home! While the bloody battle between GandoharΓÇÖs troops and the armies of the Orcs is raging in front of the gates of Oswaroth, the emperor waits in the depths of his palace on the outcome of the struggle for power. However, he does not know that an elite troop of Orcs, led by Rogdor, is making its way through secret paths into the fortress and is now close to the portals of the throne room.Two Worlds II: Castle Defense gives you the opportunity to slip into the role of the Emperor Gandohar and his henchman Sordahon! These villains from the "Two Worlds" universe are now playable for the first time ever in this strategy game, thus opening an entirely new perspective into the vast world of Antaloor. Using foresight and skill, you must defend abandoned ruins, dark forests, and winding catacombs against the onrushing Orcs. Ward off each attack with clever tactics and weaponry, defending Gandohar's throne in the Oswaroth fortress!