DVDFab 9

DVDFab is all you need to backup DVDs. DVDFab Platinum 3 is brand new, is completely rewritten, is based on 5 years of DVD copy software development. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to copy a DVD movie. Just insert the movie and a blank DVD then press Start. Your entire movie - including menus, trailers and special features - is copied to a single DVD with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD - including menus, trailers, and special features - onto one or multiple discs.

Features Highlight:

A. DVD to DVD
1. 7 DVD to DVD copy modes available: Full Disc, Main Movie, Split, Customize, Clone, Merge and Write Data.
2. Full Disc: All movies, menus and trailers, is copied to a DVD with just one click.
3. Main Movie: Just copy the movie, with specific audio/subpicture.
4. Split: Copy a DVD-9 onto two DVD-5 discs with 100% quality, and preserve original menus on both discs. Ideal for episodic/season DVD movies, TV series, etc.
5. Customize: Personalize your DVDs! Want to make a DVD with only your favorite titles? How about cutting out those annoying commercials? Or selecting specific audio/subpicture? No problem! You can select just your favorite titles, specify the title playback order, with or without original menus, to create a DVD with only the stuff you want!
6. Clone: Make perfect 1:1 bit-to-bit copy of DVDs:
- Make perfect dual layer DVD copy by using the original layer break position.
- Copy data DVD disc, like PS2 DVD.
7. Merge: Combine several titles of several sources into one DVD:
- Combine two DVD-9 like "The Lord of the Rings" into one DVD-9.
- Merge season DVDs to fewer discs.
- Create your own special features collection disc.
8. Very fast copying speed, normally it's about 10 - 20 minutes.
9. Burn to any blank DVD Disc (DVD+R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R DL, DVD-R DL).

B. DVD to Mobile
1. 6 DVD to Mobile copy modes available: Generic, iPod, PSP, Cell Phone, PVP and PDA. More devices support can be added manually.
2. Generic: Convert DVD title to PC MPEG-4/DivX/XVID/H.264 AVI/MP4 file. It also supports all other devices which are not listed in navigation bar.
3. iPod: Convert DVD title to Apple iPod MPEG-4/H.264 MP4 file.
4. PSP: Convert DVD title to Sony PSP MPEG-4/H.264 MP4 file.

C. Benefits
1. Remove all DVD copy protections, like CSS, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, UOPs, ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, CORE X2, etc.
2. Constantly updated to support latest DVD copy protections.
3. Backup scratched/dirty disc:
- Even if some information (IFO) cannot be read, you can still copy Main Movie or Customize.
- Recovery from DVD reading (VOB) error.
4. Constantly updated to support latest DVD burners and blank DVD discs.
5. Constantly updated to support more mobile devices.
6. FREE lifetime upgrade.
7. FREE lifetime support via e-mail, worldwide.

Quote:
What's new in 9.0.4.2 Final:
New: Added support for new Java protection as found on "The Last Stand".
Fix: A problem that should not reset the burn engine when launching DVDFab without internet connected.
Fix: A problem that cannot cancel process when clicking "X" in Task Queue.
Fix: A problem that cannot uninstall DVDFab 9 when it is running.
Fix: A compatibility problem for external BD-ROM, such as: ASUS BW-12D1S-U E102.
Fix: A problem that cannot change the order in Task Queue.
Fix: A crash problem when changing source in Burn mode in certain cases.
Fix: A problem that the "Overwrite rewritable media automatically" feature cannot work when writing Blu-ray disc.
Fix: A problem that should not upmix 2.0 audio to 5.1 when ripping Blu-ray with multichannel audio tracks.
Fix: A problem that human voice is small in left channel when ripping DVD to Apple TV.
Fix: A problem that wrong channel output when ripping Blu-ay and DVD with Mono or Dolby ProLogic ?.
Fix: A no sound problem when playing the ripped file created with mp4.h264.mp3 profile in Blu-ray Ripper.
Fix: A problem that no video and audio when playing the ripped file created with mkv.passthrough profile when the Blu-ray video format is VC1.
Fix: A problem that cannot create output folder if it contains east Asia character like Japanese.
Fix: A problem that cannot read multi audio tracks in Creator and Converter.

Supported OS:

Windows 8/7/Vista/XP(32/64 bit)

Homepage: http://www.dvdfab.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.