


WHY CHOOSE BITCOMET?
BitTorrent Download
fast and powerful
Long-Term Seeding: Speed up downloading and revive dead torrents
Torrent Share: Exchange torrent while downloading
Magnet URI: Start BitTorrent download without .torrent file any more, using DHT network.
Preview while Downloading: Preview of .avi .rmvb .wmv and other video files is available during downloading process.
Cross Protocol Downloading: Benefit from HTTP/FTP/eMule download sources while BitTorrent downloading.
Align File to Piece Boundary: Better for making torrent, fully compatible with old versions.
Intelligent Connection Optimization: Configuration is automatically set to match your connection type.
Intelligent Disk Cache: Memory cache is used to reduce the read/write frequency of your hard drive, increasing device life.
Intelligent Disk Allocation: Reduce disk fragmentation.
DHT network: Start BitTorrent download without connecting to any tracker.
Auto Config ICF (Internet Connection Firewall) and ICS (Internet Connection Sharing) in Windows.
Auto Config UPNP port mapping in router (UPnP support is required in router).
Disabling or Setting Priority of files in torrent: Files can be skipped for downloading, or set to higher / lower priority, allowing you to select which file finish first.
Also support Multi-tracker, DHT, utf-8 extension, and UDP tracker Protocol v2.
HTTP/FTP Download
Innovative P2P Technology
P2P downloading: BitTorrent technology is integrated into HTTP/FTP download, with which BitComet automatically finds other clients and gets data from them to increase your download speed∩╝îwithout additional bandwidth usage of the HTTP server.
Intelligent File Rename: Automatic choose the best name for your download file.
Preview while Downloading: Preview of avi, rmvb, wmv and other video files is available during downloading process.
Quick Resume: Stopped download tasks can be resumed from where they left off from both HTTP and FTP servers.
Multi-Mirror download: Mirror servers are automatically found for the file being downloaded. Data from these servers are downloaded at the same time to increase download speed 300% or more.
Multi-Section download: Files are split into several sections which are downloaded at the same time to increase the download speed up to 500% or more.
Multi-Language Support: Multi-language web pages and encoded URLs can be correctly handled.
Download Management
Customization Available
Global and Per-Task Speed Limit, for Both Upload and Download.
Add tags to task, categorize tasks on the fly.
Bandwidth Scheduler and Automatic Shutdown.
Easy to Use and Free!
User-friendly and very easy-to-use, we try to hide every complicated terms behind the interface
BitComet does not contain any adware or spyware.
How to support us?
Support
Help Wiki: 
http://wiki.bitcomet.com/
Support Forum: 
http://www.cometforums.com/





v1.36 2013.5.2
GUI Bugfix: program crash occasionally when delete task
Core Improve: support Firefox 20