Artist: Bart Crow Band
Release: Dandelion
Released: 2012
Label: Smith Recording Group
Catalog#: SED7162
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue
Country: USA
Style: americana, country, red.dirt, texas.country



01. Little Bit Of Luck 2:36
02. Didn't Mean To Break Your Heart 3:54
03. First Of fall 4:38
04. Dandelion 3:52
05. Swing To The Radio 2:51
06. Cold Heart 5:04
07. If I Go, I'm Goin' (Feat. Macy Maloy) 4:32
08. Falling For You 3:51
09. Loving You's A Crime 2:45
10. Better Day 5:12
11. Busted 3:40
12. Miss You 3:24
13. Wasted Time 3:21
14. Thank You 3:36

Blessed with an identifiable voice, Bart Crow has been able to ascend in the tough Texas Dancehall and Honky Tonk scene, where going out and enjoying music on Saturday night rivals the passion for Football under the Friday Night Lights. Crow, who has released a trio of studio records and also a live recording (Brewster Street Live) to date, now has a brand new record for fans to purchase in Dandelion.

The album kicks off with the fiddle-drenched "A Little Bit of Luck," which is also the lead single to the record. A huge hit on the Texas Music Charts (#1 week of album release), "A Little Bit Of Luck" sweet love song with strong lyrics about how he wants to get out and have some fun with his wife and how their love together will cure any blues. And the album only continues to churn out hit worthy track after hit worthy track, from the Petty inspired melodies of "Didn't Mean To Break Your Heart" and the smoky, bluesy title track "Dandelion" to the heartbreaking ballad "If I go, I'm Going." The latter song, in particular recalls the recent successful duo The Civil Wars with guest vocalist Macy Maloy adding a duality to the cold hard truth of the lyric.

"Lovin' You's A Crime" has an instant likability to it that, when combined with the rest of this album showcases the artist that should be the next artist up on Major Country Label radar after the success of Eli Young Band (a similar sonic sound with a very different vocalist) and Josh Abbott Band.Dandelion was produced by Pat Green's friend and band member Justin Pollard and he helps ground this 14 track collection in an at times rocky but always rootsy base of melody, which is only accentuated by Crow's Texas meets Tom Petty vocal delivery.

Dandelion is one of those great under-the-radar albums that get better with each successive listen and is definitely worthy of playing over and over again, as I have done the past few weeks it's been on my desk and I suspect you will be doing the same thing should you choose to buy it, as well you should.