Title: Complete Collection of Chelsea Handler's Books

Author: Chelsea Handler

Book(s): 4

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Humour, Womens, Non-Fiction

Summary:

In this raucous collection of true-life stories, actress and comedian Chelsea Handler recounts her time spent in the social trenches with that wild, strange, irresistible, and often gratifying beast: the one-night stand.

You've either done it or know someone who has: the one-night stand, the familiar outcome of a night spent at a bar, sometimes the sole payoff for your friend's irritating wedding, or the only relief from a disastrous vacation. Often embarrassing and uncomfortable, occasionally outlandish, but most times just a necessary and irresistible evil, the one-night stand is a social rite as old as sex itself and as common as a bar stool.

Enter Chelsea Handler. Gorgeous, sharp, and anything but shy, Chelsea loves men and lots of them. My Horizontal Life chronicles her romp through the different bedrooms of a variety of suitors, a no-holds-barred account of what can happen between a man and a sometimes very intoxicated, outgoing woman during one night of passion. From her short fling with a Vegas stripper to her even shorter dalliance with a well-endowed little person, from her uncomfortable tryst with a cruise ship performer to her misguided rebound with a man who likes to play leather dress-up, Chelsea recalls the highs and lows of her one-night stands with hilarious honesty. Encouraged by her motley collection of friends (aka: her partners in crime) but challenged by her family members (who at times find themselves a surprise part of the encounter), Chelsea hits bottom and bounces back, unafraid to share the gritty details. My Horizontal Life is one guilty pleasure you won't be ashamed to talk about in the morning. - Goodreads Summary of My Horizontal Life (Chelsea Handler's first book)

Note: Recommendable for an older audience that enjoys quick wit and some hot stuff. Contains mature references and scenes, reader discretion is advised.

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Covers: Yes

Metadata: Yes

RELOADED: This torrent is a reload of the original for the purpose that it had belonged to the first generation of torrents MastermindTTA had uploaded. It lacked quality, and this torrent is improved with fresh covers, included good metadata and a [helpful] readme file. Plus, adds Book 4, The Lies That Chelsea Told Me, which was not in the original.

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!