Dead Space 3 Limited Edition (PC) (P2P)

Publisher: Electronic Arts
Release Date: Feb 4 2013
Brand: DEAD SPACE
Genre: Action, Adventure
Developer: Visceral

In Dead Space 3 Isaac Clark and stern soldier John Carver sent to space travel, to learn about the origin of the Necromorphs. After a hard landing on the ice planet Tau Volantis Isaac scouring the neighborhood in search of materials and components to create and modify weapons and their means of survival. In Isaac can eradicate the Necromorphs, but it needs to survive the storm, climbing to the top of the ice and other hazards of frozen planet.

The enemies are stronger than ever, but to fight for the survival of humanity can not only alone, but together with a friend. Each mode has its own story and gameplay nuances, and new technology allows you to quickly enter and exit the multiplayer game.

Features:

Team - up and take down the terror together: Play the full campaign in online co-op or single player. Easily drop in and drop out of play.
Experience - a hostile new environment: Head planet-side to discover underworld cities and accept side missions. Explore the frozen terrain and search abandoned encampments.
Embark - on a thrilling expedition to save mankind: Uncover the past, discover the source of the Necromorph terror and fight to fend off the extinction of the human race.

Minimum System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7
Processor: 2.8 GHz or equivalent or better
RAM: 1 GB (XP), 2 GB (Vista or Windows 7)
Hard Drive: 15 GB minimum plus space for saved games
Video Card: 256 MB VRAM and Shader Model 3.0, NVIDIA GeForce 6800 or better (7300, 7600 GS, and 8500 did not meet the minimum requirements of the game), ATI X1600 Pro or better (X1300, X1300 Pro and HD2400 do not meet minimum requirements of the game)
DirectX: 9.0c

Note: Integrated Chipsets may experience issues.

Install:

1. Unpack release with winrar or similar program to were you want the game to be as these are game files that are ready to use, the game folder will be called DS3 once you unpack them to the destination of your choice.
2. Then unpack the file 3dm-ds3.PROPER.rar which has 2 files in it directly to were you put the game and overwrite any existing files.
3. Then go into the game install location (were you put the game) and make a shortcut from the deadspace3.exe file to your desktop, so that you can launch the game from there instead of going back into the game install directory to load it.
4. Play the game and enjoy!