Brotherband is a trilogy of fantasy novels written by Australian author John Flanagan. The first book titled The Outcasts was released in Australia and the United States on 1 November 2011 and in New Zealand on 4 November 2011. The series is a spin-off from Flanagan's other, highly popular series Ranger's Apprentice, but it focuses on new Skandian characters.
 The Outcasts

 Hal Mikkelson is only half-Skandian, a fact that distances himself from most of his brotherband comrades. His father died on a raid and the closest thing he has to a friend is Stig and Thorn. His mother was an Araluen slave, to make matters worse. When he was sixteen, he entered brotherband training and was selected as the skirl for his group, the Herons. They win the training award, but as a reward to winning the award, the brotherband can help protect the Andomal for a night. The Andomal is Skandia's biggest treasure. It is a huge amber sphere with a reptilian paw in the middle believed to come from a dragon. However, the brotherband fail in their charge when a group of pirates lead by Zavac steal the treasure on the Herons' watch. In addition, Hal temporarily left his post to check on the condition of his ship (Heron), and his replacement fell asleep. Hence, the Herons were disqualified from the training competition, letting Tursgurd, Hal's enemy, win the prize. The brotherband then go after the pirates to get the Andomal back to redeem themselves.

 The Invaders

 Hal and his crew are chasing Zavac. After surviving a massive storm, they set out to continue their search for the pirates. They then camp at shelter bay for a few weeks, where they repair their ship and add the Mangler and the hull fin. Thorn also gives them battle drills. Afterward, they go to a small village to stock up on supplies. Meanwhile, Zavac and his crew invade Limmat, a town with a secret emerald mine to sell emerald. Even though it is fortified, Zavac overruns the town easily.

 While Hal is going back to shelter bay, he thinks he sees Wolfwind and sails south for a day. While heading back they find Lydia, a girl from Limmat who tells them of the pirate attack. Hal thinks it may be Zavac so he continues back to shelter bay. Wolfwind ambushes them but ends up helping them. The next day, they start sailing to Limmat, and when they arrive, they see Zavac's ship. Thus, they hide in the marshes where they find the town's soldiers. Hal forms a plan with the locals and when they attack it is a total success. After the attack Zavac slips away and cripples Wolfwind, but the ship survives.

 The Hunters

 Hal and his crew are pursuing Zavac, but there may be a struggle, as the murderous Zavac escaped to his fortified lair. But in the end Hal and his crew beat Zavac in a boat to boat duel