Douglas Hulick-Among Thieves-Tale of the Kin Book 1

Author: Douglas Hulick
Read by:  Kirby Heyborne
Edition: Unabridged.
Publisher: Tantor Media
Date: December 26, 2011

MP3, 44100kHz, 64kbps, Joint Stereo, CBR, 421MB, 15 hours 23 minutes

Book Description
----------------
Ildrecca is a dangerous city, if you don't know what you're doing. It takes a canny hand and a wary eye to run these streets and survive. Fortunately, Drothe has both. He has been a member of the Kin for years, rubbing elbows with thieves and murderers from the dirtiest of alleys to the finest of neighborhoods. Working for a crime lord, he finds and takes care of trouble inside his boss's organization-while smuggling relics on the side.But when his boss orders Drothe to track down whoever is leaning on his organization's people, he stumbles upon a much bigger mystery. There's a book, a relic any number of deadly people seem to be looking for-a book that just might bring down emperors and shatter the criminal underworld.A book now inconveniently in Drothe's hands...

About the Author
----------------
Douglas Hulick holds a B.A. and M.A. in medieval history with minors in history and anthropology and is a practitioner of Historical Western Martial Arts with a focus on early seventeenth-century Italian rapier combat. When not writing, he is a stay-at-home dad. Douglas lives with his wife and two sons in Minnesota. Kirby Heyborne is an accomplished actor, musician, and comedian. He has received critical acclaim for his starring roles in the award-winning World War II drama Saints and Soldiers, the lighthearted family comedy The R.M., the award-winning boy-band mockumentary The Sons of Provo, and the award-winning quixotic comedy Pirates of the Great Salt Lake. He has had starring roles in thirteen features and many short films. Kirby has also appeared on the WB's Everwood and many national commercials. Recently, Kirby was seen as a recurring character on the hit FOX sitcom Free Ride. Kirby has received a number of AudioFile Earphones Awards for excellence in audiobook narration. He has narrated such titles as Nick and Nora's Infinite Playlist by Rachel Cohn and David Levithan, Black Swan Green by David Mitchell, Breathers by S. G. Browne, and The Genius by Jesse Kellerman. Kirby is a cofounder and director of the celebrated Los Angeles-based improv comedy group The Society. Also a successful musician, Kirby has released four solo albums and has had his music featured in many films. Kirby has delighted audiences across the country with his ability to blend heart-warming stories, beautiful music, and comedic wit. 