Galaxy Angel II (πé«πâúπâ⌐πé»πé╖πâ╝πé¿πâ│πé╕πéºπâ½II Gyarakush─½ Enjeru Ts┼½?) is a sequel to the games, anime, and manga franchise of Galaxy Angel, and is the continuation of BROCCOLI's Project G.A.. It features a brand new cast of Angels called the Rune Angel Troupe, and according to the game Galaxy Angel II Zettai Ry┼ìiki no Tobira, is set 4 years after the end of the previous game, Galaxy Angel Eternal Lovers.
In this sequel, due to the development of a method to cross-dimensions at the end of Galaxy Angel Eternal Lovers, a new dimension called NEUE was discovered, which is linked to EDEN through a space called ABSOLUTE, a central hub to which all dimensions are linked. This hub cannot be operated by most people however, and currently, the only person who can is the Moon Angel Troupe's Milfeulle Sakuraba. Since the operation of the hub involves opening gates between different dimensions, those with the ability to do so are called "gate keepers". The new Rune Angel Troupe features Emblem Frames from NEUE and is the successor to the now disbanded Moon Angel Troupe.

The first game, Zettai Ry┼ìiki no Tobira (τ╡╢σ»╛θáÿσƒƒπü«μëë?), can be translated as "Door to the Absolute Area". Four years have passed since the heroe Tact Meyers and the Moon Angels defeated the Val Fask's ambition in the previous game. Now it has been found a new universe called "NEUE" and a new angel-team (all of them having some connection with the previous characters) has been formed to protect it from Verel, their new enemy, who will kidnap Milfeulle Sakuraba "the gate keeper" who is the one who can open the gate to ABSOLUTE. Most of the major cast from the original Galaxy Angel games make appearances in this game. Tact will be the new commander of Luxiole in spite of to leave as new commander of Elle Ciel to Lester Cooldaras and the new team will be led by Kazuya Shiranami the new male member.

Developer(s)	BROCCOLI
Platform(s)	PlayStation 2
Release date(s)	22 June 2006
Genre(s)	Visual Novel/Strategy Game

//Text above taken from Wikipedia

You'll need a PS2 emulator to play this, PCSX2 is a good one. The game is not translated, so unless you know Japanese, it's going to be tough. Still, I hope you can enjoy the game and please seed afterwards to keep the torrent alive :)

Big thank you to tiao101207 for the actual files, I'd never be able to play them or upload them without him &lt;3

Chaeck out my own YouTube channel for more GA content!

Again, please seed and enjoy!