-How To Build a Website With WordPress...Fast! [2nd Edition]

"Easily Build a Professional Website In 15 Minutes Using Our Simple Step-By-Step Guide"

    Do you need a simple training guide? This guide is simple.
    Are you short on time? This book is fast paced and easy to read!
    Do you learn better with pictures? This book is FULL of pictures.

Invest a few tax-deductible dollars in this easy-to-read eBook now! 

You need help with WordPress, and you need an easy step-by-step guide. This book will help you build a website fast. 

We'll teach you how to use WordPress to create potent money making websites that will boost your business fast!

Once you know the secrets, you'll laugh at how easy this is. This eBook is filled with screenshot images showing you exactly how we run the administration area of our website.

We'll Show You:

    How to pick the best domain names.
    How to pick the best hosting package. (#1 Source Recommended per WordPress.org)
    How to pick and install the BEST Wordpress Plugins.(Updated)
    Where to get amazing Wordpress Themes.
    How to easily customize your pages and create submenus. (Updated)
    How to customize your sidebar.
    How and where to get customand Twitter widgets for your website.
    How to effectively set up the recommended plugins. (Updated)
    How to write effective blog post/articles.
    How to upload pictures. (Updated)
    How to easily embed videos from YouTube.
    How to get blog comments. (Updated)
    How to manage blog comments. (Updated)
    How to get found on the FIRST PAGE OF GOOGLE! ($497.99 Value)


We'll Also Give You Simple Resources So You Can:

    Sell products online.(Updated Resources)
    Create an email list.
    Create squeeze pages to capture names and emails.
    Create membership websites. (Updated FREE Resource!)
    Create videos and slide shows for your website...plus a lot more.

    This book is designed for complete beginners!
    You will save countless hours and frustration by purchasing this book.
    Follow this step-by-step guide, and your website will go live within 15 minutes.

If you're new to using WordPress, this is the only book you need.

