  Skrillex - Triple Vinyl Box Set (2012) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 2012
  Genre: Electronic
  Style: Dubstep
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 3,200 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz

  A1 Rock N' Roll (Will Take You To The Mountain)
  A2 Scary Monsters And Nice Sprites
  A3 Kill Everybody

  B1 All I Ask Of You (Feat. Penny)
  B2 Scatta (Feat. Bare Noize And Foreign Beggars)
  B3 With You, Friends (Long Drive)

  C1 First Of The Year (Equinox)
  C2 Ruffneck (Flex)
  C3 Ruffneck (Full Flex)

  D1 Weekends!!! (Feat. Sirah)
  D2 Weekends!!! (Feat. Sirah)(Zedd Remix)

  E1 Right In
  E2 Bangarang (Feat. Sirah)
  E3 Breakn' A Sweat (Feat. The Doors)
  E4 The Devil's Den (Feat. Wolfgang Gartner)
  F1 Right On Time (Feat. 12th Planet And Kill The Noise)
  F2 Kyoto (Feat. Sirah)
  F3 Summit (Feat. Ellie Goulding)

  Sonny Moore found club and mainstream stardom beginning in 2008, when he swapped his gig as post-hardcore frontman for From First to Last and created the dancefloor-oriented project Skrillex. He originally used the name for live DJ sets, but in 2009 the project moved into the studio with Skrillex remixing the likes of Lady Gaga (“Bad Romance”) and Snoop Dogg (“Sensual Seduction”). In 2010, the self-released digital download EP My Name Is Skrillex appeared, combining the Benny Benassi and Deadmau5 styles of electro with the over the top samples and giant noises of acts like the Chemical Brothers and Fatboy Slim. Moore would sign with Deadmau5’s Mau5trap label that same year, where he would release his second EP, Scary Monsters & Nice Sprites, along with the club hit “Kill Everybody.” If topping the club charts didn't prove the producer had arrived, a 2011 appearance on the revived Beavis & Butthead television series did, along with his collaboration with the surviving members of the Doors called "Breakin' a Sweat." The recording of the track was captured in the documentary film RE:GENERATION, while the song itself landed on Skrillex's Bangarang EP, which appeared in early 2012.