The Kethradon Awakening : Starburst Pillar-13 and the Gifts of Rama: Recorded live in India, January 2005. The information in this workshop is as profound as it is thoroughly inspiring as the Guardian Alliance reveal some of the secrets about the Planetary E-Cou-Sha Memory Crystal, the E-Cou-Sha-TA Complex, the Rama Passage, the Keys of Rama and the Rod of Rama.

The intricacies of the “Starburst response” that is now upon us here on Earth are revealed along with the important role that Humans and Indigos play in guiding our planet safely through the next 7 to 10 years of this “Master Event”.

In this workshop, you will learn about the activities of our ancient forebears in Human Seeding One, who along with a Team of visiting EyanA and AdonA races prepared Earth for such a Starburst response should it occur during our contemporary times. The secret “data-base” of information left by these ancients is now being awakened as our Earth “calls to the keys” of this data-base in response to the Starburst.

These so called “Rama keys” have been stored in our genetic Time Code Template and as Earth awakens to call upon these keys, the Human and Angelic collectives will receive one of their loudest “wake-up calls” yet. In this workshop you will also learn about the role of the Indigo “Flame Runners” and “Star Riders” in initiating and sustaining a safe, buffered Starburst response. These are indeed important roles since without these Teams of Indigos consciously assisting this planet in this Starburst response, destruction of our races through activation of an uncontrolled Red-Pulse could potentially occur.

This workshop covers the intriguing history of the many Fallen and Kristiac Races involved in events that have lead to this current Earth “Master Event”, including the origins of the Fallen Budhara Shan-Tar-EL races and the Budhara Retrovirus or “Andromeda Plague”. It also explores the significance of the Taj Mahal and its Sacred connection to Ancient Human Seeding One and the Rama Passage Gate Interface System. The site upon which the contemporary Taj Mahal Tomb Complex (aka “generator hub”) is built is as significant as it is majestic in appearance and the role of this and other smaller tomb complexes is explored in relation to the current intergalactic drama.

Finally to transform this India workshop into an even more ‘rounded’ experience, there are two informative lectures presented by 2 guest speakers on the History of India, The Bhagavad Gita and Ayur-vedic Medicine.

Techniques in this workshop include: ‘Anchoring of the Flame of Ad-Don-dra Eckasha E-Cou-Sha Capsule’ which re-aligns the damaged Ketheric Kethradon Cell and begins removal of the effects of the Density-3 Metatronic Monadic Lens Cap “False-memory-Matrix” program (The Kethradon damage needs to be cleared to expedite a successful Rama Passage Host Buffered Starburst Response); Activating the Personal Ad-Don-Dra 360 Flame; The Lotus Bud Infusion and the wonderful E-Cou-Sha Crystal Breath Manifestation Seeding technique.
