This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in September 2008.


Connie Francis - Rocksides (1957-64) (1987)
 
http://static.rateyourmusic.com/album_images/s139260.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail).
All artwork in jpgs at 300 d.p.i. Rotated and cropped losslessly using jpegcrop. (Includes 12 page booklet.)
AMG Bio.txt
Notes.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

Bio Excerpt from All Music:

Connie Francis is the prototype for the female pop singer of today. At the height of her chart popularity in the late '50s and early '60s, Connie Francis was unique as a female recording artist, amassing record sales equal to and surpassing those of many of her post-rock era male contemporaries. Ultimately, she branched into other styles of music -- big band, country, ethnic, and more. She still challenges Madonna as the biggest-selling female recording artist of all time. Like Madonna, Concetta Rosemarie Franconero comes from an Italian American background. Francis started her music career at three, playing an accordion bought for her by her contractor father George. Her father's dream was not for his daughter to become a star, but for Francis to become independent of men as an adult with her own accordion school of music. At age ten, she was accepted on Startime, a New York City television show that featured talented child singers and performers. The show had no one else who played an accordion. Its host, legendary TV talent scout Arthur Godfrey, had difficulty pronouncing her name and suggested something "easy and Irish," which turned into Francis. After three weeks on Startime , the show's producer and Francis' would-be manager advised her to dump the accordion and concentrate on singing. Francis performed weekly on Startime for four years. ...

To read the entire bio: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:gifpxqe5ldke~T1

There is no review at All Music, only an empty entry: 
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:hifqxqy5ldde

Track List:

01. Eighteen
02. Happy Days And Lonely Nights
03. The Tiger And The Mouse
04. No One To Cry To
05. Oh, Frankie
06. Robot Man
07. It Would Still Be Worth It
08. No One
09. Dreamboat (He's My)
10. Baby Roo
11. He's Just A Scientist
12. Happy New Year Baby
13. Someone Else's Boy
14. Gonna Git That Man
15. Hollywood
16. Thanks A Lot For Everything
17. Whatever Happened To Rosemarie+
18. Look At Him
19. My Best Friend Barbara
20. Tommy
21. Looking For Love
22. Don't Ever Leave Me
23. No Better Off
24. Waiting For You
