


POtHS - Creation 60


Origins - Part 4




POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description:

POtHS - Creation - 60 - Origins - Part 4


Evolution Roadblocks Creation Support
Fearfully and Wonderfully Made
Formed to Fly dinosaur - bird evolution refuted
God's Girders - Bones
Human Cloning
In Search of Intelligent Design
Magnetic Fields
Mars Venus and Creation
Our Created Moon
Persuaded by the Evidence
Science The Whole Story

Origins:

Watch as scientists, researchers and authors share relevant facts and thought-provoking evidence supporting creation.  Join us for Cornerstone TeleVision's unique program entitled, ORIGINS, and then decide for yourself the truth about your human origins.  These new programs seen on Cornerstone Television Network and our affiliates throughout the world, continue to offer a forum to use scientific evidence to validate the truth of creation.

Donn Chapman reminds us,
“It’s God’s view that He created you… and that should be your worldview too!”

Part 3 - This download includes the following TV episodes, 30 min. each:
Evolution Roadblocks_ Creation Support
Fearfully and Wonderfully Made - Part 1 & 2 with Dr. David Menton
Formed to Fly with Dr David Menton (dinosaur - bird evolution refuted)
God's Girders - Bones & Skeletons Part 1 & 2 with Dr. David Menton
Human Cloning with Dr. Brad Harrub
In Search of Intelligent Design
Magnetic Fields - part 1 & 2 with Dr. D. Russell Humphreys
Mars, Venus and Creation with Dr. Danny Faulkner
Our Created Moon with Dr. Donald DeYoung
Persuaded by the Evidence with Dr  Jerry Bergman
Science, The Whole Story

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.



           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 



