POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

End Times



POtHS - End Times - 28 - Consent of The Governed HD - They Decieved USa to get our Consent to Rule USa



POtHS says: Here is some truth for you. The ONLY Control "They" have is what we have given them. All because of a bunch of crybaby LIBERAL Parasites running around lying to Masses Through The Brain Washing in Television, Movies and our Public School system. The decay of America and The World was done "legally" (Mans Law) with "OUR CONSENT" This downfall of Mankind has been planned for 1000's of years. The Bible Warned us, We ignored what the Bible told us what to do and this is what we voted for - The Lessor of 2 dEvils. Man made "Religion" is what we have put into office to Rule USa.

Description:

CONSENT of the Governed  - The Freeman Movement Defined - HD
Constitutional Principles  Consent of the Governed
Slavery By Consent
Andrew Napolitano - Consent of The Governed
CISPA cyber bill resurrected in Congress
WE ARE POLICED by CONSENT - How much proof do you need


--------------------------------------------------------------
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
