Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 

Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 - Faster, better, just perfect

Let your pictures shine!

Enhancing and optimizing your photos with just one click has never been easier! 

Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 impresses with its brand new look. The user interface underwent a “facelift”. It is now structured and arranged more clearly, which allows you to start with the optimization of your photos right away. A long search for your desired function or favorite effect is a thing of the past! Those functions and effects can now be accessed instantly, as the program allows you to integrate up to 6 of your favorite functions directly within the user interface to keep them handy anytime. 

The Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 is the intelligent tool for that certain something in your photos! All functions are clearly arranged and easily accessible. This allows you to achieve amazing results right from the start. Add brilliance and refinement to your pictures in just a few clicks!

Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 impresses with its brand new look. The user interface underwent a “facelift”. It is now structured and arranged more clearly, which allows you to start with the optimization of your photos right away. 

A long search for your desired function or favorite effect is a thing of the past! Those functions and effects can now be accessed instantly, as the program allows you to integrate up to 6 of your favorite functions directly within the user interface to keep them handy anytime. 

The most remarkable features at a glance

Quick

One-click optimization for bright and brilliant photos
Conversion of photos into a desired format
Optimization of several pictures with one click
Red eye removal

Easy-to-use

Clearly structured user interface
Explorer-like image viewer
Freely adjustable before / after view

Sensational

Aging of images
Creation of stamps
Inversion of colors
Change in sharpness

Safe

Automatic backup
Watermarking of photos
Selection of meta data for more anonymity

Social

Share images with friends onPicasa etc.
Send pictures by e-mail
Select images directly from a camera

System Requirements:

Operating System:
Windows® XP, Windows Vista®, Windows® 7, Windows® 8

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the operating systems above.
Graphics card: min. resolution 1024 x 768 with 1 MB memory and 16-bit color (high color)
Recommended: resolution 1280 x 1024 or better, true color

RAM and disk space:
1 GB RAM or more, hard disk space 75 MB

CPU:
1500 MHz (or higher) x86/x64 CPU

Software: 
Microsoft .Net 4.0 Framework

Homepage: http://www.ashampoo.com

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Run "Regme" and merge it to system registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
