
                         -=- Proudly Presents -=-

                          H.A.W.X. 2 (c) Ubisoft


Release On   : 19 February 2013       Disk Amount/Format : 1 DVD9
Type of Game : Action                 Media Protection   : UBI DRM


Release Information:

So have you. As a member of the ultra-secret H.A.W.X. 2 squadron, you
are one of the chosen few, one of the truly elite. You will use finely
honed reflexes, bleeding-edge technology and ultra-sophisticated
aircraft   their existence denied by many governments   to dominate the
skies.

You will do so by mastering every nuance of the world s finest combat
aircraft. You will slip into enemy territory undetected, deliver a
crippling blow and escape before he can summon a response. You will use
your superior technology to decimate the enemy from afar, then draw him
in close for a pulse-pounding dogfight. And you will use your steel
nerve to successfully execute night raids, aerial refuelings and more.

You will do all this with professionalism, skill and consummate
lethality. Because you are a member of H.A.W.X. 2. and you are one of
the finest military aviators the world has ever known.

Key Features

DEVASTATE YOUR ENEMIES WITH PROTOTYPE TECHNOLOGY
Use all your skills to command an astonishing array of cutting-edge
technology and overwhelming firepower, delivered by tomorrow s finest
combat aircraft. From the F-35 s vectored thrust capability to the
ultra-secret Enhanced Reality System, you ll light up the skies with a
suite of experimental technology available only to a chosen few.

AIR WARFARE BROUGHT TO THE NEXT LEVEL
Fly as an elite tactical aviator
Go head-to-head in close-range dogfights
Take off and land on bases and carriers
Sweat through night precision bombing
Track your targets using silent UAV s then strike from above
Use air-to-air refueling in the middle of missions

GET UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL TO THE WAR OF TOMORROW
See the enemy s canopy shatter as your cannon shreds his aircraft. Feel
the thundering impact of your laser-guided bombs as you roar close
overhead. War may not be pretty, but it sure looks impressive.

PROVE YOUR METTLE ABOVE THE WORLD S MOST FAMOUS LOCATIONS
From Moscow to the Persian Gulf, from the Arctic Circle to the Indian
Ocean, actual high-resolution GeoEye  commercial satellite imagery
ensures an astonishing degree of realism.


Burn/mount, install, copy crack, play!

Remember to block game from internet.

You can also let the game auto update itself on first run, then after copy
crack, your choice :P


Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO


                                                                  (C) E/dfs
                         " SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "
[/pre]