Storm Warning (1951)
Starring Ronald Reagan
         Ginger Rogers
         Doris Day
     and Steve Cochran

directed by Stuart Heisler

IMDb:  tt0044075

A recent upload here featured Richard Burton in a film called The Klansman (1974.)  Storm Warning is also about the KKK in America.  That's why it's significant to note all the stars who headline in it.  It is not a lightweight film.  No singing, no dancing: straight drama.  These stars put their name on this film which could have easily meant career trouble.

Here is the IMDb description:

En route to a job, New York based model Marsha Mitchell decides to stop for less than 24 hours in the southern American town of Rock Point to visit her sister, Lucy Rice, who she has not seen in two years, and meet Lucy's husband, Hank Rice, for the first time. 

Upon arriving in Rock Point, Marsha witnesses a Ku Klux Klan slaying of who she would later learn is Walter Adams, an out of town reporter who was going to write an exposé on the Klan. Marsha even saw two of the men's faces after they removed their hoods, but they didn't see Marsha. Upon later arriving at Lucy's house, Marsha is shocked to see that Hank was one of the Klansmen committing the murder, he being a Klansman of which Lucy is unaware. Marsha decides to confront Hank and Lucy about what she saw. 

Meanwhile, county prosecutor Burt Rainey knows that the Klan committed the murder, everyone in town is aware that the Klan committed the murder, but Rainey knows that no one will come forward to implicate the Klan for what they see is the good of the town. He is also aware that Marsha would have been in the area when the murder was committed and wants to talk to her and hope that being an outsider will allow her to speak freely if she did indeed see anything. Marsha has to decide what to say to Rainey specifically taking into account how best to protect her and Lucy's welfare, which includes the fact that Lucy is pregnant with Hank's baby. Written by Huggo 

--

There's a lot going on in the film and Steve Cochran should be noted.  He also turns up in another of my favorite noirs called "Private Hell Number 36" with Ida Lupino and Howard Duff.

I found this in my library with the smiling face of the former US president on the DVD box.  Nothing prepared me for the fact and content of the film.  It is very memorable.


Notes written January 8th 2013





