Hannibal S01E09 XviD [JKS]
.
Video
XviD
Length: 42:02
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 404
Data rate: 705kbps
Total bitrate: 833kbps
Frame rate: 29 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 128kbps
Channels:  2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
---------
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
---------
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
---------
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 09
Title: Trou Normand  Directed by: Guillermo Navarro  Written by: Steve Lightfoot    Original air date: May 23, 2013
...
A totem pole of human bodies ranging from freshly killed to decades old are found on a beach and while Graham is investigating the crime scene, he suddenly finds himself in Lecter's office, three and a half hours away, with no recollection of how he got there. Lecter theorizes that Graham's mind is trying to escape from having to investigate such brutal murders. Freddie Lounds convinces Abigail Hobbs to let her write a book about Abigail and her father, which is met with grave concern from Graham and Lecter. The body of Nicholas Boyle (whom Abigail had accidentally killed) re-surfaces and with it re-emerge Crawford's suspicion that Abigail knows more than she is letting on. The freshest totem pole victim is identified as Joel Summers, who had been adopted as a child by Fletcher Marshall, the oldest body on the pole. The killings are traced to Summers's biological father, Lawrence Wells (Lance Henriksen), who confesses that he created the totem pole as a kind of retirement plan. Prison would be a luxury compared to the only nursing homes he could afford to live in. Graham examines Boyle's body and deduces that he was killed by Abigail. He confronts Lecter, who reveals that he helped Abigail hide the body in order to protect her future. Graham reluctantly agrees to keep her secret so that she won't inherit her father's brutal legacy. Abigail herself reveals an even greater secret to Lecter: that she actually did, as Crawford suspected, know who her father really was and even helped him to procure his victims by befriending the young girls.