

Classically trained dancer severely bent, skull fucked, pushed air tight! Brutal fucking, cumming! | Nikki Darling | Matt Williams

March 20, 2013 

 
MP4 and iPod + Pics.    
    
 
Welcome the beautiful, talented, sexy, tiny, flexible, Nikki Darling to Sexually Broken. With a tight tiny ass, thick hard nipples and a throat that can take a serious fucking, Nikki fits right in. 

Severely bound and arched over a back breaker, Nikki find herself stuck in the perfect position for rough, hard sex. The collar is locked to the custom metal bondage device, so Nikki's pretty mouth is stuck at cock level. Her ankles and wrists are connected creating a beautiful arch of this dancers rock hard body. We add oil and water, her 12 pack abs are glistening under the lights. Nikki is completely helpless and at our mercy.

With blood rushing to her head from being bent so far back, we quickly make her cum with the vibrator. She can't help herself, so we jam a 10 1/2" black cock down her throat and make her cum some more. Fighting for air while cumming sends Nikki quickly to subspace and we pour on the intensity. 

A hard cock slides into her shaved, oiled pussy and we fuck our helpless dancer air-tight. One cock all the way down her throat, another cock banging on the doors to her cervix. This is rough sex at it's best and Nikki is in survival mode as orgasm after orgasm is fucked out of her helpless body. Back and forth the men move, switching up their attacks, never letting Nikki "get on top of it". We fuck her to the ground, give her a rough deep throating to the balls, all the while she's stuck in that back breaking position.

After cumming so hard and so often from getting fucked and throated, we pull out the vibrator and drive Nikki out of her mind. We make her cum over and over, letting her fight, scream and beg for mercy. We're having way too much fun to stop. In the end, Nikki is left with liquid dripping out of every hole. She is dazed, cum drunk, and lost in subspace. This is Sexually Broken at its best.  
 

Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/03_20ndarling2/SexuallyBroken-Nikki-Darling-Matt-Williams-Classically-trained-dancer-severely-bent-skull-fucked-pushed-air-tight-Brutal-fucking-cumming.php

10 000 uploads and counting, 11k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  


