WinAVI iPhone Data Recovery

The iPhone Data Recovery is a fantastic data rescue tool, which provides you with an easy and completed way to restore your data. There is no need to be panic anymore when you accidentally delete your precious photos and contact information. WinAVI iPhone Data RecoveryΓÇÖs 1st Version mainly concentrates on two urgent needs of iPhone users, Photo Recovery and Contacts Recovery. More functions are on the way. WinAVI iPhone Data Recovery is the best iPhone data recovery tool in the world.

Key Features:

Fully compatible with all models and Windows OS.
Auto-scanning, indexing and searching.
Preview enabled before restoring.
Files sorted by size and Contacts from A-Z.
Easy-to-operate and user-friendly interface.
Recover and export your iPhone contacts to vCard(.vcf) file.
What's new?
Recover and Export lost or deleted iPhone Message to .xml file function added.
Recover and Export lost or deleted call history from iPhone.

Feature Details:

All iPhone Models and Windows OS are supported
No matter what you are using, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS or previous versions, this tool enables you to preview and then restore the contacts and photos according to your needs.

Fantastic iPhone Contacts & Photo Recovery tool
The loss of information such as photos and contacts stored in your iPhone is devastating to every user. This software could be your safety precaution method against information loss. The two main functions are designed to meet the most common needs of iPhone users, photo recovery and contacts recovery.

uto-scanning, indexing are enabled, so is preview
This software enables auto-scanning, indexing and searching. Before recovery, you can preview the files with ease in that files can be sorted by size and the contact information can be viewed from A-Z alphabetically.

Easy-to-operate and user-friendly interface
You do not need to be an iPhone geek to manage your own iPhone data recovery. This tool will provide you a refreshing experience for its user-orientated concept and delicate design. You will know what you are doing and you will do it just fine by yourself.

System requirements:

iPhone Data Recovery:

OS Supported:Windows 2003/XP/Vista/7
CPU: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above
RAM: 512MB RAM or higher recommended
20 MB of free disk space.

Homepage: http://www.winavi.com/iphone-data-recovery/index.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Register application with any email/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.