Fission 2.1.3 + Crack.

Fast & lossless audio editing
Crop and trim audio, paste in or join files, or just rapidly split one long file into many. Fission is streamlined for fast editing. Plus, it works without the quality loss caused by other editors, so you can get perfect quality audio even when editing MP3 and AAC files.

If you need to convert formats, Fission can do that too! You can rapidly export or batch convert files to the MP3, AAC, Apple Lossless, FLAC, AIFF, and WAV formats.

Fission 2.1.3 
Released May 7, 2013 
For Mac OS X 10.6.0 - 10.8.3

NEWEST Features

Tons of Tweaks
Support for MP3 CBR & VBR, HE-AAC, direct import from iTunes, bug fixes, and much, much more.
Fully Retina Ready
Fission 2.1 has been updated for full Retina support. Get gorgeous!


New in Fission 2

A Whole New Look
Fission's interface has been updated to make it easier, more fun to use, and a joy to behold.	
 

Cross-Format Exporting
Edit an AIFF file, then save it to MP3. Edit FLAC and save to AAC. You can now export to any supported format.

Share to SoundCloud
When you're done editing, you can publish your audio directly to a SoundCloud account. Sharing is a snap! 
 

Multiple Windows
Want to edit multiple audio files at once or just copy and paste between files? With Fission 2, you can! 
 

Batch File Conversion
Using the new Batch Converter, you can transcode dozens of files between audio formats, with just a few clicks.

FLAC Audio Support
Fission now has full support for opening, editing, and saving FLAC audio files. 
  
 

Modes Be Gone
Editing used to mean switching between Inspect, Select, and Split modes. Fission 2 provides access to all controls, all the time.

Chapterized AAC Files
If you need to make an enhanced podcast with AAC chapters, Fission will have it done in no time flat. 
 

WAV, Too
In addition to adding support for FLAC, Fission now supports reading, editing, and saving WAV audio files as well.
Key Features

Easy Editing
Trim, split, fade in and out, all with a few simple clicks. Fission is designed with simplicity in mind.

Export to Any Format
Fission can now save any file directly to MP3, AAC, Apple Lossless, FLAC, AIFF, or WAV.

Quick Audio Removal
Cutting out audio couldn't be easier, with Fission's easy selection and cropping.

Native Format Support
Edit natively, with no quality loss, in the MP3, AAC, Apple Lossless, AIFF, and WAV formats.

Batch Converter
Fission's Batch Converter lets you quickly convert multiple files between audio formats.

No Quality Loss Required
Yes, Fission can edit lossily compressed MP3 and AAC files without re-encoding, so you never lose quality.
Common Uses

iPhone Ringtones
Edit audio down, then choose "Save as iPhone Ringtone" to get ringtones & text tones for the iPhone.

Split Up LPs
Take one long file, such as a recorded LP, and split it into individual songs. 
 

Remove Commercials
Trim out unwanted ads and other bits from recordings made in Audio Hijack Pro, Piezo, or other apps.

Edit Podcasts
Record a podcast with Audio Hijack Pro, then edit it down in Fission.

Convert Digital Albums
Convert digital downloads from large-file formats like FLAC to more portable formats.

Create Enhanced Podcasts
Even better, create Enhanced Podcasts, with chapterized AAC files. It couldn't be simpler.
Fast and Powerful Editing

Crop It Out
Got a small portion of audio to save? Highlight it, click Crop and you're done.

File Joining
With a simple drag and drop or copy and paste, you can join two or more files.

Smart Split
Automatically split files based on silence - perfect for LP and DVD recordings.

Inline Gain Adjustment
Highlight a section of audio then adjust the gain with the Gain slider.

Trim Audio Out
Highlight unwanted audio, then press delete - that's it.
 

Fade Away
Fade audio in and out to create pleasing transitions.

Why be Normal?
Give audio files a constant volume level with the Normalize function.

Split Points
With Fission's Split Points, you can split and save to get multiple files.

Precise Splits
Move split points by dragging exactly where you like, or add by timestamp.
Many More Features

Edit iTunes Downloads
If you buy songs from the iTunes Music Store, Fission can help losslessly edit it.

Cue Sheet Support
Split files using cue sheets, or export your edits to a cue sheet file.