Every serious fitness enthusiast knows that nutrition is the most important part of building an impressive, ripped, muscular physique.

Let's face it, even if you are on the best training program possible and take all the best supplements, your muscles won’t grow by themselves and the fat is not going to fall off magically. Food will make your muscles grow and burn that stubborn belly fat. Without nutritious food in the right quantities, even the most intense workout or cardio session is worthless. That’s as simple as that.

And, even though we all know this, preparing and eating meals is almost always the most overlooked and neglected area of our lives. We always go for the easy option by spending tons of money in pre-made meals, take-out food and meal replacement drinks.

It’s not long before we crave junk food, we start cheating and eating everything on site that is tasty. Why? Because we had nothing healthy and tasty prepared in advance. Nothing that could match the satisfaction of eating something that tastes so good that you want more...

And you’re not the one to blame...Who the hell can live exclusively on boiled chicken breasts, baked potatoes and broccoli?

I bet that you know exactly what I’m talking about, right?

Other problems people face is the misconceptions surrounding cooking, eating and preparing meals for Bodybuilding and Fitness.

Top 5 Misconceptions About Cooking and Eating for Bodybuilding and Fitness:

#1 You are convinced that bodybuilding and fitness nutrition must be plain, boring and taste terrible. 

#2 You don’t think that there is such thing as a delicious meal that will taste like something you’d eat at a restaurant and promote muscle building and fat loss at the same time 

#3 You think that you are incapable of cooking, and you don’t feel confident and comfortable enough in the kitchen to prepare tasty meals 

#4 You think it is going to take all of your precious time to make a full week’s worth of meals, and that eating pre-package food and take out will be a real time-saver. 

#5 You are worried and absolutely positive that a trip to the grocery store will cost you an arm and a leg. 


Is this list familiar? Don't worry, you are not the only one. 

You know, I never always was “The Muscle Cook”, In fact, when I started training seriously for bodybuilding, I was very insecure in the kitchen, always scared, fearing that my meals would end up tasting like cardboard. I was also told that a bodybuilder should eat plain food to get big and ripped (couldn’t have been more far from the truth...) 

I did not know how to prepare many healthy and delicious meals at all. I was eating a lot of packaged food, eating take-out and I would cheat on my “diet” more than often just because I needed to get something tasty in my mouth.  

But, I was in complete denial, I would make excuses for my lack of progress and the fact that I just couldn’t build the ripped muscular physique that I always dreamt of. I was blaming everything (my training, stress from school/work, supplements not working, etc...) but the real reason : my poor nutrition! 

And then I came across my mentor... a bodybuilder who had a different vision about muscle building nutrition... A man who was convinced that “dieting” for bodybuilding and fitness doesn’t have to be boring... 

He helped me improve my poor diet around and make the most phenomenal body transformation I could ever dream of... Simply by teaching me how to cook healthy and tasty meals in order to achieve my goals. He thought me the secrets of cooking healthy muscle-building meals that promotes lean muscle mass gains, rapid fat loss of fat, and top athletic performances. 

In this book you will find:

More than 200 "Anabolicious" recipes, all full of flavours, designed to promote muscle building and fat loss, and that you can prepare in minutes. In fact those recipes are so easy to make, even a 10 year-old can do it! 

Done-For-You Meal Plans : I will tell you what to eat, when to eat, and how to prepare all your meals, with the complete shopping list and full step-by-step directions. All that supported by my Best Nutrient Timing Strategies 

Anabolic Cooking and Nutrition Fundamentals: everything that a person involved in bodybuilding or fitness MUST know about nutrition. You will know exactly what’s in the food your eating! 

A Virtual Cooking Class: learn how to read a recipe, the different cutting techniques and cooking methods, completed with the Anabolic Cooking Glossary. All you need to know to get started cooking will be covered from A to Z! 

Tips to prepare ALL your meals for the week in less than 3 hours! 




My Best Post-Workout nutrition secrets and tactics to optimize your results as well as by best Post-Workout shake recipes 


Money Saving Tips: Stop wasting your money! Learn all my tips and tricks about smart grocery shopping. I’m going to show you how to fit the food you need into your budget, and demonstrate that eating the right food is in reality way cheaper than you think! 

How to build your Anabolic Cooking Kitchen on a budget, and all the tools you will need to prepare your meals and become the best cook in the family! 


How to manage your cheat meals and my action plan when you are eating out 


 Stop wasting your time listening to all the bodybuilding and fitness nutrition nonsense, instead get started today learning how to make your own mouth-watering meals that will once and for all give you the opportunity to stick to a nutrition plan specific to your goals and get finally the results and body you deserve! 


For more information please visit: