


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Biblical Times



POtHS - Biblical Times - 18 - Testament - The Bible in Animation



POtHS says: This is good for all ages.

Description:

Miraculous and astounding...Tragic and amusing...Epic and heart-warming...

Testament brings the amazing versatility of animation to the irresistible imagery of stories which have excited and influenced people for centuries. Back by popular demand and now on DVD; nine of the Old Testament tales are retold, using illustrations which draw on the great religious works of art, the latest innovations in computer and puppet technology, and the imaginations of the world's leading animators.

From the grandeur of Creation and the Flood, through the epic stories of Abraham, Moses and Elijah, the family drama of Joseph and his brothers, the personal quests of David against Goliath, Daniel in the lion's den and Jonah inside the whale, to the intimate love story of Ruth, power and emotion is fired by a rich variety of animation techniques with the result that this x2 DVD set will inspire, encourage, educate and entertain.

Also available are great resources for schools and churches to help engage viewers with the stories.
View the downloadable resources

Featuring the voices of top British actors including John Alderton, Robert Hardy and Simon Callow.

Written by Christian authors including Murray Watts, Nigel Forde and Brian Sibley.
9 Episodes: Total running time: 232 minutes

   Episode 1: Creation and Flood (25 mins)
   Episode 2: Abraham (25 mins)
   Episode 3: Moses (27 mins)
   Episode 4: Jonah (26 mins)
   Episode 5: Ruth (25 mins)
   Episode 6: Elijah (27 mins)
   Episode 7: Joseph (26 mins)
   Episode 8: David & Saul (27 mins)
   Episode 9: Daniel (24 mins)

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
