Download Accelerator Plus (DAP) is the world’s leading download manager, allows you to download up to 300% faster* with increased reliability, resume support and errors recovery. It searches for mirror sites that most effectively serve your downloads through multiserver connections for optimal utilization of dial-up or broadband connections. DAP automatically recovers from shutdowns, lost connections, and other errors.

It is fully integrated into Netscape, Internet Explorer, and Opera, Mozilla/Firefox and offers a toolbar for Internet Explorer with a links catcher and a highlighter, providing the best possible performance from ANY Internet connection (dial-up, cable, DSL / ADSL, T1 etc.), allowing a Faster and more Reliable download experience. It features auto-hang-up after downloading, proxy settings, scheduling, and a unique AlwaysResume service.  Download Accelerator Plus Premium v10.0.5.3 Final links Below:

It is fully integrated into Netscape, Internet Explorer, and Opera, Mozilla/Firefox and offers a toolbar for Internet Explorer with a links catcher and a highlighter, providing the best possible performance from ANY Internet connection (dial-up, cable, DSL / ADSL, T1 etc.), allowing a Faster and more Reliable download experience. It features auto-hang-up after downloading, proxy settings, scheduling, and a unique AlwaysResume service.

DAP is powered by patented multi-channel technology and automated mirror search, and has been recognized for delivering significantly faster download speeds. Come take a look at all the amazing features of DAP. Getting started with DAP is simple. Just install DAP on your computer, download the same way you always have, and watch as your file download speed is significantly improved. Download Accelerator Plus Premium v10.0.5.3 Final links Below:

FEATURES:
Download Speed – Download files as fast as possible:
Proven – advanced patented technology
Trusted – Over 165 million installs (users)
Recognized – World Economic Forum 2008 Technology Pioneer
Download Security – Download safer as you see what the leading security programs say about your files
Pause & Resume – Continue broken or paused downloads
Video Preview – Watch previews of videos as they download
Broadband Optimization – Get the most from high speed internet connections
File Shredder – Completely shred and destroy files
Trace Cleaner – Remove download traces from your computer
Private Folder – Lock, hide, and protect your downloads
ZIP Preview – Preview and extract Zip files as they download

Video Expansions:
SpeedBit Video Downloader – Download YouTube / web videos to your computer
SpeedBit Video Accelerator – Expansion to watch YouTube / web videos without pauses and buffering

Other DAP Features:
Preview panel – Preview downloads of Music and Video files
Download list – Advanced management of downloads queues, priorities and statuses
File Information pane – Advanced information of downloaded files and sources
Completed downloads list – Separate list of completed downloads
DAP Drive integration – Save downloads and Upload files to DAP Drive web storage
Media Center Tab – Conveniently manage your media files
Superior Usability – New interface with flexible design options
Integrates with all browsers – Internet Explorer, Netscape, Opera, Mozilla/Firefox
Unleash the full power of DAP. Go Premium and receive Extreme Acceleration, comprehensive privacy features, advanced downloading tools, and the best download experience available.

See what you get with DAP Premium:
Premium Acceleration. Unleash the full power of DAP! Download files with Extreme Acceleration, downloading with up to ten connections at once. DAP Premium provides the fastest possible download speeds.
Premium Privacy Tools. Keep your privacy with DAP Premium. Shred files beyond recovery with DAP’s File Shredder and remove download traces with Trace Cleaner for confidential downloading. Lock and hide your files in a Private Folder to keep them protected.
Premium Download Experience. DAP Premium gives you powerful download tools. Use ZIP Preview to view and extract ZIP files as you download; Password Manager stores your download passwords to keep things simple.
Premium Support. With DAP Premium you will receive priority Gold Support so you will always have the help you need. You will also receive one year of SpeedBit Upgrade Coverage so you will always have the most up to date version of DAP.
Premium File Transfer. Use Advanced FTP tools for more powerful FTP downloading. Access two or more FTP sites simultaneously; browse FTP sites and view remote files even without downloading them.

Only with DAP Premium:
Extremely faster – x10 connections per download!
Absolutely no advertisements!
Totally customized download experience!
Shredder to totally eliminate files you don’t need!
Trace Cleaner -keep your privacy after browsing!
Preview & extract zip files while downloading!
Cool new look, more comfortable management features!

Fixed Issues & Improvements for version 10.0.5.3:
New “Auto Resume” feature – DAP will automatically resume downloads that stopped due to a broken internet connection.
New Download and Convert Video – Easily download and convert Videos from our browser
Some general bug fixes and enhancements
Homepage: http://www.speedbit.com/