A couple of videos from the "Extreme CFNM" website (aka Loverboys USA) in MPG format. If you want more of this let me know.

Screens:
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=235uk2sspw3ydfqn9gk6.jpg 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=utbzz7zi7vnb73mad8b7.jpg

Episode 185 - It's about time we seen some naked CFNM strippers - Part 1 (14:50)

This party takes place in Northampton, England. A truly crazy party was had by all. From the very beginning of the show the women were sucking cock, you would think they have never had any before! Our first CFNM stripper pulls a Milf up on stage where she continues to oil him up then show her friends how to give a stranger a hand job in public, It went down a treat. He then moves into the rest of the crowed, again there are plenty of horny women willing to suck and wank off all the cock they can get. By the time our first stripper has finished his act the women are completely wild and up for anything. The party then kicks into high gear with the introduction of our second lad. Already naked he swiftly moves in amongst the audience,where he has no problem slipping his hard cock into a few mouths, the other members of the crowed go wild whilst seeing this. A few of the ladies are happy to flash their tits to the camera, this sort of action truly reflect the mood of the evening. Onstage one of the women lay on the floor where she gets fucked in the mouth, while all the others look on. 

Episode 186 - It's about time we seen some naked CFNM strippers - Part 2 (14:04)

Continuing on from last week we are back in Northampton, England, to end the evening, we then move onto out next show in Oxford.
Straight into the action our last stripper of the evening throws a blode over his shoulder laying her on the floor he slips is cock into her mouth for a good old blowjob Mmmm Nice!
Oxford turns out to be a lot of fun too. Our first lad naked and oiled has a few attractive younger girls giving him a handjob, this always surprises the Mothers when the daughters do this, Us too! By mid point of the evening the ladies are well and truly wild, there inhibitions slowly disappear, so whats the harm in sucking a few cocks? It's hard to understand what they are thinking when they suck a strangers cock, I suppose they rely on the fact their friends will not tell anyone, never mind the camera hay! The handjobs are in steady flow, all in all the show turned out to be surprisingly dirty, it's not what you would expect from the an upper class area of England, What!

