Mystic India.2005.DVD5_Uncomp_The Making of The Incredible Journey of Inspiration DDR

CAST:- 
Letesh Patel
Rupak Mehta
45,000 Extras

Producers - BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha
Director - Keith Melton
Music Composer - Pandit Ronu Majumdar & Sam Cardon

Soundtrack music in MP3s are included


ABOUT THE MOVIE:- Mystic India (2005) The Epic Journey
Mystic India rediscovers India, a land of many mysteries and fascinations, the one land that all desire to see. Home of the Himalayas, the tallest mountains, India is our world's largest and oldest democracy, and contains an amazing wealth of wisdom, culture and spirituality. And within this earliest civilization known to mankind, lie hidden mystical secrets. It lies hidden in India’s silent spirituality, making her a mystic land of meditation, contemplation and enlightenment.

For thousands of years, many have willingly left the comforts of their home and family and set off across this spiritual land in search of these secrets. Their aim has been to reach a deeper understanding of existence and share the meaning of life that would elevate the rest of humanity. Of all such journeys, perhaps none is greater than the true story of an 11-year old child yogi, Neelkanth, who took an extraordinary journey through the wonders of mystic India. An adventure of hardships and survival, faith and fearlessness undertaken by a child. The only one of its kind in the history of mankind.
  	  	
From 1792 to 1799, Neelkanth walked alone, barefoot and barebody, 8000 miles for 7 years through the length and breadth of India. Carrying no maps, no food and no clothing, how he crossed the roaring rivers, faced ferocious animals and survived the freezing winter of the Himalayas, is still a mystery. It is a story of struggle, of kindness and of courage even when face to face with a man-eating lion.

Mystic India takes you through icy peaks to the cool blue Lake Mansarovar, into the wild jungles of Sunderbans and the rainforests of Assam, through barren deserts and to the silent shores of South India. Explore and learn from the majesty and mysticism of India's art and architecture, music and dance, faces and festivals, customs and costumes which are brought to life on the giant screen.

This entertaining, educating and enlightening giant screen film rediscovers India, a land of many mysteries and fascinations. It is the world’s first large format epic on India. A period film set 200 years back in time, it retraces the incredible journey of an 11-year old child yogi, Neelkanth. In 1792 AD, he walked for 12,000 km continuously for 7 years, barefoot and barebody, through the length and breadth of India, from the Himalayas to the southern sea-shores. Based on this inspiring true-life story and journey all over India, the film explores unique elements of India, like:
-  Amazing and intricate art and architecture, symbolizing creativity of centuries…
- Fascinating festivals, among the largest and most spectacular in the world.
- Colorful customs and intriguing rites and rituals with deeper meanings for peaceful living…
- India as an epitome of the world with its natural and geographical diversity containing nearly every kind of habitat on earth.
- World’s oldest and largest democracy with one of the world’s most diverse peoples living together, with every shade of skin and a vast variety of cultures.
- India’s contribution to the world including concepts like Non-Violence and practices like Yoga and Ayurveda for natural health…
-  A nation of silent spirituality, making her a mystic land of meditation and contemplation, where quest continues to understand secrets of life beyond our material world
- The real light and wisdom of India, seeking to know not how to conquer the world but how to live in peace, how to live together in harmony
- The essence and message of “Mystic India” that there can be Unity in Diversity, that we are a single human family, capable of living together, loving one another.

Thus, more than just a breathtaking journey, and the heroic tales of the child’s tolerance and survival, his values of faith, friendship and fearlessness, the film presents a unique journey into the mind and soul of India through the eyes of an innocent child.

Over two shooting schedules in March - May 2003 and Jan-Feb 2004, the Mystic India production team traveled to more than 100 different film locations in India, at times shooting in hostile conditions at a height of 13,000 feet, re-creating the adventures of Neelkanth in the astonishing detail of large format. Capturing dazzling images and scenes on a scale never seen before in large format, this film transports the audience to some of India's most sacred and treasured destinations.

The epic proportions of the film climax in the Rath Yatra (The Festival of Chariots). Colossal, 5-storey high chariots on mammoth wheels roll past 8,000 people in period dress of the 18th century from all corners of India. The experience is immense and intense.
And what makes the film unique and educative are the questions it answers about India, her culture and way of life. Even the silent, meditative moods transmit the simple messages of love, service and harmony; unraveling India's greatest gift to the world, its unity in diversity.

Mystic India is an epic journey into the land and soul of India.


TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Codec: MPEG-2
Video Bitrate: 4514 kbps
Video Resolution: 720x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec:  AC3
Audio Bitrate: 448kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 6
Audio Languages:  Hindi and English
RunTime : 44:59
Subtitles: None
Ripped by: Trinidad DDR      
Duration: 44:59
