Amateur.Girls.With.Hairy.Pussies.XXX.DVDRip.x264-SLiEZE


Cover
 
http://www.picrak.com/viewer.php?file=35453385306475217878.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.picrak.com/viewer.php?file=55874858345764024149.jpg



Tara Lynn Foxx, Sammy, Ata, Kactus

Tara & Sammy are real life girlfriends who both like to go hairy and unshaven. They begin to kiss on the bed and stroke each other's bodies, eventually getting topless. Blonde lesbian Tara Lynn goes down to lick Sammy's pussy and grabs a mini vibe on the way. Tara grabs another vibrator and puts it on her clit, really charging up the action! After an obvious sapphic orgasm, the girls take a break to makeout. After Tara finds a new toy to play with, Sammy gets on all fours and sticks her hairy ass in the air. Tara then spits on it and rubs the spit around her ass and pussy while she probes Sammy's hairy pussy. There is some very sensual lesbian action between this real couple as Tara licks Sammy's asshole while tickling her clit with the vibrator.

Kactus is a hot brunette college girl with big tits and a hairy twat. She toys with her panties while smoking, teasing us with peeks of her fur patch. She gives us a strip show, and when her clothes are scattered on the floor, she sprawls out naked on the couch. She begins to run her fingers over her hairy pussy, which now glistens with her obvious excitement. She plunges her fingers deep inside her hairy hole, and fucks herself good. She's soon rolling around on the sofa with self gratification, finger fucking her hairy hole to orgasm after orgasm.

Ata is a cute petite brunette on a date with her boyfriend. She teases him as he shoots pool and flashes her tits. Ata strips down and then kneels in front of him, pulling down his pants to reveal a big fat white cock. Ata gives him a POV blowjob with plenty of eye contact. She then stands up to take off her panties and then squats down on his fat dick, fucking her boyfriend standing reverse cowgirl! She then gets fucked spoon position before they go to the couch. Ata gets her hairy pussy pounded doggie style again until her boyfriend turns her back on her knees for some final blowjob action. He finally gives her a facial cumshot which Ata has to clean off in the bathroom of the pool hall. Quite a messy jizz load for this hot little amateur girl who loves her boyfriend's huge dick.