Note: Dalek voices are actually labeled as: Cyborg I, Cyborg II, and Cyborg III in 

the actual app.

NOTE: When recording, try using different recording volume levels (look for the 

recording volume control within the app) in order to find the levels that work best 

for your device. The default recording level of 1 may not be optimal for your 

device, so you may need to play around with that setting to get good recordings..

If you hear excessive static during playback, try lowering your recording volume 

and make a new recording using this lower recording volume setting.

TROUBLESHOOTING CHECKLIST:

If you are unable to record audio using this app, try the following:

CHECK 1: Speak closely into the microphone.

CHECK 2: Raise the speaker volume on your phone/device.

CHECK 3: Raise the recording volume from within the app.

CHECK 4: Also, if you have a bluetooth headset and you are not able to record audio 

or just get static, try turning your bluetooth headset off and see if that resolves 

the issue.


CHECK 5: From within the app, try selecting a different audio recording rate, via 

Menu-&gt;Prefs. Supported audio recording rates include: 44100 stereo, 22050 stereo, 

11025 stereo, 44100 mono, 22050 mono, 11025 mono, 48000 stereo, 48000 mono, 8000 

mono. Depending on your device, only a subset of these recording rates may be 

available to you.

30 Total Voice Effects !

Robot 1-5 (Cylon and other scifi robots),Alien 1-

4(Goauld,Asgard),Backwards,Bee,Chipmunk,Cyborg 1-4(Daleks,Cybermen),Deep,Deep 

Metallic(Darth Vader),Echo,Fast Backwards(foreign language),Fast Normal,Freaky 1-

2,Helium(Despicable Minion),Hyper,Metallic,Possessed,Saw-Man(Jigsaw),Slow 

Backwards,Slow Normal

What's in this version : (Updated : Jun 16, 2013)

updated ui. use ogg/vorbis audio files for favorites and email attachments. added 

ability to create an email attachment directly from the main screen. when incoming 

phone call is detected, gracefully stops the current recording/playback