Name of Book :- Advanced Number Theory .

Writer :- Harvey Cohn .

Pages :- 283

Publishers :- Dover  Publications,  Inc. , New York .

Edition :- 1962 .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is a very good book. So please seed after download completes .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Preface :-

The  prerequisites  for  this  book  are  the  “standard”  first-semester  course 
in  number  theory  (with  incidental  elementary  algebra)  and  elementary 
calculus.  There  is  no  lack  of  suitable  texts  for  these  prerequisites  (for 
example,  An  Introduction  to  the Theory  of  Numbers,  by  1. Niven  and  H.  S. 
Zuckerman,  John  Wiley  and  Sons,  1960, cari be cited  as  a book  that  intro- 
duces  the  necessary  algebra  as  part  of  number  theory).  Usually,  very  little 
else  cari  be  managed  in  that  first  semester  beyond  the  transition  from 
improvised  combinatorial  amusements  of  antiquity  to  the  coherently 
organized  background  for  quadratic  reciprocity,  which  was  achieved  in 
the  eighteenth  Century. 
The  present  text  constitutes  slightly  more  than  enough  for  a  second- 
semester  course,  carrying  the  student  on  to  the  twentieth  Century  by 
motivating  some  heroic  nineteenth-Century  developments  in  algebra  and 
analysis.  The  relation  of  this  textbook  to  the great  treatises  Will necessarily 
be  like  that  of  a  hisforical  novel  to  chronicles.  We  hope  that  once  the 
student  knows  what  to  seek  he Will  find  “chronicles”  to  be as  exciting  as  a 
“historical  novel.” 
The  problems  in  the  text  play  a  significant  role  and  are  intended  to 
stimulate  the  spirit  of  experimentation  ivhich  has  traditionally  ruled 
number  theory  and  which  has  indeed  become  resurgent  with  the realization 
of  the  modern  computer.  A  student  completing  this  course  should  acquire 
an  appreciation  for  the  historical  origins  of  linear  algebra,  for  the  zeta- 
function  tradition,  for  ideal  class  structure,  and  for  genus  theory.  These ideas, although relatively  old,  still make their influence felt  on the frontiers 
of modern mathematics. Fermat’sl ast theorem and complex multiplication 
are unfortunate  omissions,b  ut  the motive  was not  to  depresst he degree 
of  difficulty  SO much as it  was to  make the  most efficient  usage of  one 
semester. 
My  acknowledgments are many  and are difficult  to  list.  1 enjoyed the  . 
benefits of  coursesu nder Bennington P. Gill  at  City  College and Saunders 
MacLane  at Harvard.  The book profited  directly  from suggestionsb y  my 
students and  from  the  incidental  advice  of  many  readers, particularly 
Burton  W.  Jones and Louis J. Mordell.  1 owe a special debt to  Herbert  S. 
Zuckerman for  a careful reading, to  Gordon  Pal1f or  major improvements, 
and to  the staff of  John Wiley  and Sons for  their  cooperation. 
