Are you curious about meditation?

Have you struggled with finding a consistent meditation practice?

Would you like to explore different types of meditation? Free of charge?

Seven acclaimed teachers and mentors share their profound meditation practices with you. To help you get all of the benefits of meditation including:

Sweet peace, stress relief, immense wisdom, more energy, a stream of health gains and freedom.

This online event—called the Meditationfest—gives you an unprecedented opportunity to experience a series of relaxing meditations. All professionally recorded and produced to the highest standards, perfect for whether you are just beginning meditation or deep in a practice.

Each meditation includes a coaching conversation of between 25 and 60 minutes to help you understand the meditation’s beauty and the gifts it brings you.

Originally available for free for one week only from:
 www.learningstrategies.com/Meditationfest


Here's a description of the meditations:
---
"Sonic Access for Success" meditation. Manifest dreams, break through self-limiting beliefs, reclaim self-confidence, and ignite ingenuity for your personal success through the help of teacher and mentor Paul Scheele. This meditation uses "Paraliminal" and "Holosync" technologies for a deep experience.

"Rebalancer" and "Abundance" meditations. Reset the energy of your day with "Rebalancer" and set the energy of your life with "Abundance." These two five-minute meditations from spiritual mentor Deirdre Hade are ideal for beginning meditators as well as experienced meditators who need a quick boost.

"Euphoria & Healing" meditation. "Euphoria is a gift of a healthy, balanced, energetic life," says teacher, healer, and Qigong master Chunyi Lin. This meditation helps you use the most powerful healing energy available—love—so you can discover euphoria wherever you are, in whatever circumstances you may find yourself.

"Conscious Awareness in the Present Moment" meditation. Experience firsthand how you create your moment-to-moment reality through the guidance of spiritual mentor Jeddah Mali. She will help you live your life freely without the mind interpreting, judging, and limiting you.

"Burning" meditation. For thousands of years, the "Burning" meditation has been used to burn off general stress and mental fatigue and open the third eye. Teacher and mentor Brian Osborne uses colorful imagery, including red and golden lava and bright yellow light to help you melt away stress and get your energy flowing.

"Law of Attraction Tubes of Light" meditation. Create harmonious space in and around you, which is ideal for calling on the Law of Attraction. Feng Shui master Marie Diamond will help you attract more peace and feel less influenced by the vibrations of negative people.

"Relaxation and Awareness" meditation. Himalayan master Swami Veda Bharati helps you rediscover the original nature of your mind and body. You will bring attention to the self and replace any destructive emotions or thoughts with a positive, serene, overflowing experience. You will learn to focus on a word or phrase as a way of calming the mind.


Tracklist:
1-01 Day 1_ Coaching Conversation - Rebalancer & Abundance.mp3
1-02 Day 1_ Meditation - Abundance.mp3
1-03 Day 1_ Meditation - Rebalancer & Abundance.mp3
2-01 Day 2_ Coaching Conversation - Euphoria & Healing.mp3
2-02 Day 2_ Meditation - Euphoria & Healing.mp3
3-01 Day 3_ Coaching Conversation - Conscious Awareness In The Present Moment.mp3
3-02 Day 3_ Meditation - Conscious Awareness In The Present Moment.mp3
4-01 Day 4_ Coaching Conversation - Burning.mp3
4-02 Day 4_ Meditation - Burning.mp3
5-01 Day 5_ Coaching Conversation - Law Of Attraction_ Tubes Of Light.mp3
5-02 Day 5_ Meditation - Law Of Attraction_ Tubes Of Light.mp3
6-01 Day 6_ Coaching Conversation - Relaxation And Awareness.mp3
6-02 Day 6_ Meditation - Relaxation And Awareness.mp3