AD Sound Recorder

AD Sound Recorder is a sound record program. It can record all audio from your sound card into MP3, WMA or WAV format. Real-time sound visualization enables you to adjust your audio source and make high quality recordings.

AD Sound Recorder features include hot switching of the working audio source, waveform and spectrum monitoring, a peak indicator with sound clipping detectors, recording control with the hotkeys, a built-in player, a file list and an ID3 Tag editor.

Key Features:

Real-time sound monitoring:
· This feature lets you check the selected audio source and adjust its volume. You can see a sound waveform, spectrum and peak amplitude and change the volume level on the fly to avoid sound clipping.

Hot switching of the active (working) audio device and audio source for Vista:
· AD Sound Recorder detects any changes you have made with the active audio device and source and the program will be restarted automatically.

Sound clipping detection:
· The program detects and displays sound clipping events if sound level is very high. These events reduce of the current recording quality.

Record control with hotkeys:
· Hotkeys make start or stop recording quickly either the program is maximized or minimized on the taskbar.

Convert WAV into MP3:
· You can record a WAV file with CD-quality and then convert it into MP3 format with a bitrate as you wish.

Playing files:
· The program includes a built-in player so you can play any file just after recording.

Editing of ID3 Tags for MP3 files:
· AD Sound Recorder allows you to create or edit ID3 TAGs for MP3 files with a built-in editor.

Platforms: 

Windows 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, 7

Homepage: http://www.adrosoft.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given Serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.