The Colette Sewing Handbook: Inspired Styles and Classic Techniques for the New Seamstress 
by Sarai Mitnick
Krause Publications | November 2011 | ISBN-10: 1440215456 | ePUB/PDF | 7.15/19.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Colette-Sewing-Handbook-Techniques/dp/1440215456
PDF conversion is mine.

Five simple fundamentals can help you perfect any sewing project: a thoughtful plan, a precise pattern, a fantastic fit, a beautiful fabric, and a fine finish. With these five core ideas, The Colette Sewing Handbook shows you how to start sewing the wardrobe of your dreams.
Includes five beautiful patterns for modern classic pieces, including a scalloped-hem skirt, flutter-sleeve blouse, sweetheart neck sheath dress, asymmetrical flounce dress, and a lined dress with gathered sleeves. Each project will help you put the fundamentals into practice as you sew.

-    Approachable and easy to follow. Instead of a big, confusing catalog of sewing techniques, you'll build your knowledge gradually around the five simple fundamentals. A section of basic sewing lessons means you'll never feel lost.
-    Hands-on learning. Start improving your skills immediately by applying each of the five principles of the book to a beautiful project, included in the book.
-    Feed your creativity. Have more fun designing sewing projects for your personal style, and create the things you'll actually love to wear!
-    Feel more confident. Gain the know-how to work with any sewing pattern out there.
-    Look great in what you make. Become your own custom seamstress and hand-tailor clothes that fit you the way you want.
-    Get inspired by fabric. Expand your creative palette and get the look you want by choosing the best fabrics for your projects.
-    Perfect the details. Make clothes you can be proud of with beautiful finishing techniques.

Colette Patterns is known for timeless design and exceptionally clear instruction. This book from designer Sarai Mitnick guides you gradually and painlessly to becoming a better seamstress. Get inspired, feel confident, and make beautiful clothing you'll be proud to wear!

About the Author 
http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/6c/e1/37a31d08befe0ac1d1880d.L._V177531939_SX200_.jpg
Sarai Mitnick is the founder and designer behind Colette Patterns, an independent pattern company known for beautiful design and excellent instruction. A lover of vintage styles and classic details, Sarai founded Colette Patterns when she discovered a lack of modern sewing patterns for design-oriented sewers, and it has been growing by leaps and bounds every since. She shares tips, tricks, how-tos, and free patterns on her popular sewing blog at colettepatterns.com. Sarai Mitnick lives in Portland, OR.