PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 16

Scripture Mysteries Series - Parts 1 thru 6



POtHS - The Word - 015 - Scripture Mysteries Series - Parts 1 thru 6


POtHS Comment:   Well I guess it's not mystery anymore.

Description

The Forgotten Dream

The Forgotten Dream: Our new collection "Scripture Mysteries" is a documentary series that seeks to discover the truth behind a number of Biblical subjects. Our first film in the series is, "The Forgotten Dream." This DVD delves into a couple of serious questions. The firs t question being, "Are there rea lly any good reasons to believe in the Bible?" and secondly, "What does the future hold?" We have traveled far and near to find archaeologists, and theologians who can help shed light on these questions.


The Most Incredible Prophecy

The Most Incredible Prophecy: It has been noted that up to 30 percent of the Bible is prophecy. Throughout the Old Testament there are over 300 specific prophecies that reveal life and character of the Messiah. He would have to pass the prophetic test by fulfilling every Messianic prophecy. Furthermore, there is a prophecy in Daniel 9 that gave the Messiah a short time frame in which to fulfill most of these prophecies. Did Jesus pass the test? In this episode we travel around to archeologist, and scholars to find answers to one of the most important subjects in history.


Theodicy

Theodicy: For centuries the question has been asked, ΓÇ£If God is so good why is there so much suffering in the world?ΓÇ¥ Why has sin and evil lasted so long? What does the Antichrist have to do with all of this? Is God ever going to d o something about pain and suffering? In this documentary we are on a search for answers to these questions. Along the way we will look into the history of evil. Join us for an exciting journey into one of the most perplexing subjects known to man, the question of Theodicy.



The Ark Of The Covenant

The Ark And The Covenant: What ever happened to the ark of the covenant? What made this golden box so holy that any one who touched it died? Does the law have any relevance in the time that we live? Why is the Antichrist interested in the contents of this golden box? What is the New Covenant spoken of by the prophet Jeremiah? In this film we search for answers to these questions and others that surround the ark of the covenant and the ten commandments.



The Antichrist Power Revealed

The Antichrist Power Revealed: The Scriptures speak of a power referred to as the little horn, the beast, or the antichrist power. We will begin by going back to the great prophecy of Daniel chapter seven which foretold the future with incredible clarity. Then through connection with Revelation  we dig deeper to find more clues as to the identity of this power. Through this we discover twelve characteristics including where the antichrist power arises from. After carefully looking over each Biblical point you will discover for yourself who this power is.



The Overcoming Seminar:

In this seminar we look into the fundamentals of bad habits and how to overcome them. How are habits formed, and how can they be changed? Many struggle with a variety of habits ranging from anger, lack of forgiveness, lust, addictions to substances, repetitive unhealthy thoughts and a host of other vices. In this seminar we look at scientific, health, and biblical principles that aid in the victory over habits. This is presented by Chad and Fadia Kreuzer. Chad and Fadia share seminars on health, the Bible, and overcoming habits, they have taught in Europe and throughout North America.
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  