Photomizer

Rotating or cutting images, removing red eyes now and then - this was yesterday. Image editing of the next generation goes further and addresses directly the weak points of digital photographs, to which even the most expensive cameras are not immune. Photomizer knows all the hurdles that need to be cleared in order to produce perfect photos; and it provides the suitable tools to obtain them. For beautiful photo albums and complete success at Flickr & Co.

Photomizer is the perfect completion to your digital camera, be it expensive or low-priced.

Because a wrong aperture is easily selected and there is hardly any cure for adverse weather conditions and unfavourable lighting conditions. With Photomizer you re-adjust tonality, increase the contrast, re-sharpen matt images and you get high-definition and colour-intensive photos - fully automatic! Photomizer turns wasted pictures, which otherwise would be irretrievably lost, into natural and attractive photos without giving the impression of artificial editing.

With Photomizer you achieve results, which even professional photographers could only obtain with extensive knowledge and experience...

While other editing programs require extensive training and time-consuming settings, Photomizer starts directly. Fully automatic and with the right sense for correct screws and settings! Photomizer accurately uses a number of photographic tools for optimum image manipulation; these tools automated and precisely edit exactly those unfavourable image attributes that disturb the overall impression! And only those because the automatic object recognition guarantees that exclusively the less perfect image parts are edited while the others remain untouched!

Some of the most important program functions:
Automatic object recognition: manipulates only those image parts, which help optimize the overall impression!
Fully automatic re-adjustment of tonality!
Fully automatic re-sharpening!
Fully automatic contrast optimization!
Touching-up of image through higher definition!
Colour-intensive photos through re-sharpening of matt colours!
Manipulation of colours to get more cheerful images!
Fully automatic system for hue control and saturation!
Fully automatic system for white balance.
Fully automatic system for bright/dark correction.
Elimination of fog and other weather influences.
Elimination of undesired colour casts.
Supported input formats: JPG, BMP, TIFF and RAW (.raw, .crw, .orf, .3fr, .nef, .tiff, .raf, .nrw, .dng, .cr2 and .arw)
Supported output formats: JPG and BMP
Fully automatic batch mode for manipulation of picture series!
Additional option for manual image optimization of each picture!
Reading of EXIF and GEO data from pictures
The Photomizer works generally non-destructive: The original pictures will be not touched at all! All files will be save using different filenames!

Seeing is believing - even more in photography. Test the Photomizer with your own images of e.g. blurred or foggy landscapes, photos that were taken in the snow or when diving, scanned old slides and be surprised.

System requirements:

Windows XP/Vista/7/8 (32- and 64-Bit)
.NET Framework 4.0 (is installed automatically if required)
Min. 1 Gigabyte RAM (2 GByte recommended) - the higher the memory capacity, the better!
CPU with at least 1 GHz, a fast Dual-Core or even Quad-Core computer recommended

Homepage: http://www.engelmann.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.