CARG Release Justified Season 3 Complete 720p HD 


**ALL CREDIT TO ORIGINAL ENCODERS**. This is just a compiled collection of this T.V. Show. Names have been changed to complete the integrity of being a full season. 


Please be sure to check out other CARG releases and seed at full speed during and after download so that others can also enjoy.


Deputy U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is something of a 19th century–style lawman in modern times, whose unconventional enforcement of justice makes him a target of criminals and his U.S. Marshals Service bosses alike. As a result of his controversial but "justified", quick-draw shooting of a mob hit-man in Miami, Givens is disciplined by being re-assigned from Miami, to Kentucky. The Lexington, Kentucky Marshals office's jurisdiction includes Harlan County (a hopelessly impoverished, backwoods, coal-mining community in southeastern Kentucky)—which Raylan hates, and thought he had escaped for good, in his youth.

Season three introduces a new main villain—Robert Quarles (Neal McDonough) of Detroit. The parent criminal organization connected to the Frankfort mafia has exiled Quarles to Kentucky. Quarles begins to muscle in on the local criminals, successfully supplanting them until Raylan begins investigating. Quarles' efforts also bring him into conflict with Boyd's group resulting in the deaths of several local individuals. Simultaneously, Dickie Bennett—the lone survivor of the Bennett clan—seeks the aid of the black residents of Noble's Holler and their leader, Ellstin Limehouse (Mykelti Williamson), in recovering his inheritance. Limehouse attempts to keep his people out of the struggle between the criminal groups but becomes involved when Boyd gets the upper hand on Quarles, leading to a series of betrayals and deaths.



File Types: Mkv
Video Codec: H264 - MPEG-4 AVC (part10)(avc1)
Language: English
Resolution: 1276x720
Frame Rate: 23.976215
Audio Codec: A52 Audio  (aka AC3)(a52)
Chanels: 3F2R/LFE
Sample Rate: 48000 Hz
Bitrate: 384 kb/s
Tested with VLC on PC and WDTV Media Player on T.V.


Official Website:
 
http://www.fxnetworks.com/justified

IMDb link:
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1489428/

