Arduino Workshop: A Hands-On Introduction with 65 Projects 

Book Details:

Pages: 392 
Publisher: No Starch Press (May 2013)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1593274483
ISBN-13: 978-159327448
Format: PDF, EPUB

Book Description:

The Arduino is a cheap, flexible, open source microcontroller platform designed to make it easy for hobbyists to use electronics in homemade projects. With an almost unlimited range of input and output add-ons, sensors, indicators, displays, motors, and more, the Arduino offers you countless ways to create devices that interact with the world around you.

In Arduino Workshop, you will learn how these add-ons work and how to integrate them into your own projects. You will start off with an overview of the Arduino system but quickly move on to coverage of various electronic components and concepts. Hands-on projects throughout the book reinforce what you have learned and show you how to apply that knowledge. As your understanding grows, the projects increase in complexity and sophistication.

Among the books 65 projects are useful devices like:

A digital thermometer that charts temperature changes on an LCD
A GPS logger that records data from your travels, which can be displayed on Google Maps
A handy tester that lets you check the voltage of any single-cell battery
A keypad-controlled lock that requires a secret code to open

You will also learn to build Arduino toys and games like:

An electronic version of the classic six-sided die
A binary quiz game that challenges your number conversion skills
A motorized remote control tank with collision detection to keep it from crashing

Arduino Workshop will teach you the tricks and design principles of a master craftsman. Whatever your skill level, you will have fun as you learn to harness the power of the Arduino for your own DIY projects.

Table of Contents:

Chapter 1. Getting Started
Chapter 2. Exploring the Arduino Board and the IDE
Chapter 3. First Steps
Chapter 4. Building Blocks (PDF)
Chapter 5. Working with Functions
Chapter 6. Numbers, Variables, and Arithmetic
Chapter 7. Liquid Crystal Displays
Chapter 8. Expanding Your Arduino
Chapter 9. Numeric Keypads
Chapter 10. Accepting User Input with Touchscreens
Chapter 11. Meet the Arduino Family
Chapter 12. Motors and Movement
Chapter 13. Using GPS with Your Arduino
Chapter 14. Wireless Data
Chapter 15. Infrared Remote Control
Chapter 16. Reading RFID Tags
Chapter 17. Data Buses
Chapter 18. Real-time Clocks
Chapter 19. The Internet
Chapter 20. Cellular Communications
