PLEASE seed after your finished downloading. This is a huge torrent and I need as many seeders as I can get. Remember: the only reason you have access to the entire series in high quality for absolutely nothing is that people are seeding it (and I can't seed it forever and wouldn't expect anyone else to). Without them these things wouldn't exist! Return the favor! If you think this is a good torrent make sure it stays alive and well by seeding it for as long as you can!

~:: DETAILS ::~
:: NAME ::
Daria: The Complete Animated Series
:: COUNTRY ::
USA
:: CATEGORY ::
TV, Sitcom, Animated
:: FORMAT ::
AVI HD 720x480 DVDRip
:: ORGINAL RUN ::
March 3, 1997 -
January 21, 2002
:: DVD RELEASE ::
May 11, 2010
:: ORIGINAL CHANNEL ::
MTV, 1997
:: NO. OF SEASONS ::
5
:: NO. OF EPISODES ::
65 (67 including both movies)
:: STARRING ::
Tracy Grandstaff, Wendy Hoopes, Julian Rebolledo
:: RATED ::
NR



:: DESCRIPTION ::

From Wikipedia: 
"Daria is an American animated television series created by Glenn Eichler and Susie Lewis Lynn for MTV. The series focuses on Daria Morgendorffer, a smart, acerbic, and somewhat misanthropic teenage girl who observes the world around her. The show is set in the fictional suburban American town of Lawndale and is a satire of high school life, and full of allusions to and criticisms of popular culture and social classes.
Daria is a spin-off of Mike Judge's animated Beavis and Butt-head series, in which Daria appeared as a recurring character.[1][2] The series was originally broadcast from 1997 to 2002."



There are countless torrents out there of Daria TV rips, which are of horrible sound AND video quality. I found these a while back on Demonoid (RIP). The torrent contained all 8 discs in VIDEO_TS format. Recently I found it collecting dust on my computer so I used FormatFactory to rip all the episodes to 720x480 AVI's, and here it is! The entire series in a HQ, consistent format :D If anyone wants me to upload the bonus features from the DvDs just leave a comment. If enough people want it, I'll make it happen.

Torrent includes - Seasons 1-5 of Daria and also includes both movies, Is It Fall Yet? and Is It College Yet? (they are placed at their corresponding places at the end of seasons 4 + 5)

PLEASE SEED!!!!