Description
★★★★★ Worldwide #1 medical iPad app bestseller. Includes complete, anatomically correct models of over 3,400 structures in the male AND female human body. 

★★★★★ Universal app which works on both your iPad 2, 3, 4, or mini, AND your iPhone 4, 4s, or 5. 

★★★★★ NOW with structure pronunciations and hundreds of quiz questions!

★★★★★ Read the 600+ reviews from medical practitioners, professors, and students and see what people have been raving about since 2011.

★★★★★ Full 3D function: Includes amazing, highly-textured 3D models, and definitions that explain location, form, function and physiology of structures. Used by thousands of college and universities worldwide. 

★★★★★ The only app in the market with ALL body systems male AND female: 
Skeleton
Ligaments
Muscles
Circulatory (arteries, veins, heart)
Nerves
Brain
Skin
Respiratory
Digestive
Lymphatic
Reproductive
Urinary
Endocrine

★★★★★ EASY NAVIGATION: 
- Load up all the nerves, blood vessels, lymph structures, bones and ligaments, organs, and muscles; customize to see any combination of anatomy from any angle; or study a single structure in isolation. 
- Simple, intuitive access to preset views. Get to exactly what you want to see with one tap. Rotate, zoom, hide, or fade structures to study anatomy from any angle.
- Customize and save views to your “My Views” library. Annotate images. Save them to your photo album or email them to your friends.
- Tap on an anatomical structure to learn more; get its name, location, system; read detailed definitions that explain form, function, and physiology.

★★★★★ NOW with structure pronunciations and hundreds of quiz questions!

★★★★★ Medgadget calls the graphics, “nothing short of breath-taking." (medgadget.com)

★★★★★ AMI Award of Excellence

★★★★★ Ranked #1 by iMedicalApps! "Rarely does an app come along and knock my socks off. . . Ideal for students and teachers of anatomy, as well as for patient education." (imedicalapps.com)

★★★★★ Atlas provides a powerful visual reference tool for healthcare professionals and a lab-like study aid for students. 

About Visible Body
Visible Body® is a content and software development firm that produces award-winning anatomy and physiology learning products. Since 1996, we have partnered with the world's top pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and educational publishing companies. The highly detailed, anatomically accurate, 3D models we create are developed by an extensively trained team with decades of experience in medical illustration and biomedical visualization. All anatomical content is reviewed for accuracy by our panel of experts, including physicians and anatomists. 

Contact Us
Email us at support@visiblebody.com. Let us know what you like about Human Anatomy Atlas, tell us if the app isn't performing as expected, or share ideas for making the app better.