Whad'Ya Know?: Test Your Knowledge with the Ultimate Collection of Amazing Trivia, Quizzes, Stories, Fun Facts, and Everything Else You Never Knew You Wanted to Know
by Michael Feldman
Sourcebooks Inc. | May 2009 | ISBN-10: 1402218508 | PDF | 496 pages | 19.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/WhadYa-Know-Knowledge-Collection-Everything/dp/B005M506RK

A brand new bathroom reader collection, from the beloved trivia voice of public radio.

SOΓÇªDID YOU KNOW THAT:
-    53% of American workers feel they work "with a bunch of monkeys." (What the monkeys think, we don't know.)
-    During shaky economic times, lipstick sales go up.
-    The longest conflict in American history was fought over a pig.
-    Washington state has the best-dressed State Troopers.

AREN'T YOU GLAD YOU NOW KNOW THAT?!

If you'd love to quiz yourself about what you know, and then fill your brain with thousands of fascinating and highly useful facts like these, look no further. (And as an added bonus, you'll get jokes and stories too!) Every weekend, radio listeners across the nation delight in the facts and fun of the hit show Whad'Ya Know? with Michael Feldman. Now, for the first time, Michael collects the greatest trivia, quizzes, stories, and fun facts just for you.
Every weekend, thousands of public radio listeners across the nation delight in the facts and fun of the hit PRI show Whad'Ya Know? with Michael Feldman. Now, for the first time Michael collects the greatest trivia, quizzes, stories, and fun facts from the show in Whad'Ya Know?.

With features perfectly sized for spending a little time on the throne, Whad'Ya Know? contains sections that fans of the show will be sure to recognize, such as:
-    Things You Should Have Learned in School (Had You Been Paying Attention)
-    The Daily Briefing
-    Thanks for the Memos
-    The Best of the Best
-    And much more

If your answer to "Whad'Ya Know?" is "not much," get ready to become the smartest person on the blockΓÇª or at least the one that knows the most stuff.

About the Author 
http://uwpress.wisc.edu/books/images/FeldmanMichael_author.jpg
Michael Feldman is the creator and host of Public Radio International's popular quiz show Whad'Ya Know?, which originates from his hometown of Madison, Wisconsin. He is also the author of Glad You Asked, Wisconsin Curiosities, Thanks for the Memos, and Something I Said?: Innuendo and Out the Other.
