The series stars David Jason as Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, an experienced and dedicated detective who frequently clashes with his superiors. In his cases, Frost is assisted by a variety of different detective sergeants, with each bringing a different slant to the particular case. Comic relief is provided by Frost's interactions with the bureaucratically-minded Superintendent Norman Mullett, played by Bruce Alexander.

The series is set in the fictional South-Midlands town of Denton, and is marked by a gritty tone. It is believed that Denton is in Oxfordshire, with many references to Reading, Oxford, and in particular, Swindon, especially in the earlier episodes, as the M4 and A417 are often seen, and the map of Swindon was seen in the control room, although a map of Reading was used occasionally. The programme is produced by ITV in Leeds, and most of the outdoor locations are shot in West Yorkshire. Several scenes are filmed in and around the city and district of Wakefield and neighbouring small towns of Pontefract and Castleford, West Yorkshire.[3] The role of Frost was notable in changing the public perception of David Jason from a predominantly comic actor to a dramatic actor.

Season 3

S4, Ep1 - Jan. 7, 1996 - Paying the Price
A ruthless kidnapper tests Frost's skills to the full - it proves a tough case to crack and, for one woman, time is running out.
 
S4, Ep2 - Jan. 14, 1996 - Unknown Soldiers
DC Frost has to deal with discovering the source of a handgun owned by a teenager, the culprits involved in an armored car heist, and a fatal accident on an army base.
 
S4, Ep3 - Jan. 21, 1996 - The Things We Do for Love
When a beautiful therapist is found stabbed to death 18 times in a parking lot, Frost suspects one of her clients, a reformed alcoholic and family man.
 
S4, Ep4 - Jan. 28, 1996 - Fun Times for Swingers
Frost investigates the murder of a pizza waiter who doubled as a gigolo for middle-aged women and ongoing acts of vandalism at Mullett's cricket club.
 
S4, Ep5 - Feb. 4, 1996 - Deep Waters
Frost is frustrated in his interrogations of two men that stabbed a young woman during a robbery and a predatory professor possibly involved in an assault on a pretty co-ed.

This torrent includes the .xml and .jpg files for the WDTV Live SMP media library feature.