Our next FCUP is one of First Comics most-lauded series, 'Nexus' by Mike Baron and Steve Rude. Per our friends at Wikipedia:

Nexus is an American comic book series created by writer Mike Baron and penciler Steve Rude in 1981. The series is a combination of the superhero and science fiction genres, set 500 years in the future. The lead character, Horatio Valdemar Hellpop, received his powers as Nexus from an alien entity called the Merk. As payment, the Merk required Nexus to seek out and kill a certain quantity of human mass murderers per "cycle". When the Merk selected a target, Nexus would receive strong headaches and maddeningly anguished dreams (which in extremely intense episodes can cause physical injuries to Hellpop's body that to a degree emulate the violence in the vision) of his target's victims until he did his duty. Horatio was reluctant to act as the Merk's tool, but continued seeking out mass murderers to maintain his power and his sanity so that he could defend his homeworld, the lunar refuge of Ylum (a shortening of the word "asylum", thus pronounced "eye-lum").

The series debuted as a three-issue black-and-white limited series, followed by an eighty-issue ongoing full-color series. The black-and-white issues and the first six color issues were published by Capital Comics; after Capital's demise, First Comics took over publication. The ongoing series was also supplemented by The Next Nexus, a four-issue miniseries that followed Nexus #52. Following the conclusion of the ongoing series with #80 (May 1991), seven miniseries and two one-shots were published by Dark Horse Comics.

The creators' canonical publication list includes 105 issues:

    Volume 1 (Black and White) - #1 - 3
    Volume 2 - #1 - 80
    Nexus: The Origin (#81)
    Nexus: Alien Justice (#82 - #84)
    Nexus: Wages of Sin (#85 - #88)
    Nexus: Executioner's Song (#89 - #92)
    Nexus: God Con (#93 - #94)
    Nexus: Nightmare in Blue (#95 - #98)
    Nexus: Space Opera (#99 - #102)

(This numbering excluded Nexus: Liberator (which neither Rude nor Baron worked on) and crossover specials with Magnus: Robot Fighter and Madman.)

This torrent contains all of the above, including the non-canonical appearances listed. Additionally, you'll find one-shots and minis from several characters in the Nexus universe: Clonezone, Mezz and Judah Maccabee, aka the Hammer of God. The Judah series within are 'Hammer of God' and the first issue of 'Butch' - I have been unable to turn up any others (see the 'First Missing.txt' file for a complete list). There's also a few odds and ends, such as the two recently-released Nexus Omnibuses and model sheets for a potential animated series that never came about.

Though most of this already exists on TPB, I felt I'd added enough stuff to warrant a new upload, especially since the last major Nexus torrent is from 2010. The work of Baron and Rude is good enough that it needs to be kept alive. On a personal note, I only discovered this series last year and it impressed me so much that I had to run down all of the First Comics series I could possibly find, which in turn allowed me to do this FCUP. So, if you've never tried Nexus, please do so with my highest recommendation!


Each of my First Comics uploads contains a .txt file called 'First Missing'. If you have ANY of the scans listed, please contact me at the listed email. I want to make these uploads as complete as possible. Thanks!

As always, thanks to the creative teams and scanners! Get it, seed it!