MiniTool Partition Wizard Server Edition is a server partition manager specially designed for Windows Server 2000/2003/2008/2008 R2. Our partition manager server edition is designed for system administrators and advanced users to manage both server and non-server disk partitions. MiniTool Partition Wizard Server Edition manages Windows servers quickly and safely. When you use the "Move/Resize Partition" function, the Enhanced Data Protecting technology keeps your data safe even in cases of power outages or hardware failure.

This partition manager server edition can perform basic to advanced partition operations on your servers without data loss, including: Resize/Move partitions, Merge Partition, Change Cluster Size, Extend Partition, Split Partition, Copy Partition, Copy Disk, Create partition and Delete partitions, Format partitions, Convert partitions, Explore partitions, Hide and Unhide partitions, Set active partition, Convert Dynamic Disk to Basic Disk, etc.

Changes made on partitions can be previewed before applying to the hard disk and all data is completely protected during any operation.

MiniTool Partition Wizard Server Edition is compatible with Windows Server 2000/2003/2008/2008-R2/2012 and Non-Server 2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7 and Windows 8. It supports both 32-bit and 64-bit Windows. 

MiniTool Partition Wizard Server Edition with lifetime free upgrades allows you to obtain the latest edition at any time for free with free technical support.

Main Features
Fully support UEFI boot. New!
Extend partition with one step.
Split one partition into two safely.
FULLY Support 4096-byte-sector-based hard drive.
Align all partitions or align a specified partition to optimize hard drive performance.
Support Windows 2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7 and Windows 8 (32 bit & 64 bit) operating system.
Support RAID.
Extend system partition to maximize computer performance. 
Manage the hard disk for substantial performance increase. 
Create, Delete and Format partitions with simple steps.
Disk Copy to protect or transfer data.
Support disk and partition size larger than 2 TB.
Convert partition format from FAT to NTFS.
Partition Copy: Copy the entire content of one hard disk to another.
Copy Disk Wizard: Copy the entire hard disk to another without having to reinstall Windows.
Disk Map - Visually demonstrate your disk/partition configuration; preview the changes before applying.
Hide/unhide partition, set active partition, etc. - Change partition properties easily.
Explore FAT/NTFS partition.
Set partition as primary.
Set partition as logical.
Rebuild MBR.
Disk Surface Test. 
Partition Surface Test.
Change Partition Serial Number.
Change Partition Type ID.
Hot Extend Partition without reboot.

Homepage: