NOTE - This DVD compilation is*NOT*the famous 1999 WALKING WITH DINOSAURS 6-part BBC series. I found this at the local library the other day, and it appears to be a compilation of subsequent sequel BBC TV shows; namely Chased by Dinosaurs(2003) and Sea Monsters (2006) starring Nigel Marven, and a bonus DVD feature entitled EXTREME DINOSAURS.

Sea Monsters is a 2003 BBC television trilogy which used computer-generated imagery to show past life in Earth's seas. In the U.S. it was known as Chased by Sea Monsters. It was made by Impossible Pictures, the creators of Walking with Dinosaurs, Walking with Beasts and Walking with Monsters. In the series, the British wildlife presenter Nigel Marven is shown travelling to seven past seas in the history of the Earth and scuba diving there, in order of dangerousness with the most dangerous last. He travels in a white sailboat or motorboat roughly 24 m (80 ft) long named 'The Ancient Mariner'. His time-travelling device is not mentioned or shown, and the closest thing to it is his time map, showing the timeline of the seven deadliest seas and the creatures that lived at the time. He uses a scuba set with a fullface mask so he can talk underwater to produce the commentary. He performs some dives using a strong shark cage, which is spherical to make it harder for large sea creatures to bite it.

Chased by Dinosaurs is a BBC program featuring Nigel Marven as a time-traveller who encounters dinosaurs in the wild. The two-part series, a sequel to Walking with Dinosaurs, was broadcast over Christmas 2002 and featured Nigel and his "team of fellow explorers" encountering prehistoric life over a large range of time, and seeing creatures not featured in the original series. A three part sequel, Sea Monsters, was later broadcast in 2003 and the similar series Prehistoric Park was produced by ITV in 2006. The series title wasn't used on screen, as it is the title for the Region 1 DVD (which also includes Sea Monsters).

EXTREME DINOSAURS - Amazing new discoveries in South America are revolutionising what we thought we knew about the dinosaur world. It now seems that South America was home to both the largest meat-eater - so new it's still without a name - and the largest herbivore - the enormous long-necked Argentinasaurus. And what's more, these dinosaurs lived at the same time in the same place. So it's possible that like in a science fiction movie, in this prehistoric world these two giants of their kind fought each other in a spectacular clash of the Titans.
