PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit



"C  O  N  S  P  I  R  A  C  Y"

Volume 016
The Power of the Purse

POtHS - Conspiracy - 016 - The Power of the Purse

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment: You won't believe everything you going to see here.

Description:  

The Power of the Purse - Volume 1, Parts 1&2 by Lee Rodgers:
Throughout human history the control and manipulation of money has been used by the elites to control free humanity. This has continued up until this day. Power of the Purse Volume 1 is a 4 hour and 50 minute documentary spanning 2 DVDs that details the history of how money has evolved from ancient times to the 21st century.

This film exposes how those who have controlled money have used this power to fund both sides of wars in order to bankrupt nations and peoples. This film reveals important historical facts and information about the modern day monetary system that the corporate media and the teachers indoctrinating our youth in the so-called public education (indoctrination) system refuse to talk about. A MUST SEE Film! by Lee Rogers Power of the

Purse Volume 1 explores the following topics and much more: The Knights Templar's International Banking System. The Rise of the Rothschild's European Banking Empire. How the Federal Reserve and other Central Banks create money out of thin air to drive nations and peoples into debt. How both sides of major wars and conflicts have been funded and engineered by powerful banking interests. The lies surrounding the official story of the September 11th, 2001 attacks and how it has been used to justify endless war. How the manipulation of the value of money has been used to create economic depressions.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  