PerformanceTest

Easy to use Benchmark software for Windows. PerformanceTest allows you to objectively benchmark a PC using twenty eight different speed tests over six test suites, then compare the results to other computers. Anyone who has used computers for any period of time knows the importance of having a stable system. The cost of a hardware failure can be enormous. If you are lucky your data will only become inaccessible while faulty components are replaced. If you're unlucky you can lose your files completely or have them permanently corrupted. Even if you have good backups, you can still lose days of work returning the PC to its pre-failure state. In many cases the lost data can never be replaced and businesses can be brought to their knees, with the loss of documentation, customer details and financial records. What BurnInTest Test does is thoroughly exercise the hardware in a PC in a short period of time, in the same way as normal applications use a PC over a long period of time. This takes advantage of the fact that computer hardware tends to fail either very early in its life or after many thousands of hours of use. Typically BurnInTest should be used before a PC is put into service, as the failure of a computer that isnΓÇÖt being used for a critical application and doesnΓÇÖt have any critical data is much less damaging, (especially if it is still under warranty). BurnInTest will bring to the surface intermittent or hidden problems so that after a successfully run the computer can be used with a much higher level of confidence. BurnInTest can also be used by overclockers to verify system stability at high clock speeds.

Additional Features

The application includes the following additional features:
HTML manual
Logging of results to disk in user selectable levels of detail (in ASCII format & HTML formats)
Timed test runs that will stop automatically at the expiry of the selected time or after a number of test cycles.
The ability to save your results to disk as log file.
'Notes' and 'Machine ID' fields for storing your own audit information along with the saved log file.
Support for copying the results to other applications (eg. MS-Word) as text data.
The ability to select the level of load placed on each component, via the setting of a duty cycle for each test.
Counters that count the total number of operations performed.
An easy to use point and click interface
Summary system information including CPU type and CPU speed.
Testing of up to 20 hard and floppy disks simultaneously
Testing of up to 20 CD/DVD drives simultaneously
Testing of up to 64 serial ports simultaneously
CD / DVD testing using specialized test CD/DVDs

Tests included
Memory
Disk
Network
2D Graphics
3D Graphics (Open GL)
Serial Port
Parallel Port
CD-ROM/DVD
CPU-Maths
USB (using the PassMark USB 2.0 Loop back plug)

Platforms:

XP SP3, 2003 Server, Vista, 2008 Server, Windows 7, 2012 Server, Windows 8

Homepage: http://www.passmark.com/products/pt.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Run "keygen" as Admin (vista/7/8 users only), apply patch and generate key.
- Run application use generated key to register application.
- Done, Enjoy

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.