
Evil Cuckold #4

Legendary director/performer Sean Michaels has conquered mainstream smut as well as niche markets, most recently in Buttman Magazine Choices kinky specialty porn. With the extreme, taboo filth in Evil Cuckold 4, the latest edition of Seans popular interracial cheating series, the suave stud takes his place as the go-to bull for voyeuristic cuckolds who crave the erotic humiliation of watching their women go crazy on superior cock! Adorable, naturally busty blonde Britney Young hooks up with Sean, orally worshiping his enormous prick until her husband reveals himself. Turns out hubby wants to watch, and even join in ... he licks cute Britneys pussy while she gets fucked (her cheating literally in his face), then helps her tongue Seans asshole and laps up the cummarking his wifes chest! Skinny, black-haired MILF Alia Janine seduces Sean by the basketball court, titty-fucking him with her big knockersand making her outraged husband view the lewd spectacle of her cheating ways. The bitch even makes him share Seans semen! In a cuckold gender twist, buxom Asian blonde Mia Rider avenges girlfriend Emma Ashs cheating courtesy of Seans huge, girl-pleasing meat. Mia makes her lover watch as she services the director. Finally, freckled brunette Honey White gags and grinds on the directors dark dork while her bald spouse sits helplessly. The unfaithful wives of Evil Cuckold 4 lovethe ecstasy of huge, fulfilling alpha male penetration ... and the tawdry thrill of degrading inferior dicks.

    Scene 1. Britney Young, Sean Michaels, Slut Bottom Chris
    Scene 2. Mia Rider, Sean Michaels
    Scene 3. Alia Janine, Jimmy Broadway, Sean Michaels
    Scene 4. Honey White, Sean Michaels

Length 2 hrs. 46 mins.
Rating XXX
Released Feb 23 2012
Production Year 2012
Studio  Buttman Magazine Choice

Actresses:
    Alia Janine [IR]
    Britney Young [IR]
    Honey White [IR]
    Mia Rider [IR]
    NonSex Performers
    Emma Ash

Actors:
    Jimmy Broadway
    Sean Michaels
    Slut Bottom Chris


