Helen Driggs shares essential techniques for getting started with riveting and cold connections, including how-tos in designing, drilling, hammering, and much more... 
Metalsmith Essentials is back with another 2-disc set.
This time, itΓÇÖs all about favorite no-heat techniques: cold connections.

Volume 1, Basic Fabrication flew off the shelves and started a metalsmith revolution. Now you can join artist and experienced metalsmith Helen Driggs in the next set of 10 watch-and-learn lessons as she shows you step by step how to make your own cold connection jewelry! Join Helen as you take your skills and jewelry designs to the next level with the versatility of riveting and other cold connections.

Master metalsmithing basics as you boost your jewelry-making skills with these essential techniques for getting started with riveting and cold connections, including how-tos in designing, drilling, hammering, and much more! 

Discover different types of cold connections and learn how to use them in your own jewelry. Helen shows you how to create all of the essential cold connection: tube rivets, wire rivets, moveable rivets, tension joins, and more. 

Enter a new era in your jewelry designs as you:

Stay safe and get started the right way with a comprehensive cold connection tools and materials overview. 
Master metalsmithing must-knows: punch and drill holes, design your own jewelry pieces, cut your metal components, and more.
Discover mixed-media materials made for cold connections such as plastic, glass, ceramic, fiber, paper and stone. 
Add dimension and intrigue to your pieces with overlap joins and other techniques for tensioned connections.
Create sophisticated metal jewelry designs without the use of glue or a torch.
And more!
Plus! Learn HelenΓÇÖs tricks to layering pieces, using exciting materials, creating your own patterns, and more!

Watch almost two full hours of exciting cold connection essentials on your own time. This two-part set allows you to start and stop when itΓÇÖs convenient for you. Get a front-row seat to this master metal jewelry-making class you can watch again and again!

Metalsmith Essentials: Riveting and Cold Connections Part 1
Introduction
Planning a Design
Creating a Pattern
Tube Rivets
Wire Rivets

Metalsmith Essentials: Riveting and Cold Connections Part 2
Moveable Rivets
Perimeter Tabs
Overlapping Joins
Micro Hardware
Tension Joins
Putting it All Together