THE DESIGN REVOLUTION: ANSWERING THE TOUGHEST QUESTIONS ABOUT INTELLIGENT DESIGN 

by William A. Dembski, PhD (Mathematics)


Is it science? Is it religion? What exactly is the Design Revolution?

Today scientists, mathematicians and philosophers in the Intelligent Design movement are challenging a certain view of science - one that limits its investigations and procedures to purely materialistic explanations. They charge that there is no scientific reason to exclude the consideration of intelligence, agency and purpose from truly scientific research. In fact, they say, the practice of science often does already include these factors!

As the Intelligent Design movement has gained momentum, questions have naturally arisen to challenge its provocative claims. In this book William A. Dembski rises to the occasion clearly and concisely answering the most vexing questions posed to the Intelligent Design program. Writing with nonexperts in mind, Dembski responds to more than sixty questions asked by experts and nonexperts alike who have attended his many public lectures, as well as objections raised in written reviews.

The Design Revolution has begun. Its success depends on how well it answers the questions of its detractors. Read this book and you'll have a good idea of the prospects and challenges facing this revolution in scientific thinking.

 
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/567277.The_Design_Revolution


CRITICAL ACCLAIM

"A wide range of questions and objections that should give both fans and detractors of ID plenty to chew on... Chapters can focus on a single issue and adopt an appropriate tone: basic questions get basic replies, pointed objections get forceful rejoinders, and technical questions allow Dembski to unleash a faculty for technical detail that can only be called impressive... readers with the requisite background will appreciate the subtlety, insight and occasional quirkiness of Dembski's theoretical work."
ΓÇöPublishers Weekly

"The view that intelligence must be intrinsic to the essential nature of the universe is a perspective that is slowly gaining a wider acceptance among serious scholars within the community of scientists and philosophers. For such an inference concerning the intrinsic effects of intelligence on nature and her laws to be truly scientifically acceptable, however, requires that it be placed within a rigorous theoretical framework and that specific criteria for validating the truth of it be clearly enunciated. 
It is precisely this task that William Dembski undertakes in The Design Revolution. He asks the hard questions and answers them in a clear, frank and straightforward way. His responses to the toughest of queries concerning the investigation of intelligent phenomena intrinsic to the natural world are both lucid and sophisticated. He meaningfully moves the community of scientists and scholars along the path of investigating and understanding the momentous possibility that intelligence is an irreducible aspect of reality."
ΓÇöJeffrey M.Schwartz, Research Professor, UCLA Department of Psychiatry, and author of The Mind and the Brain

"Most opponents have the full backing of academic institutions. In fact, some opposition comes in the form of official edicts from high above. And yet, support for ID continues to grow, even as its opponents grow more vocal... Dembski and others in the ID movement are very open to receiving criticism and admitting where they might be mistaken. The academic community should pay close attention to how IDers handle criticism; they might have a thing or two to learn... 
Dembski does a masterful job of answering objections to ID in "Design Revolutions". The opposition is back to square one. While it is hard to choose a "best" chapter of the 44, my personal favorite is "Peer Review". It contains some real horror stories."
ΓÇöGuillermo Gonzalez,  Associate Professor of Physics and Astronomy, Grove City College, Pennsylvania,

"Dembski's latest book indicates more clearly than any other recent publication that I know why CSI - the sort of order observed in complex machines or computer programs - cannot originate by cumulative selection. The improbability is far too great! Obviously if biological systems contain considerable amounts of CSI as Dembski claims, then the standard Darwinian explanation is deeply flawed, and what is needed is a new paradigm for understanding the natural world."
ΓÇöMichael Denton, molecular geneticist and author of Nature's Destiny
