This is a fully working version.
If you like it then leave a comment and seed longer.......Thank You

                          ** By Toorentz **



Updated:
    11 February 2013

Current Version:
    4.7.4

Requires Android:
    1.6 and up

Category:
    Weather

Description:


This is the first App in the world with an Weather Map Widget and an Earthquakes Map Widget.

eWeather HD is the most informative Android application about your environment: Current weather and weather forecasts from different weather providers, weather alerts, latest earthquakes, geomagnetic storm forecast, pressure change indicator, wind and moon and sun calendar, METAR.

Features:
Two world-renowned weather providers: Foreca and US weather provider,
130,000 locations all over the world,
Twenty original widgets of the weather, time, moon phase, barometer, geomagnetic index, and UV index (1x1, 2x1, 2x2, 1x4, 4x1, 4x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x2, 5x5 etc),
126 weather alert categories.
Ten day forecast,
Ten notification indicators in the status bar: temperature, moon phase, earthquakes, alerts, barometer etc,
Earthquakes widget on OpenStreetMap,
Weather Alerts (Advisory, Watch, or Warning) ,
Black ice and freeze warnings,
One-hundred latest earthquakes in the world on Google map,
Barometer with headache indicator,
Pressure forecast graph (Foreca only),
Moon phase, moon rise and moon set times,
Sunrise and sunset times,
Duration of the day,
World map with weather alerts, weather, earthquakes and local time.
Geomagnetic storm forecast,
Wind speed and directionality indicators in both 10-day and hour-by-hour forecasts (except Foreca),
24 hour by hour forecast,
Current weather conditions,
Only uses 20 KBytes of internet traffic per city for each weather update,
World clock,
METAR from weather station (except Foreca),
UV index,
Precipitation probability,
Precipitation amount: rainfall and new snowfall amount,
Follow by location (uses GPS or Cell Network location determination),
Full tablet support,
Send weather forecast, weather alerts, Earthquakes by e-mail

eWeather HD:
Is an easy to use, handy assistant for staying informed about changing weather conditions,
Has a built-in barometer. A diagram is displayed which shows the atmospheric pressure changes for the past 24 hours. A red warning display is produced when the barometer detects changes more than 0.2 inhg.
Provides information on the last 100 earthquakes from all over the world. View the latest earthquakes in a list or on a map. Provides information regarding magnitude, time and distance. You can filter earthquakes by their magnitude and distance from your location

The most unique feature in this application is the ΓÇ£Weather ClockΓÇ¥. It provides all of the previous information in an hour-by-hour clock format and is very interactive, informative and fun to use. Check it out!

eWeather HD is recommended for those who are interested in weather, astronomy, aviation, hunting, fishing, travel, own or work on a farm or ranch, a private or vacation home, or work or play in a weather-sensitive environment or industry... the list goes on and on!