The Vampire Diaries S04E19 XviD [JKS]
.
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 720x404
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 128Kbps
Frame Rate : 29.97 fps
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1405406/
Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Vampire_Diaries
Official site: http://www.cwtv.com/shows/the-vampire-diaries
.
The Vampire Diaries is a supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec, based on the book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith. The series premiered on The CW Television Network on September 10, 2009. The series takes place in Mystic Falls, Virginia, a fictional small town haunted by supernatural beings. The main focus of the series is the love triangle between the protagonist Elena Gilbert (Nina Dobrev) and vampire-brothers Stefan Salvatore (Paul Wesley) and Damon Salvatore (Ian Somerhalder). As the narrative develops in the course of the series, the focal point shifts on the mysterious past of the town involving Elena's malevolent doppelgänger Katherine Pierce and the family of Original Vampires, all of which have an evil agenda of their own.
The pilot episode attracted the largest audience of any series premiere since the network began in 2006. The first season averaged 3.60 million viewers. The show initially received average reviews, but critics agreed that the series improved over the course of the season with both the second and third season premiering to generally favorable reviews. The show has received numerous award nominations, winning two People's Choice Award and many Teen Choice Awards.
On February 11, 2013, The CW renewed the series for a fifth season
.
The Vampire Diaries Season 4 Episode 19
Title: Pictures of You  Directed by: J. Miller Tobin  Written by:  Neil Reynolds & Caroline Dries  Original air date: April 18, 2013
...
Prom will be held in this episode and Tyler will return (which would be his final appearance this season.) After making a decision that infuriates Klaus, Elijah proposes a life-changing challenge for Rebekah. Caroline finds that her carefully laid plans for the perfect Senior Prom night are disrupted by Elena, so she turns to an amused Klaus for a solution. Determined to get through to Elena, Damon and Stefan both attend the prom, but the evening begins to spiral out of control despite their efforts. When Elena suddenly lashes out in a way no one could have predicted, Matt turns to Rebekah for help. Finally, Bonnie makes a terrifying discovery, and Klaus receives a message that could change everything.
