As a 3rd party to this whole this ordeal, this is what I've seen so far. 1 this Timm Wheeler fella, is a 52 year old convicted meth dealer who has nothing better to do than attack young kids onProblem is the scheme hes attempting is worse than pathetic. He is currently trying to stamp a 16 year old kid he's overly obsessed with who wants nothing to do with him because he owes the kid money. The kid even gave this old timer a 2nd chance payment plan which was pretty much told to be shoved right back up somewheres. He's already ratted out several anonymouspages and his "info" and "dox" he carries is a conversation where himself refused to help hunt down pedos and predators online and sticks a ripped image from one of the pages he's ratted about child trafficking overseas. Problem is the kid that hes trying to stick this on isn't much older than the proclaimed "proof" is and the conversation has nothing to do with any of it. My involvement, sent me some bullshit about that kid, including the price guide expecting me to take his side, except i didn't due to lack of proof. Upon searching him, tags like rat and pedo autocomplete on google so its a no brainer whats happened here and i figured i'd share this info with you and how many rage blog emails he sent this poor kid cuz the kid wouldn't sleep with him basically. Endangering people who aren't involved was crime 1, crime 2 was calling peoples parents to try and get dirt on people who don't agree with you, crime 3 was trying to label a dead man as a pedophile cuz he uploaded porn here. I suggest looking up the Nubiles site before picking a fight Timm Wheeler about that. Your attempts at doxing us are pathetic considering the team I'm with gave TPB rev 1 and rev 2 of a new Ubuntu distro thats clean. What have you done other than rage blog on pastebin clones, flag on youtube, and send hate spams to google pages cuz you can't stop what you started. You wanted to play the torrent game, game on. Everyone say hello to the neighbour stalker in Texas.....