                          

                          PART  484



   Paco de Lucía, is a Spanish flamenco guitarist and composer. He is a leading proponent of the New Flamenco style, and is one of the first flamenco guitarists who has also successfully crossed over into other genres of music such as classical and jazz. He is considered by many to be one of the finest guitarists in the world and the greatest guitarist of the flamenco genre.           
                             
                        
        PACO De LUCIA - Entre Dos Aguas 1976)(photo video - studio version)
        PACO De LUCIA - Entre Dos Aguas 1976) 
        PACO De LUCIA - Entre Dos Aguas 1978) -  Montreux     



         Lawson Rollins is an American guitarist and composer from North Carolina noted for his lightning-fast speed solos, virtuoso fingerstyle technique, and melodic compositional skills featured in his recordings. His music spans a wide range of genres but is generally classed as Latin Jazz and World Music, with elements of Samba, Bossanova, Middle Eastern music, Classical guitar, Flamenco and Shred guitar added to the mix. He is best known for his compositions The Fire Cadenza, Santa Ana Wind, Daybreak, Infinita, and Moonlight Samba and his albums Infinita, Espirito, and Elevation, which were all critically acclaimed by the jazz and guitar communities.
         
         LAWSON ROLLINS   -  The Fire Cadenza  (2008)
         LAWSON ROLLINS  -   Santa Ana Wind  (2009) 
         LAWSON ROLLINS  -   Locomotion  (2012)


         Concha Buika is a Spanish singer who handles and fuses many musical styles (flamenco, copla, jazz, rumba, soul), having also appeared as vocalist in house music tracks authored by Spanish producers David Penn and DJ Chus. She is noted as one of the most lively and spontaneous artists in the current Spanish and international world/jazz/rock musical scene.. Her album "Niña de Fuego" was nominated for the 2008 Latin Grammy Award for Album of the Year. In 2009 she collaborated with international pop-star Nelly Furtado on the song "Fuerte", which featured on Furtado's Spanish album "Mi Plan". It is a Latin pop song  written by Furtado, James Bryan and Alex Cuba.


          CONCHA  BUIKA  -  La Falsa Moneda  (2008)
          CONCHA  BUIKA  -  No Habra Nadie En El Mundo  (2008)
          CONCHA  BUIKA  Feat. CHUCHO VALDES  -  Se Me Hizo Facil  (2009)
          NELLY FURTADO Feat. CONCHA BUIKA - Fuerte  (2009)
