Crysis.3-AGB.Golden.Team

Genre: Action, Shooter, First-Person
Release Date: 03/19/2013
Platforms: PC, PS3, Xbox 360
Language English
Sound Language: English
Title: Crysis 3 Digital Deluxe
Crack: RELOADED CRACKFIX
Ripped: Other Languages
Game Version: 1.0.0.1
Total Size: 7.84 GB
Final Size: 16.3 GB

TESTED ON WIN 7 (64bit)

* Install Origin (Just in case)
* Download
* Unrar Files (Use Winrar or 7Zip)
* Mount or Burn
* Run setup.exe
* Install
* Play
* If you like this game buy it!


SYSTEM REQ
Operating System: Windows Vista (SP2), Windows 7 (SP1) or Windows 8
Processor: 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo 2.7 GHz or AMD Athlon 64X2
Memory: 2 GB (3 GB for Windows Vista)
Video Card: DirectX 11, 1 GB of memory (NVidia GTS 450, AMD Radeon HD5770 or better)
Sound Card: Sound device compatible with DirectX ï¿½ 9.0c
Free space on hard disk: 18 GB


Plot:
Crysis 3 continues the famous series of shooters from Crytek. The game is set in 2047, but you have to play the role of the Prophet. He returned to New York, where he learns that the city is under a dome Nanodome, which was established corporation CELL residents report that Nanodome necessary for their protection and cleaning of the last tsefov metropolis, but, in fact, its construction is part of the covert operation to capture technology for world domination. Donning improved Nanosuit and armed with a deadly bow and destructive alien technology, Prophet will prevent the insidious plans CELL and destroy the remaining aliens.

Features:
Seven wonders. New York, covered the huge dome, turned into an urban jungle. Master in seven areas and turn them to their hunting grounds.
Assess the situation, adapt and attack. Get ready for more open levels and improved Nanosuit, giving players even more freedom. Proceed secretly or go ahead - only you can decide how to proceed.
Improved multiplayer. Experiment with equipment nanokostyuma and enjoy the new game modes.
Most lethal arsenal in the history of the series. Besides powerful means of destruction of the earth in Crysis 3 trophy awaits the Alien and gorgeous bow.
Find your way, or build it yourself! Our customization system will do both, and more.
Evolution CryENGINE. Improved version of the engine CryENGINE allows to realize all ideas of the creative team to create a luxurious and Crytek graphics and exciting gameplay of variability.     