Software name : DVDFab Passkey Program Version : 8.0.9.3 Final
Official site :www.DVDFab.com
Language : Multi
System requirements : Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8
Description :
DVDFab Passkey - a very useful tool: allows you to run any DVD and Blu-Ray without changing the region code (as is known, officially switched to drive this code can be only a few times), and protection removal copy, such as CSS, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, UOPs, ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, CORE X2, etc.

If you have problems with switching the region code different types of discs, try to download DVDFab Passkey. When you run, you can easily run any brand DVD and Bly-Ray media,
without switching the region code is not necessary, because the official switch in the drive code can be several times and no more, then I'll never not use this, but if so write, 
I believe as usual. Also, the program is able to remove the protection from the media, and works with completely different types of them. DVDFab Passkey could cope with decoding key
to famous defenses as RipGuard, CPPM, ARccOS and other others. after the area code will be deleted and the protection is removed, you can watch any type of media from any region and
any software, the more you will not be no restrictions. Please note that after the removal of the same security, you can do anything with the disk, for example to copy it to your computer,
overwrite, do the images, etc., are needed for this will come out different programs, but not the essence, the main removal of protection. DVDFab Passkey has a very intuitive interface,
in general, you simply have to insert the disc into the drive and start the process, and there is certainly a set, and then I think no one would be
able to deal with them. Do not forget that during registration, and more particularly after running the patch, you need to choose a product DVDFab Passkey, and some leave the default and
the patch does not work. As far as I know, the program is updated frequently, and all because the market there is increasing wheels with new protections, but the developers are on the alert
and prompt enough in the program includes new decryption keys, thanks to which you can break down the defense in a couple of mouse clicks. Actually that's a design before you decide whether or
 not, certainly not for me, my job is to give you a choice, but consider feedback from DVDFab Passkey almost exclusively positive, the application actually works well and coping with the tasks at five plus.