Album info
Artist: Ashton Shepherd
Release: where country grows
MusicBrainz: 3f4aabf8-c7ac-42e4-8eae-79c78aefb300
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Released: 2011-07-12
Label: MCA Nashville
Catalog#: 001537702
Country: US
Packaging: Jewel Case

01. Lock It Up (03:00)
02. I'm Good (03:25)
03. Where Country Grows (03:13)
04. I'm Just A Woman (04:39)
05. More Cows Than People (02:42)
06. Beer On A Boat (03:06)
07. While It An't Rainin' (04:11)
08. Tryin' To Go To Church (03:21)
09. That All Leads To One Thing (04:01)
10. Rory's Radio (03:39)

Within the United States the soaring cacophony of Rock, Rap and Hip-Hop may often prove to be the most rampant of movements among media concentration. When we think of Country and Western music, it’s mighty hard to conjure imagery exempt of Dolly Parton, craggy dungarees’ and then naturally, our innocuously slow friend, Cletus from The Simpsons. However, a fine young lady-resident of Coffeeville, Alabama gives the genre an all too needed kick up the ass... Quite literally!

Ashton Shepherd, this 24 year old package of fiery splendour, has communicated that exact spirit of revival through her newly released second album, ‘Where Country Grows’. She is seen to chisel sassy expression through a collection of amusingly garish songs thusly propelling her as a true veteran of the quintessential western sound.

“...deftly sculpting words and phrases like a seasoned master...” - Randy Lewis, The L.A. Times

Her worn-in rustic voice is instantly engaging, joyful, hopeful, yet also somewhat intimidating and tough-minded... What a parcel! This album is a flourishing transition from her debut, ‘Sounds So Good’, which in 2008 ascertained huge reception among the ‘Dollywood’ and Country and Western faithful. However, ‘Where Country Grows’ has definitely received a mixed bag of responses; with Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe rather scientifically slapping it with a C rating. He labelled the assemblage as "outdated". 

He also expounded that even as, "Ashton Shepherd is bringing country back to country... a dull vocal isn’t improved by exaggerated twang. It just sounds forced."

I would champion that her latest episode is considerably better than the former. Illustrative of such fanciful progression comes in the form of ‘Look It Up.’ This jocular yet essentially empowering number is by far my favourite of the lot; with its regrettably catchy pulse and frolicsome rhythm. And if you were thinking you were all good, you are then opportunely bestowed with ‘I’m Good’, which augments the playful quality earlier. And the title track, ‘More Cows Than People’, yes a rootin’ tootin fact of South Dakota, but more pertinently, is a fine humdinger worthy of toe tap or two.

I feel compelled to declare that I am writing this item whilst an episode of ‘Only Fool and Horses’ reverberates harmlessly in the background. And it got me all pensive... Del Boy and Dolly Parton are really one in the same - Why? You intuitive brutes rightly enquire. Well allow me to elucidate. In short, they’re timeless characters and are both indeed manifestations of society’s prevailing expression. Par exemple ‘Only Fools...’ proved so ingeniously comical, that the show became a national institution. By the same token, Dolly and her Country and Western compatriots, were so tremendously ingrained within American society, it never ceases to lose its appeal, even today...

Through Shepherd’s grounded vocal and vivacious charm an air of familiarity and accessibility, evoking huge collectivism, is accordingly unearthed. In no way am I saying the album’s a pioneering stride in musical venture, my tastes are pretty conflicting, however; her balanced commercial nous would probably keep her afloat on a tepid country wave for some time I’d imagine. There is room for this expressionist, and that room is firmly placed in the deep south of America... Alabama, she’s all yours!