IMDb Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0460681/
Wiki Link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supernatural_(U.S._TV_series)
Official site: http://www.cwtv.com/shows/supernatural



Season one of Supernatural, an American television series created by Eric Kripke, premiered on September 13, 2005, and concluded on May 4, 2006 after 22 episodes. It focuses on the protagonists Sam and Dean Winchester as they track down their father, John, who is on the trail of the demon who killed their mother and Sam's girlfriend. During their travels they use their father's journal to help them carry on the family businessΓÇösaving people and hunting supernatural creatures. Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles star as Sam and Dean, with Jeffrey Dean Morganrecurring as their father John and Nicki Aycox as the demonic Meg Masters. This is the only season to air on The WB Television Network, with all subsequent seasons airing on The CW Television Network, a joint venture of The WB and UPN. 
The first sixteen episodes of the season aired on Tuesdays at 9:00 pm ET in the United States, after which the series was rescheduled to Thursdays, Overall, the season averaged about 3.81 million American viewers. The season gained many award nominations, among them two Primetime Emmy Awards for work done on the pilot episode. While some critics did not like the mostly anthology-like format, others praised the show for the emotional moments and noted the brotherly chemistry between the lead actors. 
The season was internationally syndicated, airing in the United Kingdom on ITV, in Canada on Citytv, and in Australia on Network Ten. The first season was released on DVD as a six-disc box set on September 5, 2006, byWarner Home Video in Region 1. Although the season was split into two separate releases in Region 2, the complete set was released on October 2, 2006, and in Region 4 on October 2, 2007. The episodes are also available through digital retailers such as Apple's iTunes Store, Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace, andAmazon.com's on-demand TV service. 