TO MY FRIENDS: He has recently release this book for free on his website. It's nice to understand this financial crisis from the simple explanation of the book.Seed and share if you care. For more of Robert's books or report torrent errors, email me: connectnshare274@yahoo.com . I have plenty of his pdf books and want to exchange with you guys. If you haven't have any ebooks, just email me and i'll give you for FREE. 



BUY THE BOOK TO SUPPORT THE AUTHOR IF YOU CAN




FROM AMAZON ($12 a book): On the heels of his 2010 New York Times bestseller Conspiracy of the Rich, Robert Kiyosaki takes a new and hard-hitting look at the factors that impact people from all walks of life as they struggle to cope with change and challenges that impact their financial world.

In Unfair Advantage &mdash The Power of Financial Education Robert underscores his messages and challenges readers to change their context and act in a new way. Readers are advised to stop blindly accepting that they are ‘disadvantaged’ people with limited options. They are encouraged to act beyond their concept of limited options and challenge the preconception that they will struggle financially all of their lives.

Robert’s fresh approach to his time-tested messages includes clear, actionable steps that any individual or family can take, starting with education. Education becomes applied knowledge, a powerful tactic with measurable results.

In true Rich Dad style, readers will be challenged to understand two points of view, and experience how financial knowledge is their unfair advantage.

Why do the rich get richer even in a financial crisis? In his new book, An Unfair Advantage, Robert confirms his message and challenges readers to change their context and act in a new way. Readers are advised to stop blindly accepting that they are ‘disadvantaged’ people with limited options and challenge the notion that they will struggle, financially, all their lives.

What does school teach you about money? In most cases, the answer is “Not much.” If there is any financial education, the courses are taught by financial planners and bankers… the agents of Wall Street and the big banks, the very people that caused and profited from the financial crisis.

This book is about real financial education. This book is about how debt and taxes make the rich richer &hellip and why debt and taxes makes the poor and middle class struggle.

This book explains why the rich get richer, paying less in taxes, while the middle class shrinks &mdash with many losing jobs, homes, and retirement &mdash and paying more in taxes. This book is about the five unfair advantages a real financial education offers.
The Unfair Advantage of Knowledge
The Unfair Advantage of Taxes
The Unfair Advantage of Debt
The Unfair Advantage of Risk
The Unfair Advantage of Compensation
These five unfair advantages are the outcomes of real financial education.		