           Title: Let Over Lambda: 50 years of Lisp
           Author: Doug Hoyte   
           Source: Book
           Year: 2008
           Pages: 384
 
           Desc: Let Over Lambda is one of the most hardcore 
           computer programming books out there. Starting with 
           the fundamentals, it describes the most advanced 
           features of the most advanced language: COMMON LISP. 
           The point of this book is to expose you to ideas that 
           you might otherwise never be exposed to.

           This book is about macros, that is programs that write 
           programs. Macros are what make lisp the greatest 
           programming language in the world. When used properly, 
           macros enable amazing feats of abstraction, programmer 
           productivity, and code efficiency and security that 
           are unheard of elsewhere. Macros let you do things you 
           simply cannot do in other languages.

           If you are looking for a dry coding manual that 
           re-hashes common-sense techniques in whatever langue
           du jour, this book is not for you. This book is about 
           pushing the boundaries of what we know about 
           programming. While this book teaches useful macro 
           skills that can help solve your programming problems 
           today and now, it has also been designed to be 
           entertaining and inspiring. If you have ever wondered
           what lisp or even programming itself is really about, 
           this is the book you have been looking for.
 
           Notes: Text is a fully searchable djvu made from a
           scan of the book. Djvu was the chosen format rather
           than pdf, as djvu offers numerous technical
           advantages, analogous to the shift from avi to mkv.
           The bottom line to you is better quality and smaller
           file sizes. On the whole, the quality of the ebook 
           is good. Pages have been deskewed, dewarped, ocred 
           text layer for searching, indexed, and bitonalized.

           In the current setup, scanning books is very
           tedious and time consuming, so don't expect a large
           number of these book scan releases in the future,
           only books worth the work (such as this one) will be
           completed.