NOTE: I will only Seed this from around 8AM -8PM EST USA Time.I am not in a position to Seed but I do know this video has never been shared before and the only way to see it is thru an Inter Library Loan which is what I had to do in order to view this.Please if someone has the ability will you continue to share this ? I will need help and I do know there are many folks who want to learn about these Bastards.Only time I have ever seen the place where Members of my Family became "Martyrs".........Kamenets-Podolsky where they killed many in Bomb Craters.These are the people who were not human beings.they were the worst of the worst.Pure Evil Scum ! Make sure to Seed a bit so others can get this.Out of all the Holocaust Documentaries I have watched this one really will leave you almost Speechless.I Rate it a 9 or 10 out of 10.Very spot on with the Facts.


Einsatzgruppen:
The Death Brigades
Les Commandos de la Mort

France, 2009, 180 minutes
English narration, French, German w/ English subtitles
Directed by Michaël Prazan

Part I: Mass Graves (1941-1942)
90 minutes
Part II: Funeral Pyres (1942-1945)
90 minutes

In June 1941, Nazi mobile killing squads, known as Einsatzgruppen, were dispatched throughout Eastern Europe. By the spring of 1943, the 3000 members of the Einsatzgruppen, led by highly-educated officers and aided by local collaborators in each country, had systematically murdered over a million Jews and tens of thousands Roma, handicapped, partisans, Communists and Soviets. Who were these men who organized and carried out mass murder at close range?

Prazan’s definitive masterwork is one of the essential films documenting the Holocaust and features a powerful array of astounding, never-seen-before film and photographs (some in color) discovered by the filmmakers in Eastern European archives. Prazan interviews a slate of internationally renowned historians, including Christopher Browning, Christian Ingrao, Martin Dean and Ralf Ogorreck, along with Holocaust survivors, witnesses and perpetrators (several filmed using hidden cameras).

The film’s scope is broad, treating the Einsatzgruppen’s leadership, rank-and-file and collaborators, the machinations of their operations and the attempts soon after to dig up and destroy the evidence. The later part of the film explores efforts to bring members of the Einsatzgruppen to justice. Benjamin Ferencz, prosecutor of the Einsatzgruppen trial, is interviewed at length.