Download Instructions: No Modded Google play or Lucky Patcher needed

The top rated 3D launcher - Next Launcher 3D, will show you how 3D dynamic and 

highly 

customizable home screen replacement app could redefine your Android Launcher - 

Extend imagination, extend capabilities! Now, upgrade your outdated launcher to 

Next 

Launcher and embrace the next generation of user interface to your phone! Do not 

forget to rate us when you're satisfied with Next Launcher 3D!


Features

Stereoscopic Screen Preview

Stunning 3D screen preview with dazzling animation of screen switching enables you 

to access to, add, set home screen, and delete any screen on your launcher in a 

second.

Theme Mix Mode

Choose different theme styles for different elements (icon, folder, dock bar, and 

preview screen panel) respectively. Design the ultimate UI look you desire with 

Theme Mix Mode.

Enhanced Home Screen Transition Effect Border

Enable it through Next Key and experience stronger 3D visual effect when flipping 

home screen.

Elements Floating Mode 

Show how cool your phone can be to your friends!

All the elements on home screen float like the cloud. Blow your microphone or make 

voices to fasten the floating

Multi-select Apps

After selecting one app, use sliding gesture to multi-select the other apps. The 

fantastic interaction designs not only to wow people, but save efforts to fulfill 

batch operation on Android launcher home.

Customizing Home Screen

Packed with unlimited screen layout function, you may place icons, folders, or 

widgets randomly on your screen. Change 3D themes and wallpapers to reclaim your 

launcher home interface.

Icons

Icons support rotation, replace, Multi-select, align and so on. Operation is easy 

and fantastic. Multi-select apps, long press one of the selected apps to gather 

them, and draw a preview path by selecting operation from app icon menu.

Rotatable Dock

Invert the dock upward or downward to switch among Android launcher home, preview 

and editing modes.

App Drawer

Icons can be arranged by name or time. You can create folders by overlapping app 

icons. That batch operation to add icons on Android home is also available.

3D Widgets & Themes & Live Wallpapers

Popular widgets in 3D space including switch, music, and clock have been released, 

with weather, task manager, calendar, notification widgets coming soon. Numerous of 

3D themes and live wallpapers are being prepared for the launcher.

Redefine Your Android phone with Next Launcher 3D right now!

Watch Next Launcher 3D demo through YouTube to preview all the stunning features:

What's in this version:

V1.37

1.(New)Default theme 2.0

2.(New)More shortcuts in Next key (Click Next key)

3.(Fixed) Some FC bugs
