p r e s e n t   t h e   3 0 k - c o l l e c t i o n

Roxio Toast Titanium v11.1.1072 *INCL.KEYMAKER*

Cracked by....:  symmetry/KaiZer   Release-Name..:  CR-TTU01.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2013/03/12
Packaged......:  Bergelmir         Release-Type..:  Util
Protection....:  Serial            OS............:  MacOSX
Crack/SN......:  Keymaker          Language......:  Multilingual
Rating........:  [You decide!]     Disks.........:  81


..: DESCRiPTiON :..

OS X already includes the disc burning options which most people
would need on a day-to-day basis - files can be easily copied to
disc, and there is also the option of creating and working with
disc images. As such, you may wonder why anybody would need a
third party disc burning tool. But glance through the features and
options available in Roxio Toast 11 Titanium, and you quickly
start to understand just what is missing from the Mac OS.

A slightly re-designed interface makes it easier than ever to
navigate through Toast?s various options. In addition to standard
disc burning tools, there is also an impressively easy to use
backup app that can be used to secure your files - but the main
focus of the suite is on getting creative with your media files
As such, it is easy to create audio, video and photo-based discs
and even create covers and labels for them. Audio and video can be
captured from a variety of sources including web sites and
camcorders, and there are a number of conversion options available
- including the ability to optimise video for display on iOS
devices. Support for multiple burners means that creating several
copies of the same disc is now faster than ever.

Note that Toast 11.1 ships with a whole host of improvements,
including full support for Mountain Lion, Retina user-interface
and much more.

Languages: EN/FR/DE/IT/JP/PT/RU/ES/ZH


..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..

Use our keymaker to register the application.

NOTE: Ignore the compress files named "trips-utopia*missing"


Thanks for choosing
(C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering!