Open DVD ripper

Open DVD ripper 3 is the most suitable DVD ripping tool for movie fans who are fond of watching movies freely on many common devices. With its optimized all-round functions, you can freely convert your DVD movies to many currently popular portable media devices such as iPod, iPhone, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPad 1, iPad 2, The new iPad, Apple TV, Xbox 360, Mobile Phone, GPhone, Smart Phone, PSP, PS3, BlackBerry, iRiver, Sony, Zune, Archos, Windows Phone, HTC mobile, Motorola mobile and various other mobile phones.
Open DVD ripper 3 added the 2D to 3D conversion function which will surely satisfy your need, and the new GPU decoding and the optimized H.264 encoding speed makes the conversion speed 50% higher. It can help you freely control the starting and ending chapters for conversion, and you can edit the title you want to convert, remove unwanted borders, adjust image effects, add watermarks, etc. Open DVD ripper 3 will be the most considerate converting software for you!

Features:

Converts the DVD movies to various video and audio formats, which makes you experience various visual effects.
Supports a wide range of most popular multimedia devices.
Added the function of converting 2D to 3D movies and set the 3D features as Red/Cyan, Red/Green, Red/Blue, Blue/Yellow, Interleaved, Side By Side, etc.
Enables GPU decoding and optimized encoding speed to get super high conversion speed with high quality.
The optimized H.264 encoding speed makes the conversion speed 50% higher.
Converts ISO files to many other video and audio formats with high quality.
Decrypts various common protections such as CSS-encrypted, Region-protected and Sony ARCCOS protections.
The brand-new Express and Expert interfaces make the DVD conversion more convenient and easier.
Converts multiple chapters simultaneously, saving more time for users.
Select the starting and ending chapters for conversion, omitting the unwanted extras.
Edit the title you want to convert.
Add your preferred image or text watermarks into the converted movie.
Change the brightness, contrast, saturation, etc to get your desired visual effect.
Select your preferred audio track and subtitle for each chapter.
Shuts down the computer when the conversion is finished.
Free technical support.

System Requirements:

Minimum configuration:

Pentium-II 450 MHz
64MB of RAM
500MB free hard disk space
Windows 2000
A DVD-ROM drive

Recommended configuration:

Intel Core2 1.86GHz or a faster processor
2048MB of RAM
20 GB free hard disk space (NTFS partition)
Windows Vista, XP, 7
A DVD-ROM drive
An NVIDIA video card (GeForce 8, 9, 100, 200, 400-series GPUs with a minimum of 256MB of local graphics memory.)

Homepage: http://www.opencloner.com/open-dvd-ripper.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.