UPC:	029667170420
Format:	CD
Release Year:	1999
Record Label:	Ace (Label)
Genre:	Rock & Pop

Track Listing
1. Let's Get Wild - Rudy Grayzell
2. Find a New Woman - Arnold Parker
3. Boogie Woogie All Night - Bill Willis
4. Where There's a Will There's a Way - Carl Trantham
5. Tally Ho - Ernie Nowlin
6. Woman I Love, The - Gene Terry & His Kool Kats
7. Tip, Tap & Tell Me - Gene Terry & His Kool Kats
8. Sweet Rockin' Mama - The Hi-Tombs
9. I'm Gonna Rock Some Too - The Hodges Brothers
10. Goin' Steppin' - JC Sawyer
11. I'm Doing All Right - Jerry Hanson
12. Live It Up - Joe Moon and the Stars of Note
13. Teenage Cutie - Doug Wray/Link Wray/Lucky Wray/Link
14. Be-Boppin' Daddy - Mack Banks
15. You're So Dumb - Mack Banks & His Drifting Troubadours
16. Sweet Love - Orangie Ray Hubbard
17. Crawdad Song - Red Moore & His Rhythm Drifters
18. Dumplin' Pie - Sleepy Jeffers
19. Hobo Bop - Tommy Nelson
20. Wore to a Frazzle - The Swing Kings/Tony & Jackie Lamie & The Swing Kings
21. My Chicken Pen - Warren Robbe
22. Gosh Dog Baby - Jay Richards
23. Ten Long Fingers - Joe Poovey
24. Gotta Keep It Swinging - Eddie Skelton

Details
Playing Time:	55 min.
Producer:	Ray Topping (Compilation)
Distributor:	E1 Distribution (USA)
Recording Type:	Studio
Recording Mode:	Mixed
SPAR Code:	n/a

Album Notes
Contains 24 tracks.Performers include: Lucky Wray, Bill Willis, Orange Ray Hubbard, Eddie Skelton, Rudy Grayzell, Mack Banks, Hi-Tombs.This is Texas rockabilly served up raw and honest on this 24-track collection that also features many of the custom pressed singles that came out on Starday's Dixie subsidiary, roping in out of state hopefuls. Tracks like Tony & Jackie Lamie's "Wore to a Frazzle," Mack Banks' "Be-Boppin' Daddy," the Hi-Tombs' "Sweet Rockin' Mama," Warren Robbe's "My Chicken Penn" are rockabilly with one foot still doing a square dance, hillbilly artists giving this new music a shot with surprisingly wild results. The quality and approaches vary wildly from rocked-out strokes like Rudy Grayzell's "Let's Get Wild" and Jay Richards' "Gosh Dog Baby" to straight-up Elvis wannabes like Gene Terry's "The Woman I Love" and Carl Trantham's "Where There's a Will (There's a Way)." You'd be hard-pressed to find a cruder bopper than "Boogie Woogie All Night" by Bill Willis, just as you'd be equally hard-pressed to find a better Jerry Lee tribute than Groovy Joe Poovey's "Ten Long Fingers." Bottom line, this is one '50s rockabilly collection that delivers the goods big time and would make an essential addition to anyone's rockabilly must-have list. No major hits, but much major music. ~ Cub Koda
