This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Various Artists - Sun & Surf! Cars And Guitars (1994)

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

All Music Album Review (by Richie Unterberger):

Another Del-Fi compilation that mixes up a bunch of rarities into a blender, spitting it out as Sun & Surf, Cars & Guitars, an umbrella that doesn't leave much out when you're talking early rock & roll. The lack of liner notes adds to the slapped-together feel, but it's a decent pastiche of material that found a home on the L.A. label in the early half of the '60s, though a good deal of the cuts by the Lively Ones, Bobby Fuller, the Centurions, and others can be found on other Del-Fi comps. As far as enticing collectibles go, the "Twist and Shout" ripoff by the American Four tops the list, as it features a pre-Love Arthur Lee as lead vocalist. There are also three hot rod instrumentals by the Darts with Glen Campbell on guitar, a Buddy Hollyish number by Dick Dale, and future Beach Boy Bruce Johnston's "Do the Surfer Stomp." 

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/sun--surf-cars-and-guitars-r237669

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000001JIZ

Track List:

01. The Lively Ones - Hot Pastrami
02. The Bobby Fuller Four - Krla King Of The Wheels
03. The Darts - Hollywood Drag
04. Larry Bright - Surfin' Queen
05. The Lively Ones - Tranquilizer
06. The Surfettes - Sammy The Sidewalk Surfer
07. The Centurions - Intoxica
08. The American Four (With Arthur Lee) - Luci Baines
09. The Darts - Alky Burner
10. The Truants - Surfing Is The Only Life For Me
11. The Bobby Fuller Four - Wolfman
12. Dick Dale - Mary
13. Dave Myers & The Surftones -
14. Bruce Johnston - Do The Surfer Stomp
15. The Bobby Fuller Four - The Lonely Dragster
16. Opus I - Backseat '38 Dogge
17. The Centurions - Surf Battle
18. Richie Valens - Ooh! My Head
19. The De-Fenders - Rum Runner
20. The Darts - Hayburner

