Size: 315 MB
Language: English
Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation) and iPad. Requires iOS 4.0 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.




“Hello and welcome. My name is Vonya. My scans recognize you as being of the Cypress bloodline. These paintings belong here and that is where they shall stay.  You may get the inheritance from this mansion, but I won’t make it easy.  You are not going to succeed.” 
Cypress Inheritance is the first game of the Cypress Inheritance saga and one of the best Action/Adventure games to hit the App Store. 
  
Lorna, Alfred Cypress’s granddaughter discovers she has inherited multiple mansions across the globe. 
  
Her first adventure starts in the Cypress Estate, where her mission is to collect and safely extract the seven priceless paintings hidden within. 
  
With Alfred’s passing, Vonya, the artificial intelligence that he has programmed into the mansion has become more self-aware and possessive. 
  
Vonya’s sole purpose is to protect the Cypress Estate and Alfred’s Legacy. With her army of fierce robotic knights and full control of the mansion, she is determined to keep Lorna away. 
  
Explore the vast fantasy world of the mansion as it unfolds new paths, clues and mystery.  Fight your way through countless obstacles and thrilling challenges in search of your heritage and past. 
  
Most of all have fun, but beware… Vonya is watching every move you make. 

Features 

· Fun, Kid/Family Friendly Combat and Exploration - Suitable For All Ages – No risk of death, harsh violence, blood, profanity or vulgar language. 

· Engaging Storyline and Stunning 3D Graphics combine to create an incredible World of Mystery, Fantasy, and Suspense powered by the Unreal Engine. 

· Celebrity Cast and Original Music provide an Epic, Immersive Experience. 

· Interact with the Dynamic, Multi-Level Gameplay through Intuitive and Easy-to-Learn Controls. 

· Challenges and Puzzles that change every time you play provide hours of Replay Value.