Defiance S01E04 XviD [JKS]
.
Video
XviD
Length: 42:42
Frame width.: 720
Frame Height: 406
Data rate: 1240kbps
Total bitrate: 1368kbps
Frame rate: 29 f/s
.
Audio
MP3
Bit Rate: 128kbps
Channels: 2 stereo
Audio sample rate: 48kHz
.
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034303/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defiance_(TV_series) 
Official Site: http://www.defiance.com/en/
.
Defiance is an American science fiction television series developed for television by Rockne S. O'Bannon, Kevin Murphy, and Michael Taylor. The series is produced by Universal Cable Productions, in transmedia collaboration with Trion Worlds, who are producing an MMORPG video game of the same name which will be tied into the series. Defiance stars Grant Bowler as Joshua Nolan, the local lawman in a border town known as Defiance, as well as Julie Benz, who plays the newly appointed mayor of Defiance, Amanda Rosewater. Also starring are Stephanie Leonidas, Jaime Murray, Tony Curran, and Graham Greene.
---
Defiance Season 01 Episode 04
Title: A Well Respected Man Directed by: Michael Nankin Written by: Craig Gore & Tim Walsh Original air date: May 6, 2013
...
Nolan intercepts a shipment of weapons being transferred by two of Datak Tarr's men; unknown to both Nolan and Amanda, the town council had made a deal with Datak to arrange for weapons to be delivered to the town after the loss of the shield generator. Nolan's relationship with Amanda's sister Kenya develops, somewhat to Amanda's displeasure. Kenya and one of her girls are kidnapped by Ulysses, the bioman employed by Datak as a prizefighter; he is kidnapping street people and taking them to a human lab technician, Miko (guest star Robin Dunne), who is harvesting their adrenalin to use as an illegal drug. Nolan and Amanda clash with Datak to get her back, but he refuses to help; Stahma Tarr suggests to Amanda that she show respect to Datak by making him a member of the town council. With grudging help from Datak, Nolan locates the lab; meanwhile Kenya has realises that her wanderings in a maze, pursued by a Volge, are a virtual reality, escapes and kills Miko. Nolan, Irisa and Amanda arrive in time to save