Mz Berlin vs Serena Blair

Feb 15, 2013 - Performers: Mz Berlin and Serena Blair 
 
        
MP4 + Pics.

WMV can be found here: 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/8147802/DeviceBondage---DB-28836_Mz_Berlin_and_Serena_Blair_WMV 
        

Today Mz Berlin is on her own going after girl next door with simply amazing tits, Serena Blair. A girl of natural beauty - very fit from horse back riding, ball room dancing, and sports gets turned out by sadistic bitch Mz. In scene one, Serena is bound kneeling in a precarious metal ankle and wrist stocks predicament. Mz offsets her balance by using a heavy flogger and then caning her feet. Serena desperately tries to escape, but the joy of Device Bondage is that escape is impossible. Teased and tormented with the vibrator and intensely tormented with nipple clamps, Serena is a writhing hot mess in the clutches of Mz Berlin.

Next Serena is bound in a stock predicament. First she is made to lay down on a very uncomfortable metal grate. Her neck is trapped in a wood stock. Her fingers are bound against another wood stock that is then shackled against her body, keeping her torso down. Her ankles are elevated and another wood stock is drilled in, holding them in place. Then the torment begins. Rubber bands on the feet, nipple suction, and a nice firm ass paddling set our girl next door on fire. Mz slides a nice thick dildo into Serena's more than willing and actually dripping cunt and works her over. This cunt wants to cum so bad. Almost immediately she is begging for release.

Finally out fit and tan slut is bound in a face down spread eagle arch, showing off her great ass. Her head is trapped by a gag that is bolted to a metal column. This bitch can barely move a muscle. Mz works her hard with intense flogging. Our pretty princess doesn't care for the pain too much, but Mz calls Serena a whiny princess and is apathetic towards the princess's protests. After Mz has thoroughly enjoyed herself with Serena's suffering, Mz infiltrates her ass with a hard dildo coupled with the hitatchi. Princess bitch is beside herself and cums, cums, and cums. Mz is relentless and has no intentions of stopping the intense orgasms anytime soon...

Screens   
http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=28836

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

