Title: UFO Trilogy (includes UFO: Aftermath, UFO: Aftershock and UFO: Afterlight)
Genre: strategy / real-time / sci-fi
Released:
&gt; UFO: Aftermath - 3rd October 2003
&gt; UFO: Aftershock - 18th November 2005
&gt; UFO: Afterlight - 16th March 2007
Developer: Altar Interactive
Publisher: 1C Publishing
Description:
UFO: Trilogy is a collection of three titles from the critically acclaimed UFO series - UFO: Aftermath, UFO: Aftershock and UFO: Afterlight - which takes you on a voyage from Earth to Mars! Enjoy hours of gameplay in this combination of squad based tactical action and global strategy.

UFO: Aftermath is a combination of a small squad tactical combat and a global strategy game, pitting you against an alien threat. Use all of your skills and abilities to defend the Earth from its destruction. Fight against many kinds of mutans and aliens, research new technologies, develop incredible weapons and devices which will help you in your war against the uninvited space visitors.

UFO: Aftershock is a combination of tactical squad combat and global strategy that enhances and expands upon its prequel. It is the year 2054, fifty years after the disaster which made the surface of Earth become uninhabitable. Retreating to the flying haven of the Laputa, the remnants of humankind clung onto existence. Then a revolt against the increasingly rigid and corrupt human leadership of the Laputa escalated into a conflict that destroyed the colony. Now the remaining survivors flee once again. Can they reclaim Earth from the unknown forces that chased them into the skies?

UFO: Afterlight takes alien warfare to another time and place. Mankind has been dealt a cruel blow. We have lost our homeworld and yet, we are not defeated. Now we fight to conquer a new home. The base camp on the surface of Mars is self-sustainable, providing oxygenated air, water and nutrients. Mars is a barren planet, a wasteland of dust and rock. If mankind is to survive, Mars must be tamed. Squad based tactical action and global strategy take center stage as you manage resources, research advanced technologies and control elite ground troops to secure a new future for humanity.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP/Vista/7, 1 GHz CPU, nVidia GeForce 5700 or ATI Radeon 9500 graphics card with DirectX 9.0c and Shader Model 3 support, 512 MB RAM, 7 GB free HDD space.

How to play:
1) Run Autorun.exe and click on game title to start its setup program (or start Setup.exe from respective game folder) and install the game;
2) Launch each game using its main executable or shortcuts (DRM free).

! Notice
The games are already updated to their latest versions.

If you like this collection, BUY it!

www.dotemu.com/en/download-game/1730/ufo-trilogy