PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 004

David Pawson - Israel - The Church And The End Times



POtHS - The Word - 004 - David Pawson - Israel - The Church And The End Times



POtHS Comment:  David has a fresh approach to the Scriptures. He is very easy to listen too. I like him very much.

Description:

Israel - The Church And The End Times

David Pawson was born in 1930. His father was a Methodist minister and his grandfather, a Professor of Agriculture. David, however, began his career with a degree  in Agriculture at Durham University, England. With a newly acquired farm in Scotland, David was surprised when God intervened and led him to become a Christian minister.

After completing an MA in Theology at Cambridge University, David became a chaplain in the Royal Air Force for three years. David moved on to pastor a number of churches in England including the Millmead Centre in Guildford where under DavidΓÇÖs caring leadership, the church became a model for many UK church pastors. His time at Millmead was also his most fruitful in terms of the library of his audio teachings. In 1979 David was released from the Millmead Centre to fulfill a wider international ministry.

David Pawson

David now has  an itinerant ministry predominantly to church leadersworld wide. Millions of copies of his audio Bible teachings have been distributed to over 120 countries. He is a writer and speaker of urgency, clarity, and uncompromising faithfulness to the Scriptures. He is widely considered to be one of the worldΓÇÖs finest biblical expositors.

David & his wife Enid currently reside in the county of Hampshire in the UK.


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 


