

                   PART  502


                                 
            THE CURE  -  The Love Cats (1983)
            THE CURE  -  Close to Me  (1985)
            THE CURE  -  Catch (1987)
            THE CURE  -  Friday I'm in Love  (1992)



    "The Love Cats" is a 1983 single by The Cure. It was the band's first Top 10 hit in the UK, peaking at number seven, and also hit number six in Australia. It later appeared on the compilation album Japanese Whispers. The original UK-only single appears to list the title as "The Lovecats", as do various compilations.
    "Close to Me" is a song by The Cure from their album "The Head on the Door". On its original release, the single was most successful in Ireland, peaking at #4, also reaching #7 in Australia. It was remixed in 1990, which itself was released as a single, peaking at #13 on the UK singles chart and #97 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US in January 1991.
    "Catch" is the name of a 1987 single by The Cure from their album "Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me". The single was not released in the US. It charted at #27 in the UK.
    "Friday I'm in Love" is the second single taken from the album Wish (1992). It won the award for European Viewer's Choice for Best Music Video at the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards.The video, directed by Tim Pope, features the band performing the song in front of various backdrops on a soundstage. Throughout the video, the band play around with various props and costumes while several extras wander about, causing chaos and ultimately trashing the set. Tim Pope makes a cameo in the beginning, riding a rocking horse and yelling out high-pitched stage directions through a plastic megaphone after inhaling helium from a balloon. The final shot is of bassist Simon Gallup crouching and peering into the camera while wearing a bridal veil and holding some champagne. The single was a number 6 hit in the UK and reached number 18 on the Billboard Hot 100. It is the band's last American Top 40 hit to date. It was also the band's last song (in a string of four) to top the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, matching the success of their previous single, "High", with a four-week stint at number 1.