


Book Title: Revolution in Central America (1984)

Author: Daniel Fogel

# of pages: 284

Table of Contents:


1. El Salvador: Which Class will Win the Civil War? Agrarian crisis; Agrarian reform, agrarian repression: Phase 1; Phase 2: the phase that never was; Phase 3: 'Land to the tiller'; Archbishop Romero sides with the poor...and is murdered by the dictatorship...and buried amidst a massacre of the poor; Church hierarchy retrenches to the right; Class structure of El Salvador; The FMLN; Death of Anaya Montes and Cayetano Carpio; Which class is to lead the revolution?; Revolutionary rift in the FMLN; Revolutionary combatants under the political lead of liberal noncombatants; The Contadora process of sabotaging the revolution; The 'political solution' and the political solution; Revolutionary vs. bourgeois negotiations; 'Zimbabwe solution' or 'Nicaragua solution'?

2. Nicaragua: Workers and Peasants Triumph February 1978: insurrection in Monimbó; The masses prepare for revolution...and the FSLN reunites; September 1978 revolution; From revolutionary defeat to revolutionary victory; Workers' state, petty-bourgeois government; Class struggle sharpens; The coalition government is wrenched; Revolutionary democracy vs. counterrevolutionary liberalism; Agrarian revolution, FSLN reform; Women's struggle; Bureaucratically deformed workers' state; FSLN leaders abandon the Salvadoran revolution; Bureaucracy or revolutionary democracy?; Revolutionary youth, senile leaders.

3. The Miskitu Question in Nicaragua Historical background to the conflict; U.S. monopolies invade, proletariat emerges; The Miskitu and Sandino; Decline of the Atlantic coast; Men and women in Miskitu society; The Moravian church and capitalism; The trauma of dependent capitalism; The Miskitu and the revolution; The situation after Somoza's overthrow; In the name of Sandino...a chauvinist policy is imposed; Contradictions of the literacy campaign...and state industrial policy...and heavy-handed bureaucracy...and land rights policy; The case of Steadman Fagoth; The turning point; General strike against the FSLN; Fagoth bolts to Honduras; Chauvinism assumes legal form; Lenin vs. the FSLN; Positive aspects of FSLN policy; The 'red Christmas' plot; Mass relocation of the Miskitu from their ancestral home; A heavy hand against the Miskitu, a light hand against the somocistas; Miskitu leaders choose up sides; FSLN's amnesty and self-criticism; The Miskitu question as viewed by North American Indians; Repression of Miskitu by Honduran army; Brooklyn Rivera's return; A new Miskitu organization.

4. Guatemala and the Fate of the Americas Partial revolution of 1944; Arbenz is elected; Arbenz' agrarian reform; Arbenz overthrown; Guatemala 1954 vs. Nicaragua today; Guevara's contradictory legacy; Lessons of the Cuban revolution; The false foco theory; The FAR and foquismo in Guatemala; A ghost from the Arbenz regime fronts for military dictatorship; Revolutionary movement crushed; Economic boom, growth of dependent capitalism; Capitalism recruits its gravediggers; Onslaught of military/bureaucratic bourgeoisie; Transformation of the revolutionary movement; The ORPA; The EGP; New mass movement raises its head; The Coca-Cola workers' struggle; The earthquake and the people's movement; 'We don't want elections, we want revolution'; Rise of the Committee for Farm Workers' Unity; Semi-insurrection of September 1978; Carter's 'break' with Lucas Garcia regime; Massacre at the Spanish embassy; Farm workers' mass strike; Lucas Garcia's armored car race to hell...and Rios Montt's 'born again' dictatorship; Counterinsurgency verging on genocide; Army's model villages and civil defense patrols; Economic devastation...and another turn in the military's fortune wheel; Best men of the counterrevolution step to the fore; The U.S. stake; Latin America's future.

5. The Church Torn by Class Struggle The Vatican moves with the times; The new christian movement; Origins of christianity; Internal contradiction of Jesus' teachings; Christianity spreads to the dispossessed of Rome; Social contradictions emerge within the christian movement; The Pontius Pilates of the Vatican against the Christs of the people's movements; The inquisition and 'witch' persecutions; From protestant revolution...to protestant reaction; The people's revenge; The church moves into the capitalist epoch...and competes against marxist workers' movements; The second Vatican council; The Medellín conference, 1968; Bishops espouse liberation theology; El Salvador; Archbishop Romero and the people's movement; Reactionary church hierarchy; Democratic bishops vs. fascist bishops; Puebla bishops' conference, 1979; Romero and the 'radical civilian/military' regime; Romero vs. the pope; As Rivera y Damas moves to the right...the people's church struggles for its life; People's church vs. the oligarchy's church; Rivera's balancing act; Is the people's church struggling to win?; The pope's visit; Guatemala; Nicaragua; Christian charity serves the counterrevolution; The bishops go over to counterrevolution; The people defend their priests; The pope's letter to Obando; Struggle in Santa Rosa parish; Against the counterrevolutionary sects; Naked came the priest...and up in arms went the reactionaries; The pope meets the revolution; Dispute over military policy; Rightist clerics join the contras; Christians to the left of Christ, marxist-leninists to the right of Marx and Lenin; Which class does the bible really serve?

6. Women's Liberation Transatlantic inquisition; Conquest of America, conquest of women; Capitalist greed undermines patriarchal family; El Salvador; Guatemala; Nicaragua; Demilitarization of women; Progressive and reactionary women's legislation; How did Henry Hyde get to stand on both sides of the barricade in Nicaragua?; The gay question; Women in catholicism, women against catholicism; The hemisphere stood on its head.


