Adobe Muse

Adobe Muse is a design application which enables graphic designers to design and publish unique, professional HTML websites to the latest web standards without writing code. Create websites as easily as you create layouts for print. With easy-to-use master pages, built-in tools for interactivity and more, Muse makes it a snap to produce distinctive, professional websites. Get Muse and take it for a spin to see just how useful it can actually be when it comes to producing great looking webpages without having to write a single line of HTML code, JavaScript or any of the other usual low-level technicalities! Quickly lay a smart foundation for your site so you can spend more time designing. Easy-to-use sitemaps, master pages, and automatically applied layout basics in Adobe Muse software make it fast and intuitive to plan your work.

Planning, designing, and publishing original HTML pages is as easy as creating layouts for print. With master pages; access to over 400 web fonts served by Adobe Typekit; built-in tools for interactivity, including contact forms; and a choice of publishing hosts, you can produce distinctive, professional websites that meet the latest web standards.

Plan your site
Get started with easy-to-use sitemaps, master pages, and a host of flexible, sitewide tools that make planning your site fast and intuitive.

Design with freedom
Focus on design, not technology. Combine imagery, graphics, and beautiful typography with all the control you expect from Adobe.

Add rich interactivity
Create compelling interactivity with slide shows, contact forms, lightboxes, and more. Plus, add maps and feeds from sources such as Google Maps and Facebook.

Preview and publish
Preview your site with Adobe Muse to see how it looks and test how it works. Take your site live by either using Adobe for hosting or exporting to a provider of your choice.

System Requirements Windows:

2.33GHz Intel Pentium 4, AMD Athlon 64 2800+, or faster processor
Microsoft Windows XP Home, Professional, or Tablet PC Edition with Service Pack 3; Windows Server 2003 or 2008; Windows Vista Home Premium, Business, Ultimate, or Enterprise (including 64-bit editions) with Service Pack 2; or Windows 7
1GB of RAM
Adobe AIR 3.3

Homepage: http://www.adobe.com/products/muse.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Detail Installation Instructions given in crack folder to follow.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.