Review
This DVD is a once in a lifetime opportunity to see two of Hollywood's finest and smartest teachers combine their masterful approaches to plot, character, and commercial success. --Rich Krevolin, Screenwriting Professor at UCLA

No one knows storytelling and structure better than Michael and Chris. --Jeffrey Arch, Screenwriter, Sleepless in Seattle
Product Description
Want to write a screenplay, novel, stageplay, or other form of fiction? 
The Hero's Two Journeys DVD series is one of the best-selling writing instructional DVDs of all time. And it's now been updated with improved sound, graphics, and an extra six hours of new bonus audio.

The Hero's Two Journeys DVD series with Six Hours Bonus Audio teaches you how to unite the outer journey of plot with the inner journey of character arc.  Great stories, whether screenplays, plays, or novels, require their hero or heroine to overcome  obstacles as they reach their journey's end.  Along this journey, your character must develop and grow.    If you want to become a great writer, the two authors and teachers in this series will help you overcome any obstacles in your path.

DVD 1 covers the Outer Journey.  In this disc, Michael Hauge introduces his Six Stage Plot Structure along with many other teaching points. Michael Hauge is a script consultant, author and lecturer who works with writers, filmmakers, and executives on their screenplays and film projects. Michael is the bestselling author of Writing Screenplays That Sell and Selling Your Story In 60 Seconds. Michael has coached writers, producers, stars and directors on projects for Will Smith, Julia Roberts, Jennifer Lopez, Charlize Theron and Morgan Freeman, as well as for every major studio and network. He has presented his screenwriting seminars and lectures to more than 40,000 writers and filmmakers worldwide.

DVD 2 covers the Inner Journey.  In this disc, Christopher Vogler talks about the various inner obstacles and challenges your character must overcome to complete his or her growth.  Christopher Vogler is a writer and story analyst who has been a producer, screenwriter, and development executive for major Hollywood studios. He consulted with The Walt Disney Company on the hit animated films BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, ALADDIN, THE LION KING, FANTASIA, and others. Christopher is the author of the hugely popular book The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure For Writers.

DVD 3 uses examples such as the award-winning movie ERIN BROCKOVICH to show you real examples of how characters must follow both the Inner and the Outer Journey.

Disc 4 is a bonus disc with 6 hours of audio in MP3 form.  You can listen on your computer, on a portable MP3 player like an iPod, or convert these files into an audio CD for your car or home stereo. This bonus disc includes Screenwriting for Hollywood, a three-hour series from Michael Hauge, and Using Myth to Power Your Story, a three-hour series from Chris Vogler.
 
http://www.amazon.com/Heros-Journeys-Series-Updated-Edition/dp/B002M3WWKO/ref=pd_cp_mov_0