Released Date: (2012/2/8)
Number of Discs: 1 CD
Format: Limited Edition
Label: dmARTS
Duration: 59 minutes
ASIN: B00692S71M

Product Description:
[Specifications]
Special sleeve case specification drawn Super Sonico

Inclusion benefits [] (planned)
Charm child mascot design, community card clipart child super Resona, Resona to Resona to super super

No way is Jishutore in CD! ? Child "will be released album" "singing saw" the Resona super!

Hatsune Miku music album cover of the first of the "Super Sonico" live mascot of the PC game maker Nitroplus Girl!

Height of their popularity! The child has finally released "singing saw" an album Resona super!
In August this year, contributed to animation with a smile as soon as they saw the video of singing "Dear" of 19's Sound Factory, won the # 1 site's "singing saw" of the rankings.
Eagerly-awaited album release in September at the time of addition, and video playback more than 200,000 hits, suddenly has become a hot stock "singing saw" of the artist!

Vocaloid songs are popular songs, of course, Nanou creator of Bokaro, 19's Sound Factory, Mr. 3 ~Ino Rashi demons, and newly written a new song for this work. Nanou, 19's Sound Factory, participation and guitar duet, guitar, provided music at the piano not only the likelihood ~Iha!

In addition, the child is in the character of the first officially recognized the cosplay of Hatsune Miku, Miku Hatsune also expanded collaboration with the Resona illustrations super!

Jacket, collaboration and illustrations drawn by Miku special for this work! !

First Press Limited specification deluxe package!
Luxury packaging benefits!

Community Members card is the image of a card "Resona community" Super Super Sonico Nikoni community, using the Hatsune Miku illustration of super draw down to Resona.

Tracklist:

1.  Romeo to Cinderella ( doriko )
2.  DearπÇÇ∩╝ê19's Sound Factory∩╝ë
3.  Happy Synthesizer ( EasyPop )
4.  A RiA ( toku )
5.  Fukurou nosora ( deka dai )
6.  Fuantei kanojo ( 19s Sound Factory shinkyoku ) 
     Gitar: 19s Sound Factory
7.  Soar ( minato )
8.  Yuuhi Saka ( doriko )
9.   From Y to Y ( jimi samu P) &gt;.&lt; I Love This song
10. asayake , kun no uta ( nanou )
11. touinkuru ( Junky )
12. Cat's Dance
13. Smile ( nanou kakioroshi shinkyoku ) 
      Duet & Gitar : Nanoubesu Takada Yuuichi ( MEANING/ELLEGARDEN ) 
      Drum : HAZE/ Oomiya Yousuke


(All of it are copy/paste from 
