Trillion Year Spree: The History of Science Fiction - Brian Aldiss



Trillion Year Spree

Publisher’s Blurb
Trillion Year Spree is the first book ever to present a comprehensive history of science fiction. Since an earlier version was published in 1973, science fiction has gained enormous popularity, not only in book and magazine form but in other media, most vividly on wide screen. From the earliest showing of Star Wars onwards, there has just been no stopping SF. This new version, twice the size of the old one, is virtually a new book. Every chapter has been revised. The whole story has been brought up-to-date.

Brian Says

    A revised and enlarged version of Billion Year Spree. Much had happened in the SF world between 1973 and 1986. The greate expansion of interest is reflected in the extended length of Trillion, 275,000 words long, against Billion’s 140,000 words. This was the first book to go through Margaret Aldiss’s Olivetti word processor. Much praised, much damned, its wit, brio, and good humour often overlooked. But surely a well-read book, which seeks to give a clear overview of the literature since the Gothic novel and Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein – without any self-puffery.

Editorial Reviews


Although the history of imaginative literature formerly was the province of academicians, practitioners of the genre have themselves now begun to turn their attention to their rootsJames Gunn, Frederik Pohl, Donald Wollheim and Brian Aldiss, who has written arguably the best work of the lot. With the help of Wingrove, Aldiss has expanded his 1973 Billion Year Spree and produced a book that is at once scholarly and witty, thoughtful and opinionated. He maintains his positions on several controversial points that drew criticism in the earlier study: specifically, that "modern" science fiction can with certainty be dated from Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, and that Hugo Gernsback, editor/publisher of the pioneering Amazing Stories magazine, did more harm for the field than good. This is an entertaining and lively work and, for those seriously interested in the subject, necessary. Illustrations not seen by PW.
.
From Library Journal

This is an updated and greatly expanded version of Aldiss's highly respected Billion Year Spree (1973). The first ten chapters remain the same, with six new chapters added. Aldiss considers Mary Shelley's Frankenstein as the first modern science fiction story and contends that all current science fiction has inherited its literary form from that novel and its Gothic offshoots. Besides Shelley, he examines the writings of Poe, Wells, Edgar Rice Burroughs and John W. Campbell, Jr. Other chapters explore the Victorian era, the major authors of the 1930s through the 1970s, and sf films. This is essential for all libraries having the original title and is highly recommended for any that missed it the first time around. 