Bigasoft AVI Converter

Convert any video to AVI, MPG or MPEG for more fun

Bigasoft AVI Converter can help you easily convert to AVI, MPEG or MPG from all popular video files for watching your favorite movies anywhere with ease.

With the ability of decoding most popular video files like WMV, MKV, 3GP, MP4, AVCHD, H.264 AVC, MOV, RM, AVI, Xvid, DivX, MPEG, Bigasoft AVI Converter is able to transcode any movies to AVI including convert MOV to AVI, convert WMV to AVI, convert VOB to AVI, convert MP4 to AVI ,and so on.

In the meantime, Bigasoft AVI Converter can also convert to MPEG (MPEG-1, MPEG-2) including convert WMV to MPEG, MOV to MPEG, VOB to MPEG, and so on.

Moreover, the ultimate AVI converter supports much more features including video editing, movie split, batch conversion, etc.

Key Features:

Convert to AVI
AVI is a file format for audio and video playback at the same time which is widely compatible with a variety of devices and programs. Bigasoft AVI Converter can help you convert to AVI from any media files for watching no matter where you are.
Convert to MPEG
MPEG is the standard movie format and most players can use this type of file. Bigasoft AVI Converter is able to easily convert any movies to MPG, MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 for having fun with your favorite movie trailers.
Decode all your media
All your media including WMV, ASF, MKV, 3GP, MP4, AVCHD, H.264 AVC, MOV, RM, AVI, Xvid, DivX, MPEG, and so on are all supported by the powerful AVI converter.
Easy to use
Want to watch your home movies on the go or in your living room? Tired of finding codec to playback your movies? Just load movies in Bigasoft AVI converter, select "Start" to start conversion and have fun.
Real-time preview
Providing a real-time preview to help users crop your videos to remove black edges, zoom to fit screen, split for watching favorite clips only, and so on.
Best fun
It offers excellent output quality and you will get any supported output formats with super image and luxuriant sound quality.
Capture video scene
Take photo as BMP, JPG, and PNG for video posters to share with your family and friends.
Customize
Output files can be renamed and the output path can be easily modified as you like.
Automate conversion
Take advantage of conversion list and actions after conversion to automate conversion task, the smart AVI convert can serve for you.
Multiple languages support
Support languages including English, German, French, Chinese and Japanese for choosing.
Windows 8, Windows 7 now supported
The professional AVI video converter support Windows 2000, XP, Vista, and Windows 8, Windows 7.
Risk-Free
Free download and try Bigasoft AVI Converter risk free.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/avi-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given name/key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.