WW2 Edition redefines what the term first person shooter means. DonΓÇÖt just play the game, be part of it. Take hold of your device and experience what itΓÇÖs like to load, charge, clear and shoot a firearm.

With Weaphones WW2 you can live out your greatest gun fight fantasies and remain 100% safe. Weaphones features some of the most iconic firearms of WW2, from the German Luger to the American belt-fed M1919. Many of the weapons are customizable; add bayonets, scopes, bipods and more! If you donΓÇÖt know how to operate a particular weapon, brush up with our fully animated step-by-step tutorials.

From the high-definition, battle bruised, pistols, rifles and machine guns, to the authentic weapon mechanics mixed with realistic smoke, recoil, muzzle flash and sound effects, Weaphones is all about realism. Everything is customizable to suit the user. Change the size of the weapon to place all controls within easy reach. Rotate and flip to best suit the device and hand preference. On supported devices, enable the camera flash feature and further enhance your experience by leveraging the power of the built-in camera flash to simulate a real muzzle flash.

For the price of one .30-06 Springfield round you get everything. No up-sells or in-app-purchases, just pure fun and free updates (new guns).
Realistic Fire, Sound, Smoke, Flash & Recoil Effects
Full Interaction and Control
Authentic Weapon Mechanics
Customizable Weapons
No Up-Sells or In-App-Purchases, You Get Everything Plus Free Updates
Detailed Full HD Graphics
Customizable to Fit UserΓÇÖs Hand Size and Preference
Lefty Flip
Rotate 180┬░
Scale
Move
User Adjustable Variables
Unlimited Ammo
Auto-Reload
Weapon Jamming
Accelerometer Reloading
Camera Flash Shooting
Weapon State Indicator (ΓÇ£Why Am I Not Shooting?↔
Ultra Detailed Step-By-Step Animated Tutorial for Each Weaphone
Multi-Touch, Accelerometer & Camera Flash Support
Social Media Driven Future Content
Features:
LUGER P08: ┬╗ Trigger ┬╗ Cocking Handle ┬╗ Magazine Release ┬╗ Safety ┬╗ Magazine
M1A1 THOMPSON: ┬╗ Trigger ┬╗ Charging Handle ┬╗ Safety ┬╗ Fire Selector ┬╗ Magazine Release ┬╗ Magazine
STURMGEWEHR 44: ┬╗ Trigger ┬╗ Charging Handle ┬╗ Magazine Release ┬╗ Fire Selector ┬╗ Safety ┬╗ Magazine
M1 GARAND: ┬╗ Trigger ┬╗ Safety ┬╗ Operating Rod ┬╗ Clip ┬╗ Clip Latch ┬╗ Bayonet ┬╗ Scope ┬╗ Flashhider
KARABINER 98K: ┬╗ Trigger ┬╗ Bolt ┬╗ Safety Lever ┬╗ Stripper Clip ┬╗ Solo Round ┬╗ Bayonet ┬╗ Scope
BROWNING M1919: ┬╗ Trigger ┬╗ Charging Handle ┬╗ Receiver Cover ┬╗ Belt Ammunition ┬╗ Ammo Box ┬╗ Flip-up Sights ┬╗ Carry Handle ┬╗ Bipod ┬╗ Tripod ┬╗ Stock
+++
Requires Android: 2.2 and up 