Photo Painter v1.01 APK 

 
http://i.imgur.com/lv8pg.jpg



Photo Painter is an interactive photo editing tool. The full version contains
★ 9 fantastic painting styles — realism, impressionism, expressionism, and more.
★ 15 cool image filters
★ 4 different frames
★ 4 special textures
★ A intuitive way to combine all these elements
★ A powerful finger draw function
★ Addictive finger control
★ No advertisement ever
★ Continuous development more to come

USES:
This app’s primary use is as a creative photo editing tool. It is easy to use and remembers your preference. This app is good for creating amazing photos with its build in image filters and frames. Additionally, this app is ideal for artist and designer, allowing them to visualize different painting effects of the scene in real-time.

Features:

    real time painting process
    easy to use and intuitive fingure control
    can adjust texture details
    complete interactive user guide
    designed for fat finger and small screen
    freedom to combine and mixture everything
    auto orientation of the buttons
    zoom in zoom out of the photo
    direct access from gallery
    easy share to social networks
    large draw area with no advertisement
    small just 1.5MB
    install on SD card

HOW TO USE:
The user can load image from gallery or take a picture in the main page. On first use, there will be a complete tutorial with flashing buttons and animated gestures to guide the user. User can start the Photo Painter from gallery using share button directly. Images can be saved to the SD card or shared to Facebook easily in the option menu.

What's in this version : (Updated : Jan 7, 2013)

    Interactive photo editing tool inspired by artist with different painting styles, image filters, frames, textures, and more!
    *Fixed various bugs
    *Offers better UI
    *Enhances draw function with transparent colors
    *Added Tutorial video

Required Android O/S : 2.2+

Screenshots :

 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=aspiration.studio.photo.painter