Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is a 2004 open world action-adventure video game developed by games developer Rockstar North in the United Kingdom and published by Rockstar Games. It is the third 3D game in the Grand Theft Auto video game franchise, the fifth original console release and eighth game overall. Originally released for the PlayStation 2 in October 2004,[2] the game has since been released for the Xbox and Microsoft Windows (PC) in June 2005, then released on Xbox Originals for the XBox 360 in December 2008, then released to the Playstation Store on PSN for the PS3 in December 2012 and has received wide acclaim and high sales figures on all platforms. It is the best-selling game of all time on PlayStation 2. It was made available on Steam on January 4, 2008,[6] and on Intel-based Macs running a minimum of Mac OS X 10.6.6 in September 2011. San Andreas was released for the PlayStation 3 via PlayStation Network in December 2012. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas was succeeded by Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories and was preceded by Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
The game is set in the semi-fictional state of San Andreas (based on California and Nevada), which contains three metropolitan cities: Los Santos, based on Los Angeles, San Fierro, based on San Francisco, and Las Venturas, based on Las Vegas. Set in 1992,[7] San Andreas revolves around the gang member Carl "CJ" Johnson returning home from Liberty City to Los Santos, San Andreas, after learning of his mother's murder. CJ finds his old friends and family in disarray. Over the course of the game, CJ gradually unravels the plot behind his mother's murder.
The high-level plot of the game is based on multiple real-life events in Los Angeles including the rivalry between street gangs the Bloods and Crips (which the player's gang and rival gang are spoofed off of), the Crack epidemic (which is shown as a major point of conflict in the game), the LAPD Rampart scandal (forming the basis of several main antagonists in the game), and the game even culminates in a spoof of the 1992 Los Angeles riots.

The soundtrack of the computer video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, which is set in 1992 in the fictional U.S. West Coast state of San Andreas, required that the game's radio stations reflect the music tastes of the time and area, in addition to covering current events in the state of San Andreas, and even weather forecasts. Together with several pieces of early-1990s music, the soundtrack also included songs from the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. Many of the songs interpolate or sample other songs which feature in this or other GTA titles, such as Ice Cube's "Check Yo Self", which samples "The Message", which was featured in Vice City or "Weekend" which appears in its original form on Paradise FM in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories.
Primarily, the player hears the radio when the protagonist acquires a vehicle. The player is also given the option of making their own radio station by calling up the game's Audio Options. The station that will be playing when the player gets into a vehicle is determined by several factors, and players can change it or switch it off as desired (or set the game so the last station heard by the player will be playing when a new vehicle is obtained). The only vehicles in which the player cannot access the radio are the emergency and police vehicles (which use the police scanner), tractors, bicycles, forklifts, the Bandito sandrail, and certain boats. Radio stations, or some of the songs featured on them, can also be heard in the background in certain locations, such as bars, clothing stores, clubs, casinos, and safehouse wardrobes. The Xbox and PC versions of the game allow the player to create their own custom radio stations with user imported tracks. However, unlike previous GTA titles, which also offered this feature, San Andreas can place commercials between tracks.[1]
The game offers a few firsts for its soundtrack. One change made it necessary for why the game can place commercials in between the tracks: the player now hears news breaks at certain points during game progress. Usually the news is about your character. The news break that plays depends on where the player is in the story. This is later used for Grand Theft Auto IV's Weasel News. Similarly (and more frequently) some DJs can also be heard announcing the arrival of weather systems such as fog and thunderstorms which occur randomly in San Andreas. Another change was that the stations were now uncensored, and unlike previous entries in the series, words like "fuck" and "shit" were used on the stations without consequence, whereas in the past, DJ's scolded callers for using such language. Finally, at certain points in the game, the game changes the scripts for all of the stations, making them dynamic. This usually occurs when a player unlocks a new major island in the game. This last change has yet to be reimplemented in later GTA games, thus making it an exclusive feature to San Andreas.
The official soundtrack, available on Interscope Records, Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Official Soundtrack and the Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Official Soundtrack Box Set collection were released internationally on November 23, 2004 and December 7, 2004 respectively. Michael Hunter is the composer of the theme song and incidental music.

Disc 1
"The Theme from San Andreas" – Michael Hunter
"Killing in the Name" – Rage Against the Machine
"I Don't Give a Fuck" – 2Pac
"The Payback" – James Brown
"West Coast Poplock" – Ronnie Hudson & The Street People
"Groove Me" – Guy
"Two Tickets to Paradise" – Eddie Money
"How I Could Just Kill a Man" – Cypress Hill
"Pressure Drop" – Toots & the Maytals
"Children's Story" – Slick Rick
"Cold Blooded" – Rick James
"Break 4 Love" – Raze
[edit]Disc 2
"Funky Worm" – Ohio Players
"Barracuda" – Heart
"Hood Took Me Under" – Compton's Most Wanted
"Think (About It)" – Lyn Collins
"Rebel Without a Pause" – Public Enemy
"Midlife Crisis" – Faith No More
"Poison" – Bell Biv DeVoe
"I Chase the Devil" – Max Romeo & The Upsetters
"I Know You Got Soul" – Eric B. & Rakim
"Crazy" – Willie Nelson
"Head Like a Hole (Bonus Track)" – AFI