 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51AJJQr1COL.jpg

The Everything Guide to Nutrition: All you need to keep you - and your family - healthy 

Publisher: Adams Media 
Nicole Cormier
2011
Language: English
ISBN-10: 144051030X
ASIN: B0058M58SO
PDF
320 pages 
1.52 MB

Eat carbohydrates--but only if they're "good." Eat fiber--but only if it's soluble. Eat protein--but not too much. There are so many rules on the road to good nutrition, how can anyone know what to eat? With this guide, you'll find all you need to keep yourself and your family healthy, such as: 

 Recipes for nutritionally balanced meals that taste good
 Tips for incorporating more fruits and vegetables
 Which foods contain the most beneficial vitamins
 How to safely transition to a vegetarian or vegan diet
 Why processed foods are so bad for you--and how to stop eating them

 And much, much more! With meal plans and grocery shopping guidelines, this complete guide is perfect for busy families or individuals on the go. Eating healthy is just a grocery store trip away!

 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51BTw1C9eCL.jpg


Juice: The Complete Guide to Juicing for Weight Loss, Health and Life - Includes The Juicing Equipment Guide and 97 Delicious Recipes 

Publisher: Rockridge University Press 
John Chatham
2012
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1623150426
ISBN-13: 978-1623150426
EPUB  
212 pages 
11.1 MB

Drinking pure, fresh juice is the best way to experience the nutritional healing power of fruits and vegetables. Strengthen your immune system, cleanse your body, feel lighter, and lose weight with this amazing super food.

 Juicing: The Complete Guide to Juicing for Weight Loss, Health and Life is a comprehensive guide tailored to both experienced juicing practitioners and those looking to learn the basics: 

 Discover the top 20 vegetables and top 20 fruits for juicing and why they're perfectly suited for a juicing diet.
 Learn how to choose the best juicer or blender for your needs and your budget.
 Enjoy easy recipes for health and weight loss goals. Included are juices for slimming down, improving brain function, detoxing your body, and improving stamina.
 Create your own recipes with fruit, vegetable, and spice combinations that pack the greatest nutritional punch.

 Begin experiencing the health benefits of fresh juice with Juicing: The Complete Guide to Juicing for Weight Loss, Health and Life. Our complete guide will make you an expert juicer in no time.

