POtHS - End Times - 25

The Final Generation - The End of The Universe - John MacArthur



   
POtHS - End Times - 25 - The Final Generation - The End of The Universe - John MacArthur


POtHS Comments on This one   John is Really good.

The Final Generation.
The End of The Universe
Ruler of Hell[/b]
-----------------------------------------------------------


John MacArthur

John MacArthur is the pastor-teacher of Grace Community Church in Sun Valley, California, as well as an author, conference speaker, president of The MasterΓÇÖs College and Seminary, and featured teacher with the Grace to You media ministry.

In 1969, after graduating from Talbot Theological Seminary, John came to Grace Community Church. The emphasis of his pulpit ministry is the careful study and verse-by-verse exposition of the Bible, with special attention devoted to the historical and grammatical background behind each passage. Under JohnΓÇÖs leadership, Grace Community Church's two morning worship services fill the 3,500-seat auditorium to capacity. Several thousand members participate every week in dozens of fellowship groups and training programs, most led by lay leaders and each dedicated to equipping members for ministry on local, national, and international levels.

In 1985, John became president of The Master's College (formerly Los Angeles Baptist College), an accredited, four-year liberal arts Christian college in Santa Clarita, California. In 1986, John founded The Master's Seminary, a graduate school dedicated to training men for full-time pastoral roles and missionary work.


The chronological listing below provides a comprehensive overview of John's writing ministry. If you are interested in a particular title, you can order it from our website or contact us via email or telephone (1-800-55-GRACE).



This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.



The Entire Collection can be found here:  http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41

[size=18][color=red]JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
