The.Spit.And.Speculum.2.Disc1.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON
The.Spit.And.Speculum.2.Disc2.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON

Alysha Rylee, Jodi Taylor, Cassandra Nix, Ashli Orion, Melody Jordan, Anikka Albrite, Naomi West, Jennifer White, Brooklyn Lee. 

"Enthusiasts of extreme ass stretching and fans with a fetish for sexy beauties drooling gobs of slimy slobber can have both kinky urges satisfied in one Mike Adriano movie! “The Spit And The Speculum #2” is an all-anal, all-sloppy two-disc masterpiece from a unique porn director. Mike brings his trusty speculum and distinctive “POV+” camerawork to an in-depth exploration of the several gorgeous women’s assholes, all well lubricated with gobs of gooey spit. Stunning blonde Anikka Albrite and American Latina spitfire Brooklyn Lee enjoy a sloppy anal threesome with the big-dicked director. Anikka fills Brooklyn’s gaping ass with warm spit. Dirty blonde Alysha Rylee and voluptuous redhead Melody Jordan walk on a treadmill as their huge, round asses wobble from side to side. The young ladies get totally messy in a sloppy scene of mouth-watering anal perversion. Sassy brunette Ashli Orion spreads her meaty cheeks with both hands and Mike thrusts his big boner into her plump, perfect ass. He collects her spit in a measuring cup and pours the bubbly slobber into Ashli’s dilated rectum! For brace-faced cutie Naomi West’s first anal encounter, luscious veteran Jennifer White helps ease the way. Naomi lovingly performs ass-to-mouth duty as Mike relentlessly reams Jennifer’s phlegm-filled rectum. Striking redhead Jodi Taylor and pouty brunette Cassandra Nix enjoy a raunchy, spit-drenched three-way, and filthy megasluts Angelina Valentine and Lyla Storm team up in an epic bonus scene. The profuse slobber and wide-open sphincters of “The Spit And The Speculum #2” are a tasty combination!"

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=tyf2d5cx0lrm0272auxn.jpeg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=pqg0zohi77yxuv3swfk0.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=ucr10ipg5k5bfmxej6pk.jpg