Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 4 software provides a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from powerfully simple one-click adjustments to cutting-edge advanced controls. Create images that inspire, inform, and delight. 


Top features 


Creativity and flexibility 

Bring out the best in every image with Lightroom 4. Experiment freely with comprehensive image processing tools in a nondestructive environment. 

Tone and color 

Precisely adjust color, tone, and contrast. Easily make beautiful black-and-white conversions. 

Detail and correction 

Use powerful tools to maximize detail and perfect your images. Sharpen, reduce noise, add grain, and correct lens defects and perspective distortion 

Saving time and working efficiently 

Get all your digital photography tools in one intuitive solution. Make one-click adjustments to multiple images, create and store timesaving presets, and more. 


Highlight and shadow recovery 

Bring out all the detail that your camera captures in dark shadows and bright highlights. Now you have more power than ever before to create great images in challenging light. 

Photo book creation 

Create beautiful photo books from your images with a variety of easy-to-use templates included in Lightroom. Upload your book for printing with just a few clicks. Receive 20 off from Blurb on your first book created using Lightroom 4 software.* 

Location-based organization 

Find and group images by location, easily assign locations to images, or plot a photo journey. Automatically display location data from GPS-enabled cameras and camera phones. 

Extended video support 

Organize, view, and make adjustments to video clips. Play and trim clips, extract still images from them, or adjust clips with the Quick Develop tool.

System requirements

Windows
Intel® Pentium® 4 or AMD Athlon® 64 processor
Microsoft® Windows Vista or Windows 7 with Service Pack 1 or Windows 8
2GB of RAM
1GB of available hard-disk space
1024x768 display
DVD-ROM drive (if installing from DVD)
Internet connection required for Internet-based services*

* This product may integrate with or allow access to certain Adobe or third-party hosted online services ("Online Services"). Online Services are available only to users 13 and older and require agreement to additional terms of use and Adobe's online privacy policy. Online Services are not available in all countries or languages, may require user registration, and may be discontinued or modified in whole or in part without notice. Additional fees or subscription charges may apply.

Language versions
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português (Brasil)
Svenska
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
한국어

INSTALL NOTES
================

Step 1.Unpack rar archive
Step 2.Run the setup 
Step 3.Enjoy!!! 
