Language: English 
Duration: 12.5 hours 
Video: AVC 1280x720 25 fps 
Audio: AAC 64 Kbps 44.1 KHz 
Size: 3.37 GB
Project Files: Included
URL: http://www.infiniteskills.com/training/learning-photoshop-elements-11.html

In this Adobe Photoshop Elements 11 training course, expert Andy Anderson teaches you about the tools and techniques that are available in this powerful software used for managing and editing your photos. More than just the basic photo organizer it once was, Elements includes tools to manage, edit and enhance your digital photographs.
You will start learning Photoshop Elements 11 in this tutorial from the very basics, with no prior knowledge assumed. Andy starts this course by showing you where all your tools and panels are located, and how to access them. You will learn how to import your images to the organizer and how to use that to find your images quickly and easily. Some of the techniques and tools covered are - cropping, straightening, whitening teeth, removing red-eye, color balancing, working with layers, working with camera RAW files, filters, adding text, distortion, and much, much more - over 12 hours of video based training in all!

By the end of this training course, you will have a clear understanding of how to use the powerful tools available to you in Photoshop Elements 11 to organize, manage and manipulate your digital image library. Extensive working files are included to allow you to work with the same source files the author does.

Contents:
01. Introduction To Photoshop Elements 11
02. The Basics Of The Photoshop Elements Editor
03. Working In The Organizer
04. Cropping, Straightening & Recomposing Images
05. Quick Fixes To Images
06. Basic Selection Techniques
07. Working With Layers
08. Adjusting Image Tone & Color
09. Manipulation & Restoration
10. Working With Camera Raw Files
11. Filters, Effects, Styles & Graphics
12. Image Magic
13. Working With Color & The Painting Tools
14. Mixing Text With Graphics
15. Output Options
16. Working With Create & Share Options
17. Conclusion
