Bill Schnoebelen - Ex Illuminati Exposes the Occult [collection]



RUSSIA'S SECRET WEAPON TO DEFEAT AMERICA DVD

Bill Schnoebelen discloses astounding news on Russia's Secret Weapons to Defeat America! Bill reveals technology the Russians have that knock out anything on the land, on the sea, under the sea, or in the air; rendering all conventional weapons of war obsolete against the Soviet energetics weapons. Discover the new world of "scalar waves" and how they will change the world, technology, and how we conduct war - forever. 2 hrs. 40 min. 


THE SONS OF GOD AND THE ANTICHRIST DVD

Bill Schnoebelen has seen over 100 UFOs and has studied them for over 40 years. He was a member of National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) and has interviewed over 100 people who have been abducted, including Christians. Bill will show pictures of physical evidence of the Sons of God. He will explain their connections to black majic, fallen angel's DNA, how it relates to the Mark of the Beast, and a counterfeit Gospel. Bill says the Sons of God will reveal themselves and be a part of deceiving millions of people, including Christians, into denying Jesus. 2 hrs. 40 min. 


THE LIGHT BEHIND MASONRY DVD

Bill Schnoebelen exposes the truth behind the secret "club" known as Freemasonry. A large percentage of Masons are kept in the dark on purpose so the real agenda can be carried out. Bill exposes the real intentions behind the images put forth by the Masons and Shriners. He demonstrates the secret signals, handshakes, and meanings behind the clothing worn by each member, and how they are blaspheming God and swearing allegiance to pagan gods. This video could save a loved one caught in the lie and lead them to true salvation. 2-1/2 hrs. 


EXPOSING THE ILLUMINATI FROM WITHIN DVD

UPDATED! Bill Schnoebelen was a Satanic and Voodoo High Priest, 2nd degree Church of Satan, New Age guru, occultist, channeller, 90th degree Mason, Knight Templar, and a member of the Illuminati. Bill shows how the conspiracy works and how it uses the Lodge and the highest echelons of power and technology from secret "black project" operations to form a world government. Contains over an hour and twenty minutes of new information! Double DVD, 2 hrs. each 


HOW JESUS SETS THE CAPTIVES FREE (DVD)

Bill Schnoebelen is an author of 7 books with 38 years speaking experience. One of the top in his field, Bill aides people in finding help for troubled relationships, fear, guilt, anger, unforgiveness, drug abuse, and occult. Bill has an understanding of Witchcraft, Masonry, Mormonism, drugs, and many other serious abuses. He has lectured pastors, psychologists, and psychiatrists on working with survivors and has also trained law enforcement to understand the dark world of occult crime. 2 hrs. 40 min. 


THE MEDICAL CONSPIRACY DVD

Bill Schnoebelen explains how the Church was originally in charge of health and healing. He reveals the Federal Drug Administration, drug companies, and medical schools collude together to control and destroy your health. Bill has been studying herbs for 30 years. He is a Certified Natural Health Professional and a Doctor of Naturopathy (natural healing). He teaches how to use herbs to strengthen your immune system. 2 hrs. 40 min. 


WHAT IS WRONG WITH MORMONISM? DVD

Bill Schnoebelen was a Professional Theology teacher for the Mormon Church, an Elders Quorum President and a temple Mormon. Bill exposes the following: historical errors of the Mormon Church, errors of Joseph Smith, errors of salvation, errors of inerrancy in the Book of Mormon, and how Joseph Smith was a Mason, a Warlock, and that he stole the rituals of Masonry to make the Mormon Temple rituals. He also explains that the goal of the Secret Societies in the Mormon Church is for their Prophet to rule the United States, and ultimately the World. 2 hrs. 40 min. 


tags: secret, weapon, illuminati, conspiracy, mason, Lucifer, medical, mormons, UFO, witch, occult