PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

The Word

Volume 003

Agape Weekend - Nancy Missler



POtHS - The Word - 003 - Chuck Missler - Agape Weekend - Nancy Missler



POtHS Comment:  Agape is Godly Love, Missler is One of The Best Bible Scholar/Teachers in The World, in collaboration with his Wife Nancy on this one.

Description:

Chuck Missler - Agape Weekend - Nancy Missler

Chuck & Nancy Missler

Do you have a hard time trusting God?

Do you know God loves you?

Have you ever felt you were trying, struggling and ▼fighting just to get through your daily life only to ▼find failure?

Do you have a person or family member in your life that maybe isnΓÇÖt the easiest person to get along with?

Our human Love is based on what we think, feel and desire; what our circumstances are; and how another person responds to us. When we allow God's Love to dwell in our hearts, His love is unconditional, has no expectations of receiving love back, it's one sided, it's freeing, other-centered and given as a gift.

Join Chuck and Nancy Missler in the executive briefi▼ng room of The River Lodge, New Zealand.
Our prayer is that this DVD will not only help to enhance your walk with the Lord and help to improve all your relationships, it will also help you to understand GodΓÇÖs overall purpose for your life. In other words, why God called you in the ▼first place.

Runtime: Approx. 6 hours


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
