Contains Book Collection of Chris Kuzneski in PDF format. 

For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter- http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre- http://calibre-ebook.com/download 

1. The Death Relic by Chris Kuzneski (Jan 10, 2013) 
From the Mayan pyramids of Chichen Itza to the Caribbean ruins of Tulum, many lives will be lost while searching for The Death Relic... 
Little remains of the Aztec and Mayan civilizations after being vanquished by the Spanish Empire. From the ashes of their cities emerged a unified legend: their conquerors possessed a mysterious artifact so powerful—so deadly—that it was known as the Death Relic. Despite its infamy, little else is known about the object, which was lost long ago. When archaeologist Maria Pelati’s research team disappears in the Yucatán Peninsula, she enlists Jonathon Payne and David Jones to find them. As they embark on their perilous mission, they realize that Maria’s research could be the key to solving one of the darkest mysteries of the New World and unearthing the secret of the Death Relic.

2. The Hunters by Chris Kuzneski (Jan 3, 2013) 
The Hunters: a team of renegades - an ex-military leader, a historian, a computer whiz, a weapons expert and a thief - financed by a billionaire philanthropist are tasked with finding the world's most legendary treasures. 
The Mission: recover a vast Romanian treasure that was stolen by the Russians nearly a century ago. Fearing a Germany victory in World War 1, the Romanian government signed a deal to guarantee the safety of the country's most valuable artifacts until after the war. In 1916 two treasure trains full of gold and the most precious objects of the Romanian state - paintings, jewellery from the Royal family, ancient Dacien artifacts - were sent to the underground vaults in the Kremlin only to be lost to the Romanian people forever as Russia severed all diplomatic relations with the country and scattered the treasure to its outlying regions. With a haul valued at over $3.5 billion dollars, everyone wants to claim the vast treasure but its location has remained a mystery, until now. Can the Hunters succeed where all others have failed?

3. The Plantation (Payne & Jones) by Chris Kuzneski (Jul 7, 2009) 
Across the country, people are being kidnapped. Jonathon Payne is following the clues from his girlfriend's disappearance to a New Orleans plantation-and the South's most violent and shocking secret.

4. Sword of God (Payne & Jones) by Chris Kuzneski (Sep 25, 2007) 
In a secret bunker, one of the world's most dangerous terrorists is under interrogation-until he is rescued, and his captors are slaughtered.
Ex-MANIAC honcho Jonathan Payne vows revenge-but there is more to the bloody atrocity than terrorist reprisal. There is a plot in motion that will burn the world in the fires of holy war.

5. The Secret Crown by Chris Kuzneski (Jan 12, 2012) 
Hidden among the crates in a recently discovered World War II bunker are documents stamped with an elaborate black swan, the insignia of the murdered King Ludwig II. According to legend, Ludwig stockpiled a massive treasure in the years before his death, a cache of gold and jewels that would finance the construction of the largest castle of all time. But in the years since his death, no one has found any evidence that Ludwig had hidden anything. Until now.
Jonathon Payne and David Jones are pulled into the mystery by a colleague of theirs, a former supply sergeant in the U.S. military who asks them to investigate. They agree to help and quickly find themselves in a life-or-death struggle to uncover the truth about Ludwig's murder and his mythical treasure.

6. The Prophecy by Chris Kuzneski (Jul 8, 2010) 
Michel de Nostredame, the French apothecary commonly known as Nostradamus, has gained a cult-like following, a loyal band of enthusiasts who credit him with predicting numerous world events-the Great Fire of London, the rise of Napoleon and Hitler, and the nuclear destruction of Hiroshima. However, his most important collection of prophetic verses has remained hidden...until now.
In the year 2009, a letter was mailed to a woman who does not understand why she has received the puzzling correspondence, written in a series of codes and ancient languages. She enlists the help of Jonathon Payne and David Jones.
Relentlessly hunted by those determined to protect the secret, the duo has no choice but to fight back. In an adventure that spans two continents and several centuries, Payne and Jones must locate the sacred text that may change everything we know about the future.

7. Sign of the Cross by Chris Kuzneski (Apr 5, 2007) 
No secret will keep for ever...A Vatican priest is found murdered on the shores of Denmark - nailed to a cross in the shadow of Hamlet's castle. He is the first victim in a vicious killing spree that spans the world. Each horrific murder exactly mirrors the crucifixion of Christ...Meanwhile, deep in the Roman Catacombs of Orvieto, an archaeologist uncovers an ancient scroll dating back two thousand years. The scroll, he knows, holds the key to a dark and treacherous secret that will rock the very foundations of the Church. But only if he can decipher its lost meanings - and only if he can live long enough to reveal them...The enemies of the truth know no law of man ...

8. The Lost Throne (Payne & Jones) by Chris Kuzneski (Jul 23, 2009) 
In 1890, a man collapses near the Piazza della Santa Carità in Naples, Italy. Strangers manage to revive him, but he is unable to speak. Police carry him to the nearest hospital, where he is not admitted because he has no money or identification. Frantically trying to communicate, he scribbles notes in ancient Greek and German that would have told the world about a discovery of immense importance-if anyone had read them. . . .
Reaching from the wonders of ancient Greece to a harrowing quest in modern-day Europe, The Lost Throne features Jonathon Payne and D. J. Jones, former members of a top secret, very special unit of the armed forces. Now as private citizens they still get recruited from time to time for the most delicate -and dangerous-missions. Payne and Jones must race to recover the lost treasure that could rewrite history, before it is destroyed by a group of men who will stop at nothing to conceal the secret.

Seed and Enjoy!