
  The Front Bottoms - Talon of the Hawk (2013) [FLAC]

  Released: 2013
  Duration: 42:24
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Indie, Alternative, Folk, Power Pop
  Source: CD (log + cue)
  Bit Rate: ~ 900 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz

  01 Au Revoir (Adios)
  02 Skeleton
  03 Swear To God The Devil Made Me Do It 
  04 Twin Size Mattress
  05 Peach 
  06 Santa Monica 
  07 The Feud
  08 Funny You Should Ask 
  09 Tattooed Tears 
  10 Lone Star 
  11 Backflip 
  12 Everything I Own 

  The Front Bottoms are an indie rock duo from New Jersey whose music is a wildly eclectic blend of pop, rock, and punk influences, accompanied by witty lyrics that offer a rapid-fire, slightly surreal perspective on the world around them. The Front Bottoms are vocalist Brian Sella on guitars and vocals and Mathew Uychich on drums and bullhorn. Hailing from Bergen County, New Jersey, Sella and Uychich have been friends since they were ten years old, and started writing songs together when Sella was in sixth grade. After years of making music on their own, Sella and Uychich decided to take their act to the stage at a high-school talent show, where they played an original song as well as a Modest Mouse cover. Sella's mother hoped to encourage the boys by buying them some time at a local recording studio, where they managed to record 12 songs in just three hours. 

  With enough original songs to play a set, The Front Bottoms were booked to play an all-ages show at a club in Pompton Lakes, New Jersey with a handful of local bands; there they met Casey Lee Morgan, who was running sound that night and recorded music in his home studio. Morgan began doing sessions with the duo, and in 2008, The Front Bottoms put out a self-released album, I Hate My Friends, and they hit the road, making their way up and down the East Coast and playing any makeshift venue that would have them. Another D.I.Y. album, My Grandmother vs. Pneumonia, was released in 2009, and an EP appeared in 2010. Early on in their touring exploits, Brian Uychich (Mathew's brother) joined the duo on keyboards and vocals, but he left the group in 2011 to pursue his education, and The Front Bottoms continued on without him. In 2011, The Front Bottoms signed a deal with respected New Jersey independent label Bar/None Records, and their first album for their new sponsors, simply titled The Front Bottoms, was issued in September 2011.