Directed by     Christopher McQuarrie

Produced by     Tom Cruise

Paula Wagner

Gary Levinsohn

Dana Goldberg

Screenplay by     Christopher McQuarrie

Based on     One Shot

by Lee Child

Starring     Tom Cruise

Rosamund Pike

Richard Jenkins

Werner Herzog

David Oyelowo

Robert Duvall

Music by     Joe Kraemer

Cinematography     Caleb Deschanel

Editing by     Kevin Stitt

Studio     TC Productions

Skydance Productions

Distributed by     Paramount Pictures

Release date(s)     

    December 21, 2012

Running time     130 minutes[1]

Country     United States

Language     English

In Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a man drives a van into a parking garage across the Allegheny River from PNC Park and, after paying for parking, readies a sniper rifle. He takes aim and appears to randomly kill five people around the stadium and on the river’s North Shore Trail before fleeing in the van.

The police soon arrive, headed by Detective Emerson, and they discover a shell casing as well as the coin used to pay for parking. A fingerprint taken from the coin points to James Barr, a former U.S. Army sniper. When the police raid his house, they find the van, equipment for making bullets, the rifle in question, and Barr, whom they arrest.

During an interrogation by Emerson and the District Attorney, Alex Rodin, Barr writes "Get Jack Reacher" on a notepad. Reacher is a drifter and former U.S. Army Military Police Corps officer. Reacher later arrives in Pittsburgh after seeing a news report about Barr and the shooting. Emerson and Robin deny Reacher’s request to view the evidence, but agree to let him see Barr, who was brutally attacked by fellow inmates while being transported and is now in a coma. While there, he meets Barr’s defense attorney, counselor Helen Rodin, the DA’s daughter, who is trying to save Barr from the death penalty.

Software :AnyDVD

Compression :No

File :DVD9 Full

Language :Ita / Eng

Sub :Ita/Eng

Extra :Yes

Menù: Yes

Size :6,17 GB

File :Folder

 Use NERO to burn .iso, burn to DVD a low speed for best results, or use DEAMON TOOLS to mount .iso