 http://imgload.me/img-511a376adf190.html 

Title: Les Rendez-Vous de Sylvia
Year: 1989
Genre: Feature
Directed by: Michel Ricaud
Starring: Marie Noelly, Rocco Siffredi, Laura Valérie, Philippe Soine, Charlotte Stephie, Sylvie Courtois, Catherine Le Broye, Melody Kiss, Alain Lyle

About the film: One woman is uncredited and there are two extras - a blonde (we see only the back of her head) and a middle-aged man - in the counseller's office. Marie Noelly is married to Rocco. In bed one night he is too tired to make love to her - until she goes out and returns in a red wig and sexy tights.
Next day he goes off about his business and she sees an advert for a parapsychologist in a magazine. While she goes off to consult him, Rocco sees two women at a café (Melodie Kiss and XNK0654) and fantasises about having anal sex with them. then he goes over to chat them up and gets off with Melodie Kiss. Later we see the two women together, Melodie using a strap-on dildo on her friend. The parapsychologist (Philippe Soine) hypnotises Marie and has his way with her. Meanwhile Rocco runs out of petrol on his way to see a counsellor of his own - he fantasizes about having sex with her. Then it seems he is about to have his dream come true, but she emerges from behind a screen dressed as a dominatrix to confront him as he kneels naked on the floor in front of her desk and eh flees with his clothes into a toilet to get dressed. While inside the cubicle, two girls come in and compare their underwear. He reveals himself and has both of them. On his way home, he is picked up at this stranded car by Laura Valérie who takes him to her home home to have her way with him. Husband Alain L'Yle watches from the next room, door ajar, masturbating then joins in for a DP. Rocco breaks away in disgust and goes home.
Convoluted and sverhseksualnaya story of a young Rocky in the title role.

Issued: France
Duration: 1:28:32
Language: English.

File
Quality: DVDRip
Format: AVI
Video: DivX 5 512x336 23.98fps 988Kbps
Audio: MPEG Audio Layer 3 44100Hz stereo 99Kbps