Batman Arkham Asylum (Game of the Year Edition) Repack R G Revenants



Year: 2010
Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Rocksteady Studios
Publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
Publication Type: RePack
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Crack: enclosing (TRiViUM)

System requirements

Operating system: Windows ® XP SP3 / Windows ® Vista SP2 / Windows ® 7 SP1
Processor: Pentium ® 4 3.0 or equivalent Athlon ® 64
RAM: 2 GB
Video: 3D-graphics adapter with 256 MB memory, compatible with DirectX ® 9.0c (GeForce ™ 6600 or Radeon ™ X1300)
Sound device: compatible with DirectX ® 9.0c
Hard disk space: 10 GB



Arkhemskaya psychiatric hospital - an eerie place. There dumped all the criminals, whose brutality and sophistication defies common sense and human nature itself. Many inhabitants of the place stopped and called to account himself Batman. And, finally, he managed to keep his worst enemy - the Joker, whom the place in an insane asylum. Hero personally delivered scoundrel island of Arkham and thereby made a huge mistake ...
It turned out that only a Joker, and sought to lure Batman into a sinister hospital. There, for the Dark Knight has already prepared his own personal hell. Ingenious traps, dangerous criminals, and many fierce enemies block the path to salvation. This time, Batman is fighting for his life! You will be involved in violent fights, sneaking quietly into the dark and solve intricate puzzles, using non-lethal weapons in the arsenal of the hero. And all this - in a psychiatric hospital, which brought together the most dangerous madmen Gotham City ...

Game features

Use the unique FreeFlow combat system to easily create endless combinations of strikes during close combat with huge groups of The Joker.
Charged with the investigation as Batman, the greatest detective in the world, and solve challenging puzzles using tools such as x-vision, fingerprint scanner, amido black spray and otslezhivatel pheromones.
Challenge the greatest villains in this Gotama, as the Joker, Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy and Killer Croc.
Become invisible predator with Batman, having a unique surveillance camera, move quietly to the enemies, and smite them quietly.
Choose among a variety of methods of extermination of enemies, including you dived on the enemy from the sky or stun him through the wall.
Explore every inch of Arkham psychiatric hospital, move freely on the infamous island, presented for the first time so realistic.
Experience how to be Batman using betarangi, explosive gel betkogot, sequencer code and trosomet.
Uncover more secrets hidden by performing tasks for them to get more experience points that can be spent on the development and setting up your equipment.
Enjoy complete superhero freedom of Batman, using a hook to get to any place you see, or jumping from any height and hovering in any direction.

Repack features

Do not cut / no recoded
Installation time ~ 20-23 minutes
RePack by RG Revenants