Have nice download

CryENGINE® 3 unleashes the power of the Crytek creative team and provides the foundation to advance the state of the art and deliver a visually stunning and varied gameplay experience. So whether you’re marveling at the stop-and-stare graphics, experimenting with industry-leading physics, or making sandbox choices as you stalk your enemies, the latest iteration of the CryENGINE® will leave you reassessing your expectations for the next level of gaming!

CryEngine 3 allows for benchmark-setting graphical performance, near-photorealism in indoor and wide-open outdoor environments and extra-ordinary real-time special effects. The level of detail provided in Crysis 3 will have you rethink what next generation graphics really mean.

Crysis 3 has an amazing story to tell, and renowned filmmaker Albert Hughes is just the person to help Crytek and EA share it with the world.
“The 7 Wonders of Crysis 3” sets the stage for the latest installment in the Crysis series while introducing advanced weaponry, ruthless enemies, and brand new gameplay features to the franchise. These filmic shorts will also showcase the stunning visuals, dynamic environments of the urban rainforest and intense adaptive warfare fans can expect to find in Crysis 3.
Master the ultimate sandbox in this visually stunning, urban rainforest. Players can harness the power of an enhanced Nanosuit to turn the 7 Wonders Crysis 3 of the NYC Liberty Dome into their own battleground

The adaptive warfare of Crysis 3 demands unconventional weaponry. Prowl the 7 Wonders with the Predator Bow, a powerful extension of the Nanosuit’s technological capabilities. Blast 500 rounds per second with the Typhoon, the latest in military engineering. Carve a path through any enemies using the extraterrestrial ordinance of the Ceph. In Crysis 3, the best tactical options are forged with customizable next-generation firepower.
Be the Hunter in Crysis 3. Wield the signature Nanosuit and advanced weaponry to take down your prey and prevent mankind’s extinction.



Digital Deluxe Edition Includes:

CRYSIS 2: MAXIMUM EDITION: The sequel, along with all the content ever released for Crysis 2.

CRYSIS 3: HUNTER EDITION: The full Crysis 3 base game with early access to the new Predator Bow, bow skin, Recon Arrow and Hunter Nanosuit module for use in multiplayer, as well as a bonus XP boost up to Level 5 and three exclusive Hunter-themed dog tags.

OVERKILL PACK: Unlock the devastating Typhoon assault weapon and rain destruction on other players. Spewing 500 rounds a second, the Typhoon gives players the ability to go guns blazing to take back the Liberty Dome. Also included in this pack are the Typhoon weapon skin and two exclusive Overkill-themed dog tags.

STALKER PACK: For players who like to stalk their prey from the shadows the Stalker Pack provides early multiplayer access to the deadly semi-auto Jackal shotgun. This powerful, close-range shotgun comes with a unique silencer attachment, custom weapon skin and two exclusive themed in-game dog tags.

BRAWLER PACK: Get early multiplayer access to the Feline submachine gun and exclusive camo. With an extremely fast rate of fire and a 60 round magazine the Feline is highly effective and deadly, at short range.

DAY ONE GAUSS RIFLE UNLOCK AND GAUSS RIFLE SKIN: This futuristic weapon uses electromagnetic coils to fire rounds at incredible speed for devastating penetration. Get your hands on it from day one.

DAY ONE EXPLOSIVE ARROW UNLOCK: These are silent to fire but make a big boom when they hit. Perfect for groups of enemies.SCAR SKIN: Get back to your roots with the basic U.S. Marine corps skin.

CRYSIS SOUNDTRACK: 30 tracks of music from the games.

Languages: English-German-French-Chinese-Czech-Italian-Spanish-Turkish + SUBS

INSTRUCTIONS
1. Download
2. Wait for crack
3. Seed the toreent
