Ace Combat: Assault Horizon - Enhanced Edition RePack by RG Revenants



Year: January 25, 2013
Genre: Simulator (Flight Combat) / 3D
Developer: Project Aces
Publisher: Namco Bandai
Publication Type: RePack
Language: English / Russian / French / German / Italian / Spanish / Chinese / Spanish / Japanese
Sound language: English
Crack: (FairLight)

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Operating system: Windows ® XP / Windows ® Vista / Windows ® 7 / Windows ® 8
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 1.8 GHz / ADM Athlon X2 2.4 GHz
RAM: 2 GB
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8800GT / ATi Radeon HD 3850
Sound device: compatible with DirectX ® 9.0c
Hard disk space: 12 GB



game Ace Combat: Assault Horizon, Developed by Project Aces, giving new to the series, picking up the battle to a new level: aircraft literally torn to pieces in the air, and oil and balances the body fly across the sky. In single and multiplayer mode players compete around the world, passing skyscrapers and turning enemy vehicles into scrap metal, falling to the ground at a speed of sound. Never before dogfight not go so fast!

Game Features:

Exclusive version Enhanced Edition for PC: resolution up to 1900x1600; online game for 16 players, a set of additional materials (8 aircraft, 2 maps, 27 shapes, nine improvement of skills). Believable, emotional story: created by author bestseller according to New York Times - Jim DeFelice. Players will be at the heart of the military drama unfolding in real locations of the world. Astounding destruction: incredibly detailed animation of explosions (planes fly to pieces, enemy troops annihilated, buildings cracked, car loses oil and fuel).
Completely new aircraft: the maneuvers to the nearest second, aim, dodge the attacks - the gameplay is extremely diverse! Fly on the Attack Helicopter, etc.
Revolutionary battle at close range: acrobatics at dizzying speed and hassle at the ground and in the skies.
Reworked online game Ace Combat: conquer the sky and destroy the enemy in a variety of modes including Capital Conquest (fight for the famous capital of the world).

Repack Features:

Cut except the English voice acting
Compressed end credits ~ 7500 kbps
Version of the game v 1.0.117.128
Installation time 10 minutes
RePack by RG Revenants