S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Trine 2: Complete Story (c) Frozenbyte

08-06-2013......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Trine 2 is a sidescrolling game of action, puzzles and platforming
where you play as one of Three Heroes who make their way through
dangers untold in a fantastical fairytale world.

Join Amadeus the Wizard, Pontius the Knight and Zoya the Thief in their
adventure full of friendship, magic and betrayal.

Trine 2: Complete Story fully integrates the Goblin Menace expansion
campaign and the all-new unlockable Dwarven Caverns level into one
mighty fairytale. All owners of Trine 2: Goblin Menace are
automatically upgraded to the Complete Story edition.

Features:

Complete Story edition features the all-new unlockable Dwarven Caverns
level that takes our heroes on a journey through deep and dark
lava-filled tunnels resonating with ancient legends

20 levels chock-full of adventure, physics-based puzzles, hazards,
enemies and contraptions.

3 Heroes  Amadeus the Wizard, Pontius the Knight and Zoya the Thief,
each with their own skills  and personalities charming and otherwise

Choose new skills to aid the heroes in their quest fight dragon fire
with fire arrows or turn your goblin enemies to ice, fly across chasms
with the Kitesail Shield, levitate monsters to great heights and then
trap them in a box, or slow down the game world with the time-bending
gravity bubble

Travel through beautiful vistas and environments (sometimes using
extremely unreliable methods of transportation), including a castle by
the treacherous sea, a burning desert, snowy ice mountains, all the
way to the insides of a giant worm

Accessible for both casual and core gamers

Online and local co-op with up to three players

Save anywhere to play as long or short sessions as you like and use the
Unlimited Character Mode and Game for additional replay value

Superb graphics with next-gen visuals use impressive technical effects,
immerse yourself in the fantastical fairytale world full of magic and
wonder

Hidden collectibles for extra adventuring

Fun and challenging achievements to unlock

Amazing 27-track soundtrack composed by the acclaimed Ari Pulkkinen

Full language support for English, French, German and Spanish, and
optional subtitling for more than 10 languages

Supports NVIDIA 3D Vision

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder and into the main
install folder and overwrite
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

You set game language in the games launcher -)

This is a complete new version of Trine 2 with new levels and story

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


System Requirements:


• Operating system: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
• Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo processor with a clock frequency of 2.8 GHz
• Memory: 1 GB
• Video Card: 512 MB ​​VRAM
• Sound system: compatible with DirectX
• Hard disk space: 3.5 GB


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/npcu1HO.png


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/SqITSHe.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/rK9lMW7.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/yhTyB8p.jpg


SEED AND ENJOY!