Beans, peas, and other edible legumes are important foods for people all around the world, providing an affordable, abundant, and nutritionally dense source of protein. Dry beans and peas can be stored for many months past the harvest and cooked into a delicious and filling main dish, earning them the nickname "vegetarian meat". Green beans, Snow Peas, and Sugar Snap Peas, the immature pods of the bean and pea plants, can be eaten raw or cooked as tasty and nutritious green vegetables.

Grow Your Own Beans and Peas

However you like to eat beans and peas, they are very simple to grow in an organic garden. This short book will walk you through the process of how to grow beans and peas. You will learn the differences between pole beans and bush beans, how to choose the right bean varieties for your climate and region, and how to obtain the freshest organic bean and pea seeds. You will learn how to plant beans and care for the plants, including proper soil and fertilization, watering, combating diseases and pests, and trellising of pole beans. Finally, we will discuss how to harvest your beans and store them properly.

Contents Include:

1. Introduction
The Importance of Beans and Peas

2. The Ancient Roots of Beans
Nourishing Civilizations for Thousands of Years

3. Nutrition and Health Benefits of Beans
Fat-Free Protein, Fiber, Minerals, and B Vitamins

4. Green Beans (Snap Beans), Shelling Beans, and Dry Beans
Different Stages of Bean Harvest and Use

5. Pole Beans versus Bush Beans
The Tall and the Short of It

6. Beans and Peas to Fit Your Climate
What to Grow in Your Region, Including Limas, Lentils, Favas, and More

7. How to Obtain Good Bean Seeds
Reliable Sources for the Freshest Seeds

8. Planting and Growing Beans
Planting Seeds and Growing in Containers, Raised Beds, and Rows

9. Planting and Growing Peas
Cool Weather Food for Spring and Fall

10. Stakes, Trellises, and Other Supports
Simple Ways to Give Your Vines Some Support

11. Soil Secrets, Fertilization, Watering, and Care
Taking Good Care of Your Beans

12. Harvesting Dry Beans and Saving Your Own Seeds
Never Buy Bean Seeds Again!

Conclusion: Additional Resources on Heirloom Beans
Heirlooms Taste Better and Provide a Link to Our Past

Save Money and Eat Healthy...Grow Your Own!

You can save a lot of money over time by growing some of your own beans and peas, especially because you do not need to buy new seeds every year. Most beans and peas are Open Pollinated (OP), meaning that they are stabilized, non-hybrid seeds. In other words, you can save the seeds from one year to the next, and plant them again. Many varieties are classified as heirloom beans as well, having been developed by our ancestors and having stood the test of time. Some of our modern beans and peas have truly ancient origins.