Zoner Photo Studio Pro

Zoner Photo Studio is renowned software that makes your work with photos easy from start to finish: download, organize, make basic and advanced edits, and share online. No matter whether you're a beginner or an advanced photographer, in Zoner Photo Studio you'll find everything you need.

Easy downloading
Just hook up your camera to your computer, and Zoner Photo Studio will discover new photos on its own, store them safely, and sort them into folders.

Need to scan pictures or acquire them from the Internet, PDFs, and more? Zoner Photo Studio will help
you here too.

Easy organizing
Keeping a well-organizing picture collection means having all your photos carefully named and tagged. Sound time-consuming? With us, it's not. Zoner Photo Studio will batch-rename your pictures and help you tag them with shot locations, descriptions, and keywords. It's all done through industry-standard EXIF data, and it's all backed up for you. Your work is safe.

Automatic edits
Exposure, contrast, white balance, and more. Thanks to the Quick Edits bar, you have all the most-used photo edits right at hand. You’ll get results immediately. And for more power, there are tools like the Batch Filter to forever transform your photos.

Experts will appreciate the easy and quick RAW processing. Simply put your photos in the queue and let the computer process them when you don't need its processing power for something else.

Creative tools
Want your photos to wow your friends? Creating impressive pictures is a snap in Zoner Photo Studio.

Even with just an ordinary camera, you’ll have panoramas, HDR, and 3D photos ready in minutes. And check out the new Tilt/shift effect, a trendy transformation that can make your picture look like it’s full of miniatures.

Share with the world
For a year now, we’ve offered you Zonerama, an online space for your photos where you and your friends can view your pictures anywhere, even on the road. But naturally we also support upload to Facebook, Flick, and Picasa.

Or maybe you’d prefer to delight your loved ones with a custom calendar or DVD full of alluring pictures? It's all right here—Zoner Photo Studio will get your pictures where you need them to be going.

System Requirements:

To make using your favorite photo management
software a joy, your PC should meet the following requirements: 

OS: Microsoft Windows XP SP2/Vista/Windows 7/Windows 8 (32 or 64 bits)*
Processor: Intel Pentium 4 or compatible
Memory: 1 GB RAM
HDD: min. 350 MB free disk space
Resolution: 1024 x 768 High Color and more

* installer includes both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of the product

Homepage: http://www.zoner.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.