Bob Luman - Let's Think About Living: His Recordings 1955-1967 - Bear Family 4CD (2006)


Rockabilly luminary Bob Luman never became a huge star, but he did have a Top 10 hit ("Let's Think About Living") and a solid career of recordings, and has been revered for years by fans of early country and rock music. This admirably thorough compilation--part of Bear Family's excellent series of rockabilly retrospectives--contains four CDs' worth of music, as well as a hardbound 104-page book with photos and notes. This makes a nice companion piece to Bear Family's box set of later recordings.


Let's Think About Living - His Recordings 1955-1967 BCD 16259 DL This four CD boxed set contains all of Bob Luman’s recordings from 1955-1967. The Texas-native graced many labels during this period including Abbott, Imperial, Capitol, Warner Brothers, and Hickory Records. The 117 tracks includes 8 unissued masters - many in stereo for the first time - and all of his quintessential rockabilly staples. Luman’s story is told in a remarkably well-researched 104-page hardcover book that features amazing unpublished photos. The essay, written by the incomparable Hank Davis, augments articles published during the singer’s life and interviews with the man himself with previously unpublished interviews with key players in Luman’s personal life and career. Fresh insights are provided by Luman’s widow Barbara, daughter Melissa, close friends Bobby and Jeannie Bare, rockabilly legend Mac Curtis, guitar god James Burton, singer-songwriter Troy Shondell, songwriter Glenn Sutton, along with producers Shelby Singleton and Jim Vienneau. More importantly, the music still holds up, and thanks to Bear Family’s digital remastering, sounds better than ever. One of rock and country’s great underrated performers, Bob Luman enjoyed a special vocal gift that allowed him to alternately convey a sense of comfort as well as excitement. Eventually, Boudleaux Bryant penned Luman’s 1960 Top 10 hit “Let’s Think About Living.” Prior to that both Felice and Boudleaux - best known for their string of hits as sung by the Every Brothers - wrote some of the versatile solo artist's best material from that era including “You’ve Got Everything,” “Private Eye” and “Big River Rose” and a well thought out duet with the adorable Sue Thompson “Too Hot To Dance.” Luman also recorded songs by such top writers as John D. Loudermilk (“The Great Snowman,” “The File”), Don Gibson (“Bad Bad Day”), Doug Kershaw (“Louisiana Man”), Bobby Bare (“I‘m Gonna Write A Song About You”), Roy Orbison (“A Lonely Room,” “I Get So Sentimental”), Mickey Newbury (“If You Don’t Love Me”), Carl Perkins (“Poor Boy Blues”) and Troy Shondell (“Still Loving You”). Despite this abundance of great songwriting, few of Luman’s early tunes were commercially successful and wouldn’t find an audience until years later. Before his death in 1978, he recorded a string of Top 40 country hits for Epic and Polydor which can be found on the Bob Luman 1968-1977 (BCD 15898), which was released in 2000. Both boxed sets are worthwhile, but rockabilly fans will consider this one absolutely essential.
By Johnny (Victoria, B.C. Canada)