POtHS - Creation 64


Origins - Part 6

Description:

POtHS - Creation - 64 - Origins - Part 6

Origins:

Watch as scientists, researchers and authors share relevant facts and thought-provoking evidence supporting creation.  Join us for Cornerstone TeleVision's unique program entitled, ORIGINS, and then decide for yourself the truth about your human origins.  These new programs seen on Cornerstone Television Network and our affiliates throughout the world, continue to offer a forum to use scientific evidence to validate the truth of creation.

Donn Chapman reminds us,
“It’s God’s view that He created you… and that should be your worldview too!”

Part 3 - This download includes the following TV episodes, 30 min. each:
Noahs Flood - Washing Away Millions of Years with Dr. Terry Mortenson
The Mystery of Coal with Dr. Steve Austin
The Scientific Accuracy of the Bible with Dr  Brad Harrub
The Seeing Eye with Dr David Menton
The Statistical Impossibility of Evolution
Vestigial Organs From One Hundred to None
Was Darwin Wrong? with Dr. Brad Harrub
Weather Insights with Dr. Donald DeYoung
What About Comets?
World Wide Flood (geological evidences ) parts 1-3


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here:  http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
