POtHS - End Times - 19

A Watchman's The Day of The Lord pt3


 
POtHS - End Times - 19 - A Watchman's The Day of The Lord pt3


POtHS Comments on This oneTHEY ARE COMING, REMEMBER WE ARE IN CONTROL. Not them. Do not be deceived. Fear is a Sin.

Description:

A Watchman's The Day Of The Lord, part 3:
Benjamin Baruch presents insightful scriptural knowledge to today's Christians and our relationship with the Lord in a week long interview on OmegaMan Radio.  How do the scriptures convey our hardships of today, our gatherings and encounters in modern society, lessons learned, our behaviors, acceptence and joy of life filled with God's Holy Word and what expectations we should have for events yet to come?


This download contains the following radio sermons:
End Times ~ Matters Of The Heart ~ Benjamin Baruch ~ OmegaMan Radio:

Take Heed That No Man Deceive You ~ Benjamin Baruch ~ OmegaMan:

The Son Of Man Revealed ~ Benjamin Baruch ~ OmegaMan Radio:

Will You Just Fade Away - Benjamin Baruch on OmegaMan Radio:


Also included are...
Signs - Part 11:
A compilation of various short clips presenting the apocalyptic signs which are occurring around the world today and help us identify the signs ushering the end of days.  View what's been happening in our time and determine for yourself the onset of Revelations and what may lay ahead.  
-----------------------------------------------------------

Endtime News Updates, 11-20, 11-30, 12-13-12:
Latest world news on wars and rumors of wars, and various global agendas to formalize the New World Order and Religion.

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

The Entire Collection can be found here:  http://conspiracyhub.com/membershares.php?it=41

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
