Encrypt PDF

Encrypt PDF is a powerful and useful tool that can help you encrypt your PDF files. It can help you set open passwords for your PDF files, preventing the PDF files from opening or reading. You can also use this tool to set owner passwords, preventing your PDF files from printing, editing, coping, and changing. With Encrypt PDF, you don't need Adobe Acrobat, or any other Adobe products.

Features of Encrypt PDF (GUI)

Easy to Operate
Easy to use.
Support drag and drop.
Do NOT need Adobe Acrobat software.
Set permissions to all the PDF in your archive in batches.

Secure PDF with passwords
Set open or user passwords to protect PDF from unauthorized opening.
Set owner passwords to protect PDF from unauthorized editing, printing, and coping.
Support 40-bit or 128-bit PDF encryption protection.

Protect your PDF from Unauthorized Use
Prevent printing PDF by unauthorized users.
Prevent copying text or graphics of PDF.
Prevent changing or editing contents of PDF.

Features of Encrypt PDF Command Line

Encrypt PDF Command Line provides a regular console interface. It has all the features of Encrypt PDF (GUI). Besides, it has the following features:
Provide a command line application.
Support wildcards as the asterisk in the example: *.pdf.
Simple to use it inside your CGI/ASP/PHP/etc. (Server Side)

Two Types of PDF Passwords

There two types of passwords you can apply to PDF files: owner/master password and user/open password.
Owner/master passwords can be used to protect PDF files from printing, editing, change, and copying. With an owner password, users can get full access to the PDF file. This means if printing was disabled, you need to use owner passwords to print the PDF files. The second type is the user/open password. If you want to read an open password protected PDF file, you need to have an open password.

Supported Operating Systems:

Support Microsoft Windows 98/ME/NT/2000/XP/2003/Vista/7/2008 of both 32-bit and 64-bit.

Homepage: http://www.verypdf.com/app/encrypt-pdf/index.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use Keygen to get Valid serial for registering application.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.