QM Launcher v1.3 APK 

 
http://i.imgur.com/3qG3xkn.jpg



“QM” stands for Quantum Matrix, a patented technology designed to store, manage, and quickly access all of your apps, photos, music, documents, and more! Check out our website for all the features, especially the User Guide under the Support page.

The QM Launcher eliminates the 2D panning and scrolling that is typical of panel-based launchers and home screens on the market today, and optimizes the use of your precious screen space. With the QM Launcher, you can organize an unlimited number of apps in an easy-to-use 3D cube. We call it the “Matrix”. By simply rotating the Matrix, you have immediate access to dozens of your favorite apps and multimedia content.

The QM Launcher also comes with a Widget Panel and Toolbar, allowing you to further customize your home screen. With the Widget Panel, you can easily adjust the size, and quickly add your favorite widgets wherever you’d like.

One unique and powerful feature of the Quantum Matrix is that any launchpad can represent a Sub-Matrix – a virtual pointer to another Matrix. This allows you to create a variety of hierarchical relationships. This construct is perfect for allowing one to store and organize large amounts of content, limited only by the memory capacity of the device.

In today’s mobile computing world, there are apps for doing just about everything. Unlike other home screens, the QM Launcher uniquely addresses the need to manage the ever-increasing number of apps and content we find on our smartphones and tablets.

A group of small companies got together to produce the QM Launcher, and we hope you find it enhances your productivity and the usability of your device. There aren't too many things you can control in the world today, but the QM Launcher is definitely one of them. We are passionate about creating new ways to interact with mobile devices, and we believe the QM Launcher is a revolutionary step forward. Simply put, the QM Launcher will make your Android device more fun and easier to use than ever before!

What's in this version : (Updated : Jan 24, 2013)

    Color change option under Preferences menu - you can now change the color of the Matrix. Pick from an unlimited number of colors and shades!
    Miscellaneous bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 2.3.3+

Screenshots :

 
https://lh4.ggpht.com/iE8t9QhHRY98qNXjcwbWrBduS6LHBiNDHFl1N7owMlTyBZS57EBL-Cq8ZG_7X1wza7A

 
https://lh4.ggpht.com/mHtqv9eJ1n6qYvOO3tdKLt4tAIpo0saqcNdI6EzTIZFnMHHjs5QXAx-0pLghFnELV2QR

 
https://lh3.ggpht.com/EkpTWgq_6n6qeXZHFDw5QnYSFzkp8iLyYKseteJnzRH-LqtzyuJIdyqgNk0Dpah5UyY

 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.quantummatrix.QuantumMatrix3DEngine