Requirements: Android v2.0+

Overview: CamScanner is an intelligent document management solution for individuals, 

small businesses, organizations, governments and schools. It is the perfect fit for 

those who want to scan, sync, edit, share and manage various contents on all devices.


Turn any Smartphone into a Scanner with CamScanner for Intelligent Document Management

CamScanner is an intelligent document management solution for individuals, small 

businesses, organizations, governments and schools. It is the perfect fit for those 

who want to scan, sync, edit, share and manage various contents on all devices.

 40 million mobile users’ choices for document scanning worldwide

 “The application employs its own image cropping and enhancing algorithm that 

leads to clearer images.” – Makeuseof.com

 “CamScanner may just be the best deal for scanning documents on your iPhone.” – 

CNET.com

 Top Developer – Google Play Store

Features:

*Access Documents from the Web

Now you can log in to your account at http://www.camscanner.net and edit file name, 

add tag, add notes; manage documents and share document via copying the link or 

social media.

*Quickly Scan Document

Use your phone camera to SCAN (take a picture of) all kinds of paper documents: 

receipts, notes, invoices, whiteboard discussions, business cards, certificates, 

etc. Batch Scan Mode saves you even more time. It auto detects and adjusts the 

document orientation.

*Optimize Scan Quality


Smart cropping and auto enhancing make CamScanner unique. It ensures the texts and 

graphics in scanned documents are clear and sharp with premium colors and 

resolutions.

*Easy Search Document

Find any documents within seconds. OCR for Search allows you to easily find 

keywords within PDF files, saving you the trouble of browsing among tons of 

documents.

*Advanced Document Editing

CamScanner enable you to edit document name, add notes and make annotations on your 

mobile.

*Intelligent Document Management

Intelligent document management on the go. You can allocate documents in groups, 

sort documents by Date, tag documents, view documents in List/Thumbnail mode and 

etc. Set passwords for confidential documents to avoid information leaks.
