The Dressmaker's Handbook of Couture Sewing Techniques: Essential Step-by-Step Techniques for Professional Results
by Lynda Maynard
Interweave Press | December 2010 | ISBN-10: 1596682477 | 144 pages | PDF | 27 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Dressmakers-Handbook-Couture-Sewing-Techniques/dp/1596682477

Packed with professional techniques and tips, The Dressmaker??s Handbook of Couture Sewing Techniques takes the mystery out of the sewing and fi nishing techniques that many dressmakers assume are either extremely diffi cult or are only for professional fashion designers.
Fashion designer and expert sewist Lynda Maynard tackles each professional technique with clear instructions in simple step-by-step stages. Once these skills are understood, sewists will embrace their dressmaking projects with more confidence and the ability to create chic, refined looks.
The DressmakerΓÇÖs Handbook of Couture Sewing Techniques unlocks the door to stunning results with better shaping, simpler construction methods, and professional finishing touches. Lynda also explains several seemingly difficult ΓÇ£secrets,ΓÇ¥ from making bindings and finishing for hems, armholes, and necklines to underpinnings and structuring techniques. Plus, she teaches how to master finishing touches from textured stitches to couching and applique. A complete guide to the fabrics suited to each technique and inspirational fashion photography are also included.

About the Author 
http://lyndamaynarddesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/AboutPortrait-200x300.png
Lynda Maynard has been designing and sewing clothes much of her life. She has a B.A. in textiles and clothing from San Jose State University and is an adjunct professor in the fashion design departments of two community colleges and a private design school in the San Francisco Bay area. She also has a private clientele challenging her to develop innovative techniques to create a superior product. She is known in the industry as a fit specialist and is the author of the audio book De-Mystifying Fit.