My Kitchen Rules Australia Series 4 Episode 12

When Australia's favourite home-cooking show returns for its fourth series in 2013, the table will be set for a few extra guests.

Welcoming a new judge along with blind taste testing for the first time, the biggest shock for audiences will be seeing who's crashing the My Kitchen Rules dinner parties. Who do you think it could be?

One thing is certain: there are plenty of surprises in store when My Kitchen Rules launches in 2013.

Manu Feildel and Pete Evans return to host and judge the ultimate home-cooking battle as they accept dinner party invites in each state across the country.

This series they welcome new guest judge Colin Fassnidge to the table alongside returning guest judges Guy Grossi, Karen Martini and Liz Egan.

It's state versus state, plate against plate, as teams of two attempt to out-dine and out-wine each other to see whose kitchen rules.

Each team will take turns to transform an ordinary home into an instant restaurant for one pressure cooker night. They'll serve up a three course menu designed to impress not only their fellow contestants but our esteemed judges.

There will be triumphs, kitchen fires, laughter, tears and plenty of opinionated guests as they battle the clock and their nerves to plate up on time.

The top two teams will again battle it out in the grand final where they will present their ultimate dining menu to a full restaurant.

With $250,000 in prize money on offer, the knives will definitely be out.

Group 2 - Domestic goddesses
Cupcakes, pretty things and romance are Jenna and Joanna's great loves. But beneath the prettiness lies iron-willed determination.

Jenna, 25, credits her fiancé Tyson and his family for helping to turn her life around. His mother, Shirley, happened to be the business partner of Joanna's mother. (They are bridal designers in Adelaide.) And that is how Jenna, and Joanna, 27, became friends.
But for this Adelaide twosome, "Food bonded us," says Joanna, who is third generation Italian.

"My mum and Shirley get together and make bread, as in 50 loaves, and once a year, huge batches of pasta sauce," explains Joanna. "It all gets given away, goes to the neighbours and others. It's an all-day thing and Jenna's come in on the Italian traditions."

Jenna works in a cake shop and has a cupcake business on the side which she hopes to expand.

She's learning a lot about making dreams reality from Joanna, who, with her husband, runs a barbecue manufacturing business called G-Spit. They also make a range of barbecue seasonings.

"Jenna and I feed off each other and inspire each other, " says Joanna. "We both know we're going in the same direction."

Both love to cook, of course. "We may not be the best, but we love it," says Joanna. "My aunty taught me to cook – Sicilian cooking. Generally at home we eat Italian food but we try everything. We like South American grilling."

Jenna is the sweets girl, but she will try her hand at everything, particularly as she has some pretty clear dreams of being a homemaker.

Joanna has two kids, four and two, and was married  at 21. "We just knew we were right for each other.  At the time it was a case of when you know, you know."
Jenna loves that idea. "I love to feed my fiancé. If I could be a fulltime stay-at-home mum and cook and clean  all day I would. I really love to cook and clean. When  it's appreciated it makes me feel nurtured and it makes me happy to be able to nurture people.

"I love the idea of everyone leaving for the day and coming home to a clean house and the smell of good food in the oven."

