                       

                       PART  470

                  (alternative rock)


              PJ HARVEY -  A Perfect Day Elise  (1998)
              KULA SHAKER -  Shower Your Love (1999)
              SUPERGRASS   -  Mary  (1999)
              REEF  -  I've Got Something To Say  (2003)
              SUPERGRASS  - Kiss Of Life  (2004)



    "Is This Desire?"  is the fourth studio album by PJ Harvey, released on 28 September 1998.  It received a Grammy Award nomination as Best Alternative Music Performance of 1998. Although it did not sell as well as her 1995 commercial breakthrough "To Bring You My Love", it did spawn her biggest UK hit with the single "A Perfect Day Elise"; a second single, "The Wind", also dented the UK Top 30.   

    "Shower Your Love" is a song by Kula Shaker. It first appeared on their second album "Peasants, Pigs & Astronauts" in March 1999 and then as a single in its own right two months later. It reached #14 on the UK Singles Chart.     (Britpop, Psychedelic rock)

    "Mary" was the third and final single from the Britpop band Supergrass' eponymous third album. Released in November 1999, it reached a disappointing #36 on the UK Charts, their lowest charting single for 5 years. This was also the last Supergrass single to be released on cassette.Conceived as an homage to the Hammer Horror films from the 1950s, the accompanying music video features three moderately scary scenes, always corresponding to the song's "falsetto screaming" chorus: a room with books flying off the shelves and objects exploding because of poltergeist, a housewife vomiting blood in front of her family (including two children) and a girl drowning in a bathtub while blood spouts from the sink. The video was banned from television due to being "too frightening". An edited version was released, replacing the aforementioned scary scenes with pictures of onions.

    "I've Got Something To Say" is a  song written and performed by Reef, released as a single in May 2003 and included in the album "Together" of the same year."Together" is a greatest hits album by Reef
and contains most of the band's singles and some non-LP track

   "Kiss of Life" is a song by the band Supergrass. It was released as a single from the compilation album, Supergrass is 10. It was a new song, recorded for the compilation and was released in May 2004, reaching #23 in the UK Singles Chart.   (alternative rock)
