NeoPaint

NeoPaint is a full featured artist's studio for Windows that's easy-to-learn, powerful and affordable! It's simple enough for beginners yet packed with powerful features and advanced tools. NeoPaint makes it easy for business and home users to touch up photographs and create great looking graphics for desktop publishing, presentations and the Internet!

Some of NeoPaint's many powerful features include: support for many popular image formats like JPEG, GIF, PCX, TIFF, BMP and PNG; integrated support for scanners and digital cameras; professional quality output to any Windows compatible black and white or color printer; multiple undo levels; dozens of special effects and textures; custom paint brushes; photo retouch and color correction tools; high quality color and format conversion; masking; red-eye removal; cloning; Stamp Pad; 3D objects; color separation; Picture Browser with file management tools; built-in Screen Capture; and dozens of other tools and options. NeoPaint also includes some exciting natural media tools including charcoal, crayon, chalk, ink, watercolor, oil paint and more.

What's New in Version 5?

Rewritten from the ground up, NeoPaint 5 represents a giant leap forward with major enhancements and new features everywhere. While version 5 will feel familiar to longtime NeoPaint users, it includes many amazing new capabilities. Some of the many new tools and features added to NeoPaint 5 include:New enhanced user interface and faster performance. Tool palettes can be moved, rolled up and docked.
32-bit Alpha Channel and PNG transparency support.
Layers.
Multi-resolution icons and cursors.
New drawing and painting tools: Interactive Crop, Pen, Alpha Channel, Color Tint Brush, Tooth Whitener, Poly Ellipse.
Dozens of enhancements to existing drawing and painting tools.
Superb high quality text with improved formatting, options and effects - including five anti-aliasing/smoothing modes, adjustable line spacing, shadow effects and rotation to any angle.
Levels/Histogram adjustment.
Curves adjustment.
Full screen editing.
Text, cutouts, gradients and stamps can be rotated interactively - to any angle.
Gradient and tile fills can be applied to any object.
All geometric tools (lines, rectangles, ellipses, polygons, etc.) support anti-aliasing and adjustable transparency.
Arrowhead and line style options added to Line and Bezier tools.
32-bit transparent stamps.
Favorites option for often used colors.
New color selection options: RGB, CMYK, HSV and HTML.
Dozens of new special effects.
Dynamic undo/redo reduces memory requirements and speeds up editing of large images.
JPEG 2000.
35 RAW image formats.
Support for many PhotoshopΓäó plug-ins.
Improved screen capture (NeoGrab) with website capture feature.
3D object lighting effects.
Export to PDF.
Unicode.
Improved scanner and camera support.
And dozens of other enhancements and improvements.

Supported OS:

Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8/Desktop (32-bit or 64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.neosoftware.com/index.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run " Regme " and merge it to System registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
