Directed by Paul Thomas Anderson
Produced by Paul Thomas Anderson
Megan Ellison
Daniel Lupi
JoAnne Sellar
Written by Paul Thomas Anderson
Starring Joaquin Phoenix
Philip Seymour Hoffman
Amy Adams
Music by Jonny Greenwood
Cinematography Mihai M─âlaimare, Jr.
Editing by Leslie Jones
Peter McNulty
Studio Annapurna Pictures
Ghoulardi Film Company
Distributed by The Weinstein Company
Release date(s)

September 1, 2012 (VFF)
September 14, 2012 (United States)

Running time 143 minutes[1]
Country United States
Language English

Freddie Quell is a sex-obsessed alcoholic World War II veteran struggling to adjust to a post-war society. He becomes a portrait photographer at a local department store but is soon fired for getting into a drunken fight with a customer. Freddie then finds work on a cabbage farm, but his moonshine poisons one of the elderly migrant workers and he is chased off.

One night, intoxicated, Freddie stows away on the yacht of Lancaster Dodd, the leader of a philosophical movement known as "The Cause". When he is discovered, Dodd invites Freddie to stay and attend the marriage of Dodd's daughter, Elizabeth, as long as he will make more of his mysterious brew (made with paint thinner), which Dodd has developed a taste for. Dodd begins an exercise with Freddie called Processing, a flurry of disturbing psychological questioning aimed at conquering Freddie's past traumas. Freddie reveals that his father has died, his mother is institutionalized, he may have had an incestuous relationship with his aunt, and he abandoned the love of his life, a young girl named Doris, who wrote to him while he was at war. Freddie is enthralled by Dodd, who doesn't flinch from his abject revelations, and Dodd sees something in Freddie. Freddie travels with Dodd's family as they spread the teachings of "The Cause" along the East Coast, staying as guests in the homes of various women drawn to "The Cause". But Freddie's violent and erratic behavior has not improved, nor has his alcoholism. At a dinner party in New York, a man questions Dodd's methods and statements, and Freddie pursues him to his apartment and assaults him that night.

BitRate :7 002kbps
Size:7,38GB
Sub:ITA
Language:ITA ENG
Compression: NO
DVD9: DVD9 1:1
Menu: Yes
Extras:Yes

Use NERO to burn .iso, burn to DVD a low speed for best results, or use DEAMON TOOLS to mount .iso 