 http://beeimg.com/images/p12026989831.gif 
http://beeimg.com/images/y53087126021.png

Folder Guard Professional 9.0.0.1665 Final - SceneDL

Folder Guard┬« is a powerful computer security program that you can use to control access to files, folders, and other Windows resources. You can use Folder Guard to lock your personal files and folders with passwords, to stop other users from peeking into your records. You can even completely hide your private folders from virtually all applications, and such folders would remain invisible until you enter a valid password. You can also protect sensitive system files from modification or destruction, disable access to the removable drives, restrict access to Control Panel, and more.

You can protect with password virtually any folder, allowing only authorized users to open the protected files or folders. You can password-protect an unlimited number of folders, each with its own password, or you can use the Master Password of Folder Guard to unprotect them all at once.

Why choose Folder Guard? 

Folder Guard can hide your personal folders from other users
You can set up Folder Guard to hide your private folders (or make them appear empty). The folder would be hidden from virtually any program, including Windows Explorer, Office, MS-DOS programs, etc.

Folder Guard can password-protect and restrict access to file folders
You can password-protect any document folder to prevent access to your personal files without knowing the password. You can set up Folder Guard to allow only certain users to change the computer settings with Control Panel, while denying that to other users.

Folder Guard can control access to programs and files 
You can prevent other users (even the administrators) from using the system tools that can mess up your Windows installation, while allow such use for yourself or someone who knows the Master password. You can also designate the backup programs as the trusted ones, allowing them to backup your protected files in the background without asking you for the password every time.

Folder Guard can lock access to the USB, CD-ROM and other removable drives 
You can configure Folder Guard to allow or deny access to the removable drives, restricting the user's ability to run or install unauthorized programs on your computer.

Home Page - http://www.winability.com/

Install Notes:

1] Install The App
2] Do Not Launch The App
3] Copy Content from Crack Folder to Install Directory
4] Enjoy This Release!!

By:

SceneDL