


 
http://img-zone.com/p/img-51aa47ccbdad1.html 
 
http://img-zone.com/p/img-51aa47cceea94.html 



Size: 1681260411 bytes (1.57 GiB), 
duration: 02:38:09, avg.bitrate: 1417 kb/s
Audio: aac, 48000 Hz, stereo (und)
Video: h264, yuv420p, 720x404, 29.97 fps(r) (und)


Roccos.POV.12.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-PORNOLATiON 

 Describing A Very Special POV Audition:
 ‘I had incredible sex with Jane. As soon as I pulled my dick from her she felt something and I don’t know what was her problem. She was so incredible and completely kept me up, and we had an incredible explosion of sex.’ -Rocco Siffredi
 Sure, Rocco Siffredi is an esteemed director and celebrated porn performer who’s made hundreds of high-end, big-budget smut films. But there’s just no substitute for the intimacy of one girl, one man and one camera. ‘Rocco’s POV 12' brings the Italian stud’s unique style into sharp focus as gorgeous young ladies visit him in his private office for some intensive auditions. These fresh, alluring girls are horny, willing and brimming with curiosity. First, sexy Jane services Rocco’s huge shaft, sucking and fucking him and slurping up his cum. Next, 20-year-old Hungarian music student Connie meets the older man and shows him her perfect, petite body and sunny smile.
 The raven-haired cutie gags on his massive cock and rides Rocco until he spews a hot load of jizz into her hungry mouth. Adorable, athletic Dori plays with big dildos, then bounces on Rocco’s meat, completely stuffed with throbbing Italian sausage. Stunning, all-natural Ivett is a beautiful student who takes direction well; she rides Rocco and sucks his sperm directly from the source. Finally, slender and sassy Ariella blows Rocco… but struggles mightily to fit the director’s thick tool inside her. This kind of honest, real sex only happens behind closed doors. For those who appreciate the personal touch, ‘Rocco’s POV 12' presents a candid look at a porn stud’s (almost) private reality. 

Type: Full Length Movie
Starring: Connie, Ivett, Ariella, Jane, Bianca Arden, Dori
Content: All Sex, Anal, Cumshot, Dildo, Hardcore, Oral, Nylons, Pantyhose, Stockings