When I'm With You Series (Parts 1-5) by Beth Kery in PDF, EPUB and MOBI format. 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter - http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre - http://calibre-ebook.com/download 
Online - http://ebook.online-convert.com/ 

When I'm With You Part I - When We Touch by Beth Kery (2013)

Restaurateur and self-exiled heir Lucien Lenault's first look at the breathtaking young chef trainee for his trendy Chicago restaurant is a shock. She's Elise Martin, daughter of a wealthy French fashion designer. She's also the holder of a secret that could explode his carefully laid plans.

Notorious for her flagrant exhibitionism, and for flouting the respectable façade of her aristocratic background, the coquine's wild streak shocked most people. Not Lucien. He was tempted by it. It was a deliriously punishable offense as far as Lucien was concerned. But taking on Elise is more than a game. She's a catastrophe waiting to happen, an inferno that's burned many a lover. Lucien isn't most men, however, and he won't allow her to manipulate him. In order to control the defiant beauty--in order to see her submit--he's going to have to willingly walk in the flames...

When I'm With You Part II - When You Defy by Beth Kery (2013)

Elise's teasing and impulsiveness have landed her
back at the erotic mercy of Lucien, who is determined to teach her
discipline--even if all he wants to do is to give in to the beast within and
consume her completely. When he discovers her in a dangerous situation that
could have been avoided, he punishes her--and once again tests the limits of his
own control. By dominating her, he hopes to teach her the meaning of
self-control through total submission. But even though he sets strict rules on
himself, he still isn't entirely prepared for feeling Elise shudder in
surrender in his arms.

Lucien challenges her, excites her...bewilders her
to the point of distraction. Does he want her, or doesn't he? Elise is afraid
to reveal to him just how vulnerable--just how naïve she is when it comes to
sexual games. None of her typical wiles work on him. And what brought Lucien to
Chicago with a new name and new identity? What does it have to do with his
industrialist father's disgraceful downfall? Who is Ian Noble, the provocative new
stranger in Lucien's shadow? And why has Lucien taken to following him in the
night? For Elise the answers will come soon enough. She has other things to
worry about now, such as Lucien's observance of her foolish behavior...and the
inevitable consequence to come.

When I'm With You Part III - When You Tease Me by Beth Kery (2013)

Out-of-control party girl Elise Martin's playground was all of Europe--until she came to Chicago to channel her innate creativity and sensual nature into something totally different, yet just as delicious. But she never dreamed that becoming chef at the sleek restaurant Fusion would lead to her back into the territory of her girlhood crush--the irresistible enigma called Lucien, He says he's going to take her under his hand and he's even moved her into his luxurious penthouse, where she's agreed to submit to his rules. It's a prospect that both intimidates and excites Elise. One thing is for certain: while she may have had the power to put every other man in her life in her hip pocket, she can't control Lucien.

Gorgeous businessman Lucien Savauge, adopted son of an infamous French billionaire, knows how to treat bad girls, but Elise is a temptation that would try even the most disciplined of men. He can't walk away from her--he won't--but kindling their potentially explosive relationship is risky. She knows too much about his intentions with Ian Noble, even if she's unaware of just how explosive her knowledge is. And as Elise is quickly learning, if she's going to play with fire, she's going to have to play by Lucien's rules.

When I'm With You Part IV - When I'm Bad by Beth Kery (2013)

Lucien knows there's no going back now--Elise is not a woman that a man takes in half measure. It's all or nothing. In moving forward to make her his--completely--he promises that if she submits she'll discover what she craves too. The kind of sharp, imperative edge of pleasure she's never truly known before.

But Elise proves to be such a wild, fiery, and sexually fearsome woman that Lucien wonders if she can ever really surrender to him. When she *does let loose, Lucien fears that he is the one getting closer to being burned. As the two of them get deeper into a dangerous sexual dance, Lucien can't help but wonder if the exquisite firestorm that Elise has ignited could expose his secrets, draw him dangerously close to the edge, and leave his future in ashes.

When I'm With You Part V - When You Submit by Beth Kery (2013)

Elise feels regret for pushing Lucien over the sensual edge. He is no longer able to deny himself now that he's taken her, and installs her in his bed for good. At her friend Francesca's urging, Elise dares something new with Lucien--an attempt at honest communication, and not just about her career plans, but about something more challenging: She wants to submit to him completely.

Lucien is moved by Elise's honesty, but must leave for Paris to attend to one of his father's companies. Also troubling for Elise is that Francesca and Ian seem to know everything about Lucien, including his secrets. All but one. Something even Elise doesn't know. Whatever the cost, Elise is determined to confront Lucien about his past, and why, after all they've been through, is he just as determined to keep her in the dark.


Seed and Enjoy!