

               Need for Speed: Most Wanted Black Edition (c) EA Games


     01/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Safedisc 4.6 / Custom
           4 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Racing



                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß

  Game Information:
  
  Wake up to the smell of burnt asphalt as the thrill of illicit street
  racing permeates the air. From the makers of the hit Need for Speed
  Underground series, Need for Speed Most Wanted challenges players to 
  become the most notorious and elusive street racer. 

  Combining illicit street racing and tuner customization with the 
  intensity of strategic police pursuit that surpasses any Hollywood-style
  chase scene, Need for Speed Most Wanted will be on every gamer's 'must-
  have' list this holiday season. Out-race rivals, evade cops and exploit
  hundreds of miles of open road as gamers make their way up the Blacklist. 

  In this limited edition release commemorating the 10th anniversary of Need 
  for Speed, you'll get access to more cars and races, in addition to engaging
  in more intense police pursuits on your road to becoming the Most Wanted. 
  Take to the streets in eight specially-tuned street machines or two exclusive
  Black Edition rides. When you are ready to take a break, dive into the 
  exclusive Black Edition DVD. Need for Speed Most Wanted Black Edition gives 
  you the most exclusive content and takes you under the hood with Need for 
  Speed Most Wanted.  Here are some of the new features:
  
  - 2 Exclusive Vehicles - Get behind the wheel of a .67 Camaro, the only 
    American classic in Need for Speed
    
  - Most Wanted, and a specially-tuned BMW M3 GTR street machine right out of 
  the box in Online (Xbox only) and Quick Race modes.
  
  - 8 Custom Rides - Eight specially tuned rides with hand-selected body kits,
  spoilers, rims, roof scoops, and more are unlocked and available for you to 
  redline in Online (Xbox only) and Quick Race modes. Featured cars: 
  Supra, Lotus Elise, Porsche 911 GT2, Mercedes-Benz SL65 AMG, Corvette C6, 
  Mercedes-Benz SL 500, Porsche 911 Carrera S, and Corvette C6.R.
  
  - Exclusive Pursuit Challenge - Hone your cop evasion skills in this intense
  Pursuit Challenge that features waves of supercharged SUV cops and the most 
  aggressive police tactics.
  
  - 3 Exclusive Races - Ignite the streets in three races created specifically 
  for the Black Edition, unlocked and available to drive right from the start.
  
  - Exclusive and Unlocked Vinyls - Personalize your ride faster than everyone 
  else with dozens of unlocked vinyls as well as specifically created Black 
  Edition-only designs.
  
  
  Release Notes: 
  
  Volkswagen released a NOCD "crack" for this game earlier, this was nothing
  more then a patched japanese loader exe with 15mb worth of 0's added to
  cover up the theft. Enjoy this fully reversed version and the cracktro we
  included in the crack directory on the DVD. 
  


             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
             ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß

  1. Unrar.
  2. Burn or mount with Daemon Tools.
  3. Install the game.
  4. When prompted for a key, use the keygen located in the Crack dir on the 
     DVD or use any of these keys:

     THQ8-YUR4-8QQT-R8QC-VRLD
     J6KK-R3YG-KMJZ-BKMB-3RLD
     5QUU-2927-LHF4-9LHZ-6RLD
     JB55-Q2VH-U65W-KU6J-YRLD
     F79Z-WU3N-YFV4-CYF6-7RLD

  5. Run nfsmwpatch1.3.exe to update the game to version 1.3
  6. Copy the cracked executable located in the /crack directory on the DVD to
     your installation directory.
  7. Play the game.
  



               Üßß  ÜßßÛ ÜßßÜ ²  Ü ÜßßÛ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûß²  Û  ² Û  ² Ûßß  Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                ßß    Û   ßß   ßß  ß    ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß
                        
                " Now hiring Talented Crackers: rld@inbox.lv "