Ashampoo Photo Mailer

Email photo sharing is tedious?

Today, there are numerous ways to share your images online. However, what should be the simplest way still remains a pain - sharing images through email. Batches of images have to be manually resized, trimmed and often split up into several mails to meet email provider constraints.
Not any more!

Ashampoo Photo Mailer does all the trimming and resizing for you and turns photo sharing through email into a joyful experience. You provide the photos, Ashampoo Photo Mailer does the rest!
any number of images (splitting occurs automatically and only when required)
to any number of recipients (simple and efficient contact management included)
at any quality (trimming and resizing occurs automatically and only when required)

Image Processing

With Ashampoo Photo Mailer, users need not worry about size or quantity constraints. Based on a single slider control, users can select between four different levels of quality. Ashampoo Photo Mailer will then fully-automatically adjust all images and bundle them into as many emails as are required.
User Interface

Ashampoo Photo Mailer is built around a rapid step-by-step process from picking images and adding recipients to dispatching your emails. The approach is highly intuitive and self-explanatory and requires no lengthy learning process.
Account Management

Setting up existing email accounts takes just a name, email address and account password. Ashampoo Photo Mailer automatically recognizes different email providers and adds the required server settings.

Address Book

Adding and editing contacts is easy with Ashampoo Photo Mailer. It takes only a single click to add a contact. Adding recipients to new emails is even simpler through a context-sensitive popup menu. 

System Requirements:

Operating System:
Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed, graphic adapter min.resolution 1024 x 768 with 256 MB memory. 
Active Internet connection.

CPU:
2,0 GHz (or higher) CPU. 

RAM and disk space:
512 MB RAM 

Software: 
Microsoft .Net 4.0 Framework

Homepage: https://www.ashampoo.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Run "Regme" and merge it to System registry.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.