Mac Blu-ray Player 2.8.6 Cracked.

Mac Blu-ray Player is the first universal Blu-ray media player software for Apple Mac in the world, which can successfully play Blu-ray Disc, Blu-ray ISO files, or Blu-ray folders on Mac and PC, as well as on iOS devices, such as iPhone / iPad / iPad mini / iPod touch (iTouch). Almost all kinds of video, audio, photo formats can be played with it. It is multilanguage supported and easy to be operated with friendly user interface and layout. After adding DTS5.1 into it, Mac Blu-ray Player software can bring you to the most popular Blu-ray media enjoyment.


Description

The best Mac Blu-ray Player software, Apple Blu-ray Player, Media/DVD/Blu-ray ISO player

The first Blu-ray player software supporting Mac

Mac Blu-ray player, the world's first Blu-ray player software for Apple Mac, is the unique Blu-ray media player that supports both Mac and Windows systems. All Blu-ray Disc, Blu-ray files, and Blu-ray folders (BDMV folders) can be perfectly played on MacBook Pro, Air, Mac mini, iMac, Mac Pro with OS X 10.5 to 10.8, as well as Windows 8 / 7 / XP / Vista by Mac Blu-ray player software. With this fabulous Mac Blu-ray Player software you can easily have a HD Blu-ray entertainment on your Mac or PC.

Splendid Blu-ray/DVD enjoyment

Super high technology makes the Mac Blu-ray Player successfully play any commercial Blu-ray Disc / DVD released in multiple regions. With ultrafast loading and super high quality, the Mac Blu-ray Player gives you a fantastic UHD Blu-ray / DVD experience on Mac OS X 10.5 or higher systems. Also, this professional Blu-ray / DVD player is able to support Blu-ray Disc and DVD menu, which makes it very convenient for you to play movie or choose settings, like subtitles, audio tracks, title, etc.

Outstanding universal performance and all media formats supported

Mac Blu-ray Player is a kind of universal media player software by which all kinds of media formats like movies, videos, audios, music and photos can be played. Apart from Blu-ray Disc, Blur-ray ISO files, and BDMV folders, Mac Blu-ray Player can also play DVD, VideoCD, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, WMV, MP4, MPEG, RMVB, MP3, WMA, AAC, AC3, etc. With the arrival of Mac Blu-ray Player software, Mac users and fans are currently able to enjoy Blu-ray with high quality and fantasitic experience on their Mac desktops and laptops.

Support playback of Blu-ray or DVD movies in ISO image format

Mac Blu-ray player is a professional Blu-ray & DVD media player for Mac and PC with advanced media technology. It not only plays Blu-ray or DVD discs but also delete Blu-ray or DVD ISO files and folders on Mac and PC as a Blu-ray ISO player. If there is a Blu-ray or DVD ISO file in your computer, just open the Mac Blu-ray Player software and click on the “Open file” button. An interface will then pop up, where you can select the Blu-ray or DVD ISO file you want to watch and playback will start immediately. It is easy to understand and use, even a novice can do it!

Powerful High-Definition video player and hardware acceleration available

The uniqueness of this tool doesn't end with the fact that it is the very first Blu-ray player for Mac. Mac Blu-ray Player can directly play Blu-ray and DVD movie without any quality loss. It outputs video at up to 1080p high-definition quality without loss of data and frame, and allows full preservation of all audio tracks (like DTS HD Master Audio, Dolby TrueHD Audio, etc.), subs streams, chapter markers and videos. Also, it supports NVIDIA's CUDA acceleration technology. Despite the complex codecs and hardware acceleration techniques working in the background, we have made the simplest and most convenient front for users.
 
DTS5.1- leading super high quality of stereo output

It is well known that DTS5.1 provides super high quality of stereo output, and Mac Blu-ray Player software supports DTS5.1 for Mac. This is the first ever program to do that. With DTS5.1 audio system, Mac Blu-ray Player provides the best-in-class audio output for Mac or PC, and lets you enjoy fantastic home cinema (theater) entertainment.

Support Blu-ray on iPhone/iPad/iPod touch

Since the release of the newly upgraded 2 serial versions, Mac Blu-ray Player has added the amazing AirX function, which makes Blu-ray media playable on iOS devices, such as iPhone, iPad, iPad mini, and iPod touch (iTouch). With fast loading speed and easy operation, you can easily and directly have Blu-ray media fun on your iPhone/iPad/iPad mini/iPod touch by Airx TV, as long as your computer and your iOS device are connected at the same Wi-Fi environment.

Note: It is incompatible with iOS 6.0+ now, but we will solve it soon.

Share movie or video information with friends anywhere and anytime

Mac Blu-ray Player is the best all-in-one Blu-ray player for Mac. With full features and functions, it provides an easy and comfortable media enjoyment for all users. Another distinctive feature of this versatile Blu-ray player software is its "Share" function, by which you can directly recommend the movie you like or share your reviews with all of your friends onor Twitter anywhere and anytime.


Mac Blu-ray Player:

Mac OS X 10.5 to 10.8
Intel Core2 Duo 2.4GHz processor or higher recommended
512 MB RAM or higher recommended
250 MB of free disk space
An internal or external Blu-ray drive
USB≥ 2.0 or FireWire≥ 400

Mac:
MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro(MAC OS 10.5-10.8）
Mobile devices: (Incompatible with iOS 6.0+)
iPhone 5, 4S, 4, 3GS
iPad 3, 2, 1
iTouch (iOS should be 3 or later)

Input Media:
Blu-ray Disc
Blu-ray ISO
DVD Video
Video CD / VCD
Audio CD (no DTS-CD)
Raw Audio: DTS, AAC, AC3/A52
 
Input Formats:
MPEG (ES,PS,TS,PVA,MP3)
AVI
ASF / WMV / WMA
MP4 / MOV / 3GP
Matroska (MKV)
WAV (including DTS)
Raw Audio: DTS, AAC, AC3/A52
FLV (Flash)
RMVB
