Description:
"I recommend this book for anyone who wants a strong foundation in Access."
ΓÇöJeff Lenamon, CIBC World Markets

Updated edition with exciting new Access 2007 features!

Harness the power of Access 2007 with the expert guidance in this comprehensive reference. Beginners will appreciate the thorough attention to database fundamentals and terminology. Experienced users can jump right into Access 2007 enhancements like the all-new user interface and wider use of XML and Web services. Each of the book's six parts thoroughly focuses on key elements in a logical sequence, so you have what you need, when you need it. Designed as both a reference and a tutorial, Access 2007 Bible is a powerful tool for developers needing to make the most of the new features in Access 2007.

    Build Access tables using good relational database techniques
    Construct efficient databases using a five-step design method
    Design efficient data-entry and data display forms
    Utilize the improved Access report designer
    Use Visual Basic(r) for Applications and the VBA Editor to automate applications
    Build and customize Access 2007 ribbons
    Seamlessly exchange Access data with SharePoint(r)
    Employ advanced techniques such as the Windows(r) API and object-oriented programming
    Add security and use data replication in your Access applications

What's on the CD-ROM?

Follow the examples in the book chapter by chapter using the bonus materials on the CD-ROM. You'll find separate Microsoft Access database files for each chapter and other working files, including

    All the examples and databases used in the book, including database files, images, data files in various formats, and icon files used in the book's examples
    A complete sample application file, including queries, reports, objects, and modules, that you can use as a reference

Authors:  Michael R. Groh, Joseph C. Stockman, Gavin Powell, Cary N. Prague, Michael R. Irwin, Jennifer Reardon

Contents of CD (everything in iso file):
    - e-book
    - example files (installed from start.exe)
    - Adobe Reader  (installed from setup.exe)

To use it mount or burn the iso file