The Challenge S24 Rivals II - Trailer 1

Imagine being offered a life-changing amount of money. But the only way to get it is to work with someone who has backstabbed you... Or tormented you... Or defeated you... Or humiliated you... Your biggest enemy! 

This season on Rivals II, 32 of the most dynamic Challenge competitors ever will enter the tropical depths of exotic Thailand, only to be paired up with their biggest adversary. These sworn enemies must figure out a way to get over their bad blood and work together in order to earn a share of the massive $350,000 prize! 

Not only will these teammates need to work through their own issues, but they will also have to battle their competition in a series of heart-pounding challenges. Here's how it works: there will be male challenge days and female challenge days. After each challenge, the winning team will be safe from elimination. However, the last-place team will be forced to compete in the Jungle, the battleground for a mentally and physically severe elimination round. Then, their fellow competitors will publically vote on the team that will go into the Jungle against them. And this time around, an unprecedented twist to the voting system will send shockwaves through the entire game. These two unlucky Jungle-bound teams will then battle for survival. The winners will get to stay in the game and compete for fortune and glory. However, the losers will be sent home with absolutely nothing. The only way to get a cut of the cash is to make it to the very end and compete in an epic final challenge. 

With $350,000 on the line, things are certain to get ugly. Some teams may attempt to put their painful past behind them, while others will struggle to deal with their rocky history. These rivals will push themselves -- and each other -- past their breaking points, sparking new feuds that will erupt both on and off the field. Tempers will flare, fists will be raised, and hearts will be on the line -- as there have never been as many steamy hook-ups or controversial romances as there are this season! Those who can last until the end will compete in a shocking finale unlike anything they've ever seen or expected, in the final race to determine which male and female team will claim the first place prize and be crowned champions of Rivals II.