Hannibal S01E01 XviD [JKS]
-	
XviD 
Encode Information
Resolution....: 640x360
Video : XviD (.avi)
Audio : MP3 2ch 48kHz
Frame Rate : 23 fps
-
IMDb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannibal_(TV_series)
Official Site: http://www.nbc.com/hannibal/
-
Hannibal is an American thriller television series developed by Bryan Fuller for NBC. The series is based on characters and elements appearing in the novel Red Dragon by Thomas Harris and focuses on the budding relationship between FBI special investigator Will Graham and Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a forensic psychiatrist destined to become Graham's most cunning enemy. The series received a 13 episode order for its first season and, unlike most U.S. network shows, any future seasons will also feature 13 episodes. David Slade executive produced and directed the pilot. The series premiered on NBC on April 4, 2013.
Each episode is named after an element of French cuisine
-
Hannibal Season 01 Episode 01
Title: Apéritif  Directed by: David Slade  Written by: Bryan Fuller  Original air date: April 4, 2013
.
FBI Special Investigator Will Graham (Hugh Dancy), who is haunted by his ability to empathize with serial killers and mentally re-create their crimes with vivid detail, is drawn into the investigation of a series of missing college girls by Special Agent Jack Crawford (Laurence Fishburne), who has special interest in Graham's ability. Crawford and Graham interview the parents of the latest girl to go missing, only to discover that her body has been returned to her bedroom and Graham suspects it is an apologetic gesture on behalf of the killer. As Graham struggles to create a profile, Crawford enlists the help of noted psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen), who takes a keen interest in the case and particularly in Graham, in whom he senses a like-mind. Another girl is found, mounted on top of a deer's head in an open field with her lungs removed and Graham is convinced it is the work of someone else, a negative to show him the positives of the other crimes. Dr. Lecter is shown preparing himself a meal with meat that looks like lungs. Dr. Beverly Katz (Hettienne Park) finds a shred of metal from a pipe-threader on the clothes of the returned girl, which leads Graham and Dr. Lecter to a construction site that employs one Garrett Jacob Hobbs, who fits Graham's profile. Dr. Lecter makes a phone call to Hobbs, warning him that the FBI is onto him and he and Graham arrive at Hobbs' house just as Hobbs kills his own wife. Graham shoots Hobbs dead, but not before Hobbs slits his daughter's throat. Graham and Lecter sit with the unconscious girl in her hospital room.
