This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Dionne Warwick - Greatest Hits 1979-1990 (1989)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41S42FW7KNL._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by William Ruhlmann):

It is easier to define Dionne Warwick by what she isn't rather than what she is. Although she grew up singing in church, she is not a gospel singer. Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan are clear influences, but she is not a jazz singer. R&B is also part of her background, but she is not really a soul singer, either, at least not in the sense that Aretha Franklin is. Sophisticated is a word often used to describe her musical approach and the music she sings, but she is not a singer of standards such as Lena Horne or Nancy Wilson. What is she, then? She is a pop singer of a sort that perhaps could only have emerged out of the Brill Building environment of post-Elvis Presley, pre-Beatles urban pop in the early '60s. That's when she hooked up with Burt Bacharach and Hal David, songwriters and producers who wrote their unusually complicated songs for her aching yet detached alto voice. Warwick is inescapably associated with those songs, even though she managed to build a career after leaving Bacharach and David that drew upon their style for other memorable recordings, such that she remains a unique figure in popular music.

Read all of the bio at: 
http://www.allmusic.com/artist/dionne-warwick-p3158/biography

All Music Album Review (by Ron Wynn):

Dionne Warwick enjoyed a career revival in the late '70s and 1980s when she teamed with such producers as Barry Manilow, Barry Gibb, and even Luther Vandross. They returned her to the elaborately arranged and structured soul-tinged pop that had marked her finest hits, although the lyrics and compositions weren't as consistent as they were during her Burt Bacharach/Hal David period. This album collects the biggest hits from this second phase of Warwick's career, including such triumphs as "Deja Vu" and "I Know I'll Never Love This Way Again"; it also introduced a new tune, "Take Good Care of You And Me."

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/greatest-hits-1979-1990-r21528

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000002VFI

Track List:

01. That's What Friends Are For
02. Heartbreaker
03. Love Power
04. I'll Never Love This Way Again
05. How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye
06. Walk Away
07. Take Good Care Of You And Me
08. Deja Vu
09. Friends In Love
10. No Night So Long
11. I Don't Need Another Love
12. All The Time
