EximiousSoft GIF Creator

The Ultimate Tool to Edit, Optimize GIF Images...

Give you the most powerful ablity to create GIF animation and edit GIF images. GIF Creator has all essential image painting tools for editing images. It also provides 60+ preseted effects to create animated GIF images with one clik. GIF Creator can produce the smallest size animated GIF pictues but without quality lossless, supports layer editing and undo, redo anytime anywhere.

- Provides full painting tools for editing images.
- optimize GIF images with high quality but hold the smallest file size.
- Provides 60+ effects to build impressive animations by one click.
- Supports shadows, outline, gradient, even 50+ image filters.

EximiousSoft GIF Creator Key Features

Optimize animated GIF images Visually and Easily
Produce high quality and impact animated GIF Images which takes less disk space and to be loaded faster. Preview optimized GIF pictures frame by frame and adjust the optimization options if needed.60+ stunning animated effects
Build vivid GIF animations with the effects by one click.Preview impressive animations which is built by selected effect.Each effect often includes many options for adjusting and setting.Powerful image editing tool
Image Selection tools includes Magic wand, Lasso and other geometry shape selection tools. With which, to select the concerned proportion of an image,and then paint, edit, cut, copy, crop or clear the selection. Supports to scale, move, rotate, mirror image layers and paint freely on them or erase proportion visually.60+ Image Filters. To adjust colors or alpha channels and blur, sharp, denoise selected images layers. Supports layer editing and undo redo anywhere anytime.Vector drawing tool
Comes with 2000+ pre-designed symbols. Shapes and texts can be added freely and be filled stroke with solid color and gradent colors. Provides many text transition effects to create attractive banners within few clicks.multiple Images formats
Allows to load image files from GIF, AVI, BMP, PCX, JPG, TIFF, PNG, TGA, PSD, ICO, CUR, ANI ect. files. Allows to save whole animation or separate frames to GIF, AVI, SWF BMP, PCX, JPG, TIFF, PNG, TGA, PSD, ICO, CUR, ANI ect. files.Pre-design shapes & Transition Effects
Comes with 2000+ pre-designed symbols. Shapes and texts can be added freely and be filled stroke with solid color and gradent colors. Provides many text transition effects to create attractive banners within few clicks.Create Animation Easily
Supports to add frames, delete frames, duplicate frames, blend frames and adjust order. Supports to load frames from most popular image format file and AVI video file. Resize animation, resize canvas, set loop times and edit delay for selected frames.

System Requirements:

Window 8/7/NT/2000/2003/XP/Vista
800M Hz CPU or above

Homepage: http://www.eximioussoft.com/gifcreator.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register application with given key.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.