Stardock Multiplicity

Multiplicity enables you to control up to 9 PCs with only one keyboard and mouse. You can copy, paste, drag and drop files between PCs and centralize audio from all PCs to one PC. Multiplicity's data encryption ensures your data is always secure.

- Control up to 9 PCs with one keyboard and mouse
- Drag and drop any size file between PCs
- Copy and paste text and images between PCs
- Centralize audio to one PC
- Protect data with encryption and security options

Eliminate Extra Keyboards
Multiplicity gives you the ability to control and quickly switch between multiple computers with one keyboard and mouse, reducing complexity and freeing up desk space for more efficient uses.

Centralized Audio
Centralize audio from all of your PCs to a single PC ensure you never miss an email, chat or stock price alert. This capability is perfect for stock trading environments and call centers.

Transfer Data Between Your PCs
Copy and paste any content between your PCs. Multiplicity even retains text formatting. Multiplicity also supports drag and drop of files and folders between your machines for quick transfers. Even large files like videos and images are transferred quickly between PCs.

Send Keyboard Inputs to All Computers
Press CTRL three times and Multiplicity starts sending all keyboard input to all connected PCs. Multiplicity also enables you to lock all of your PCs at once.

Data Security
User data is encrypted for additional security in sensitive work environments like financial institutions and emergency management centers. Multiplicity's settings can also be locked to prevent non-administrative users from altering the configuration.

System Requirements:

Windows 7/8/Vista/XP (XP 32-bit only)
Windows 7/8/Vista for audio support	
One monitor per computer minimum
Network connection between PCs

Homepage: http://www.stardock.com/products/multiplicity/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.


Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
