Release Title: BBC.One.Penguins.Spy.In.The.Huddle.[2013]480p.HDTV.H264(BINGOWINGZ-UKB-RG)
TV Air Date: Feb 2013
Genre: Documentary
RunTime: 60 Minutes x3

Penguins - Spy in the Huddle spends nearly a year
in the close company of penguins, deploying 50
spycams to capture as never before the true
character of these birds.
Ep1 The Journey
Penguins as they have never been seen before. From the
freezing Antarctic to the scorching tropics, 50 spy
cameras capture unique footage of three extraordinary
species.
Emperor penguins cross a treacherous frozen sea to reach
their breeding grounds, and on the way one becomes lost
in a blizzard. Once there, the females flipper flight
over the males and those that succeed 'waddle walk' with
their partners. They must lay their eggs without touching
the ice, but it is the males that face the greatest
challenge - overwintering alone in the coldest place
on earth.
Rockhoppers brave the world's stormiest seas, only to come
ashore and face a daunting assault up a 300-foot cliff,
hopping most of the way up. Having laid their eggs, these
plucky birds face airborne attacks from skuas and vultures.
Humboldts are a strange tropical penguin that has rarely
been filmed. To reach their desert nests they negotiate
20,000 predatory sea lions, dodge vampire bats and battle
half a million sharp-beaked seabirds.
The hard work for all the penguins finally pays off when
their tiny, vulnerable chicks begin to hatch.
Among the spy cameras capturing unique behaviour is a
technological first - robotic penguins with cameras for eyes.





Ep2 First Steps
Watched by spycams, chicks are hatching out all over.
Male emperors form an identity parade before handing
over their newborns to the returning females.
The mothers shuffle into a huddle to protect their
offspring from a blizzard. Outside, one tiny chick
doesn't make it and lies frozen by his mother. Chickcam
films the young ones walking on their mothers' feet and
taking their own first unsteady steps. Females without
young try to kidnap the new arrivals and giant petrels
force the chicks to huddle for protection.
On the Falklands, rockhopper chicks meet some unruly
neighbours - king cormorants. Predatory vultures are
seen off by a penguin army. Caracara birds grab an
eggcam and film the aerial shots of the colony! Parents
take a rock shower and even 'chimney climb' to their
own private spa. The chicks face more predators and
bereaved parents plan a chicknap.
In Peru, Humboldt chicks emerge into the desert. The
adults leave their burrow plastered in mud and needing
a bath. They're joined in the waves by Humboltcam and
boisterous fur seals. Home alone, the chicks shoot
gulls with projectile poo and the colony faces a huge
cormorant invasion.
The chicks are learning to become adult penguins.

Ep3 Growing Up
The chicks are growing up fast and becoming increasingly
independent. Emperor and rockhopper chicks are placed in
a creche as their parents go fishing. The Humboldts are
left in their burrows, as the adults enjoy a soft landing
of feathers by a beach swarming with cormorants.
Packed in a huddle, the emperor chicks have to be identity
checked before they are fed, and their parents are swamped
by hungry impostors. Giant petrels are an ever-present
danger, while vampire bats target the Humboldts. As the
young grow bigger and preen out baby fluff they sport punk
hairdos. The emperor chicks go skating on a newly-formed
ice rink, while the rockhopper chicks practice jumping skills.
Eventually all the chicks leave for the sea, tackling the same
hazards as their parents before them, from sea lions to predatory
birds, high cliffs to glaciers. All face huge challenges. There
are plenty of surprises along the way, but soon the chicks
discover their true home - the sea.
From egg to adolescent, spycams have been with the young penguins
through their tough early months. They are with them as they leave.
It will be years before they follow in their parents' footsteps
and return to breed.


ORiGiNAL SOURCE: BBC1/HD
Video: MP4/852*480/25fps
Audio: AAC/2ch/128Kbps
File Size: 700MB x3
Sample Included: Yes
 
http://img43.imageshack.us/img43/184/69955995.png 
http://img836.imageshack.us/img836/1523/63548097.png 
http://img839.imageshack.us/img839/5616/penguin3.png