

Games : Windows : Full Game 

About the game:

Like BioShock and BioShock 2, BioShock Infinite is a first-person shooter with role-playing elements similar to the previous two games. 
As Booker, the player moves about the various structures of Columbia using a grappling hook, a series of railways connecting the buildings called the Skyline, and other transport means to search for Elizabeth. 
The player will gain weapons which can be used in numerous ways within the environment, including on the Skyline, to defeat enemies; however the player is only able to carry two weapons at any time.
Booker gains powers and abilities by using vigors and wearing gear that are found through Columbia, the equivalent of BioShock's plasmids and tonics respectively. 
Vigors grant activated powers such as telekinesis, electricity manipulation, 
or animal control (as seen by the manipulation of a flock of crows within the gameplay demo), 
while selected gear are passive abilities that can improve the player's strength or damage resistance.....


System Requirements
    Minimum:
        OS: Windows Vista Service Pack 2 32-bit
        Processor: Intel Core 2 DUO 2.4 GHz / AMD Athlon X2 2.7 GHz
        Memory: 2GB
        Hard Disk Space: 20 GB free
        Video Card: DirectX10 Compatible ATI Radeon HD 3870 / NVIDIA 8800 GT / Intel HD 3000 Integrated Graphics
        Video Card Memory: 512 MB
        Sound: DirectX Compatible



Notes:
This version of game is already cracked - just install and play.
To be able to save your progress - disable UAC and run game as Administrator.
Included DLC:
 - Machine Gun Damage Upgrade, 
 - Pistol Damage Upgrade, 
 - gold skin for both weapons and five Infusion bottles that allow players to increase their health, their shield durability or their ability to use Vigors by increasing the quantity of Salts they can carry. 


How to install:
After download is done:
- open part1 (executable file) as Administrator ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.



If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .




