Unabridged - 192 kbps
Read by Madeleine L'Engle 
Published by: Listening Library

Father is missing! His top secret job as a physicist for the government has taken him away--but where?--and how? Meg and her younger brother, Charles Wallace, set out with their friend Calvin on an exciting adventure through time and space to search for him. With the help of the mysterious Mrs. Whatsit, Mrs. Who and Mrs. Which, the youngsters learn to expect the unexpected as they move in the fifth dimension known as the "tesseract".

With this award-winning story, Madeline L'Engle has captivated millions of readers throughout the world. Her universal themes of courage, perseverance, and love are interwoven with imagination and suspense. A Wrinkle in Time, published in 1962, won the distinguished Newbery Medal for children's literature in 1963.

Amazon.com Review

Everyone in town thinks Meg is volatile and dull-witted and that her younger brother Charles Wallace is dumb. People are also saying that their father has run off and left their brilliant scientist mother. Spurred on by these rumors, Meg and Charles Wallace, along with their new friend Calvin, embark on a perilous quest through space to find their father. In doing so they must travel behind the shadow of an evil power that is darkening the cosmos, one planet at a time.

Young people who have trouble finding their place in the world will connect with the "misfit" characters in this provocative story. This is no superhero tale, nor is it science fiction, although it shares elements of both. The travelers must rely on their individual and collective strengths, delving deep into their characters to find answers.

A classic since 1962, Madeleine L'Engle's A Wrinkle in Time is sophisticated in concept yet warm in tone, with mystery and love coursing through its pages. Meg's shattering yet ultimately freeing discovery that her father is not omnipotent provides a satisfying coming-of-age element. Readers will feel a sense of power as they travel with these three children, challenging concepts of time, space, and the power of good over evil. 

Book 1 in the Time Quartet Series

00 - Intro
01 - Chapter 01 - Mrs Whatsit
02 - Chapter 02 - Mrs Who
03 - Chapter 03 - Mrs Which
04 - Chapter 04 - The Black Thing
05 - Chapter 05 - The Tesseract
06 - Chapter 06 - The Happy Medium
07 - Chapter 07 - The Guy With Red Eyes
08 - Chapter 08 - The Transparent Column
09 - Chapter 09 - IT
10 - Chapter 10 - Absolute Zero
11 - Chapter 11 - Aunt Beast
12 - Chapter 12 - The Foolish and the Weak
13 - Outro