  Bonobo - The North Borders (2013) [24 bit FLAC] vinyl

  Released: 2013
  Source: ZEN195X / UK
  Genre: Electronic
  Style: Downtempo, Ambient
  Codec: FLAC
  Bits Per Sample: 24
  Sample Rate: 96,000 Hz

  A. First Fires
  B. Emkay
  C. Don't Wait
  D. Know You
  E. Jets
  F. Antenna
  G. Cirrus
  H. Towers
  I. Sapphire
  J. Heaven For The Sinner
  K. Ten Tigers
  L. Transits
  M. Pieces

  On his 2013 release The North Borders, British producer Simon Green (aka Bonobo) continues along the organic-meets-electronic path that his 2010 release Black Sands followed, but this walk takes place as it's turning to dusk, and there are varying degrees of mist and chilliness along the way. Opener "First Fires" with Grey Reverend (singer/songwriter L.D. Brown) sounds like it could be quite warm, but it's entirely autumn-minded sweater music that wistfully wonders what to do with "faded dreams" as Green allows bits of glitchy sunlight to shine through his cloudy synth construction. "Emkay" is the clangs and echoes of a seaside port at night that wonderfully shuffles its way up to a lighthouse tune, then there's majestic songstress Erykah Badu wonderfully vibing ("We don't need no truth/Got plenty/Now it grows on trees") on "Heaven for the Sinner" over Bonobo's deep version of the broken beat. "Towers" suggests sleepy urban buildings in twilight with a vibraphone representing the little bits of life and light that will sparkle through the night, while "Don't Wait" is just before the dawn, as innocent chimes chase away the eerie things that lurk in the darkness. Still, it's not all drifting as the great "Know You" drops a jazzy breakbeat while the high stepper "Ten Tigers" struts to something sounding like an inverted handclap, although there's little here that will make sleeping cats jump off the couch. Fine song structure and an overall album flow that's nearly perfect are things Bonobo regulars might expect at this point, but his discography hasnΓÇÖt offered up a rainy day soundtrack so fitting until this one, so hope the weatherman has bad news and plan on staying in.