Written by Nicole Williams 
Format: MP3 
Unabridged

CRASH
Southpointe High is the last place Lucy wanted to wind up her senior year of school. Right up until she stumbles into Jude Ryder, a guy whose name has become its own verb, and synonymous with trouble. He's got a rap sheet that runs longer than a senior thesis, has had his name sighed, shouted, and cursed by more women than Lucy dares to ask, and lives at the local boys home where disturbed seems to be the status quo for the residents. Lucy had a stable at best, quirky at worst, upbringing. She lives for wearing the satin down on her ballet shoes, has her sights set on Juilliard, and has been careful to keep trouble out of her life. Up until now. 
Jude's everything she needs to stay away from if she wants to separate her past from her future. Staying away, she's about to find out, is the only thing she's incapable of. 
For Lucy Larson and Jude Ryder, love's about to become the thing that tears them apart.

CLASH
The steamy sequel to Crash!
Their Romeo-and-Juliet-level passion is the only thing Jude and Lucy agree on. That, and fighting all the time....
Also not helping? Lucy's raging jealousy of the cheerleader who's wormed her way into Jude's life.
While trying to hang on to her quintessential bad boy and also training to be the top ballet dancer in her class, Lucy knows something's going to give...soon.
How can she live without the boy she loves? How can she live with herself if she gives up on her dreams? If Lucy doesn't make the right choice, she could lose everything.

CRUSH
The conclusion to the Crash trilogy, never before published in any format!
A football fantasy. A giant diamond. The modern-day Romeo and Juliet are taking their relationship to the next level....
Jude and Lucy are happily engaged, but that doesn't mean life's a bed of roses.
Once again, the hottest couple around is torn apart, this time by football training and a summer job. Now it's Jude with the trust issues.
Will Lucy's life-changing news bring them back together or end their relationship for good? Can love triumph forever?