Arcanum Season 1 Issue 1

Posted April 1, 2013

In the 21st century, technology can defend us from anything: terrorist attacks, mad science, even alien invasions. But how do we protect ourselves from a full-blown invasion of magic?

Credits
Writer: John Rogers
Art & Colors: Todd Harris
Lettering: Troy Peteri

------

John Rogers

John Rogers' 16-year career is built on successes in numerous media. He's written and produced a wide range of television series including COSBY and JACKIE CHAN ADVENTURES; most recently he co-created the hit caper series LEVERAGE for TNT. His film work includes over twenty scripts and rewrites including THE CORE and TRANSFORMERS. John has also worked in role-playing games and comics; his relaunch of BLUE BEETLE with Keith Giffen was critically acclaimed and a fan favorite. He's currently running the fifth season of LEVERAGE and is developing several online projects. In case the entertainment business falls through, John has a Physics degree to fall back on.

Todd Harris

Storyboards, graphic design, concept paintings, comic book art ΓÇö Todd Harris has worked on many of the most popular films, games, and commercials of the last decade. His credits include: X Men Origins: Wolverine, God of War II & III, In Time, Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn, and the upcoming After Earth.

------

THRILLBENT is a digital comics site created by award-winning comics writer Mark Waid and television writer/producer extraordinaire John Rogers.

It is an experiment in new-media publishing. Nothing about it is carved in stone; the site will change and evolve with the help of your feedback and constructive criticism. There will be glorious successes, there will be crashing failures, but most of all, there will be the courage to challenge 75 years' worth of accepted "rules" about what comics are and aren't.

This is NOT an attempt to "kill print." Mark, John and their collaborators all love print comics. Mark alone writes what seems to be about one out of every three published these days. Print and digital can co-exist; we're just trying to level the playing field between the two.