    INFO

                 General     : The Indian Runner 1991.DVDRip.DivX . NVEE
                 Format      : AVI at 1 502 Kbps
                 Lenght      : 1.27 GiB for 2 h 1mn 21s 960ms

                 Video #0    : MPEG-4 Visual at 1 301 Kbps
                 Aspect      : 720 x 384 (1.875 at 25.000 fps

                 Audio #0    : AC-3 at 192 Kbps
                 Infos       : 2 channels, 48.0 KHz

                 Text #0     : Timed Text
                 Language    : English



     Plot

The story, set in 1960s Nebraska, involves two very different brothers: small-town deputy sheriff Joe and criminal Frank Roberts.
Before the events of the film, Joe had tried to farm for a living, but was unable to make ends meet, and the bank eventually foreclosed on his property. He became a deputy sheriff as a way to support his young wife, Maria, and child. Joe is a good, conscientious man, but has his own demons to fight with. The opening shot of the film shows a car chase which ends with Joe using his gun to kill a man in self-defense. This results in Joe's conflicted feelings about killing the criminal, as well as the praise and scorn from members of his community from this shooting. Frank, who had been involved with run-ins with the law before going to Vietnam, is described by his father as plagued by "restlessness". Upon his return to town, he breaks into his brother's home and is nearly shot by Joe's wife. The next day, Frank leaves town without ever stopping by his parents' home. As Joe states in the narration, Frank was correct in his assessment that his parents would understand, as they always seem to when he hurts those who love him.
Joe does not hear from his brother for some time, but eventually discovers that he is in jail in another state from their father, who had kept the information quiet to avoid upsetting their mother. Their mother dies and their father commits suicide soon after. Frank is then released from prison and returns to his hometown with his pregnant girlfriend, Dorothy. He tries to settle down and works in construction, but keeps getting into trouble with the law, which puts him in conflict with Joe. When the time comes for Frank's wife to give birth, Frank is in a bar "drinking it down," which sparks a confrontation with Joe. After Joe leaves, Frank beats the bartender to death with a chair and drives out of town with Joe on his tail. The film concludes with Joe allowing Frank to escape across the state line.

PLEASE SEED !!!
(Thank You)		