Empires Collide: The French and Indian War, 1754-63
Ruth Sheppard (Editor)
William M. Fowler (Introduction) 


PDF: 272 pages
Publisher: Osprey Publishing (October 23, 2007)


The warfare of the French and Indian War was diverse, ranging from savage fighting in the forests and plains of the North American frontier to city sieges and open battles, as the British Army struggled with the terrain and the tactics of the opposing French and Native Americans. This book examines the progression of the war, as the British Army learned from their allies, initiated reforms, and eventually triumphed over the French and Canadians. The implications of this conflict reached across the world, contributing to the outbreak of the Seven Years' War in Europe and discontent on the Indian subcontinent. This highly illustrated book charts the campaigns of the war, detailing the different troops raised and involved, the evolving tactics, the fortresses, and, battles.

With intricate full-color artwork and an insightful foreword by renowned historian William M. Fowler, Jr., Empires Collide serves as a detailed battle-by-battle guide to a bloody war born out of aggressive British imperialism,charting the campaigns of the war, detailing the different troops raised and involved, the evolving tactics, the fortresses, and, battles.

About the Author
William M. Fowler, Jr. is Director of the Massachusetts Historical Society and consulting editor to The New England Quarterly. He received his undergraduate degree from Northeastern University and his Ph.D. from the University of Notre Dame. He is the author of a number of books on American history including Empires at War: The French and Indian War and the Struggle For North America, 1754-1763, Rebels Under Sail: The Navy in the Revolution, The Baron of Beacon Hill: A Biography of John Hancock, Jack Tars and Commodores: The American Navy 1783-1815, and Under Two Flags: The American Navy in the Civil War. He is also co-author of America and The Sea: A Maritime History of America. He was Professor of History at Northeastern University from 1971 to 1998 and has taught a variety of courses in American history. He also teaches at Mystic Seaport Museum and has lectured at the Smithsonian Institution, the United States Naval War College and the Sea Education Association. He is a member of the Massachusetts State Archives Advisory Commission, The Colonial Society of Massachusetts, the American Antiquarian Society, and an Honorary Member of the Boston Marine Society and the Society of the Cincinnati. He received an Honorary degree from Northeastern University in 2000. The author lives in Boston, MA. 