Title: Corean Chronicles

Author: L.E. Modesitt

Book(s): 8

Format: eBook (.epub)

Additional Info: Readme File

*Calibre is a great free tool for managing ebooks. Link: http://www.calibre-ebook.com/

Genres: Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Epic

Summary:

A New Age Begins 

The First Book of the Corean Chronicles

Millennia ago, a magical disaster caused the fall of a great civilization that spanned a continent, and ended a golden age. Corus today is a world of contending countries, of struggling humans, strange animals and elusive supernatural creatures. Though much has been forgotten, it is still a place of magical powers, and of a few people who are Talented enough to use them.

Even as a child, Alucius showed very strong Talent. He was warned never to reveal it, lest others seek to exploit it. But as he grows to young manhood, Alucius must serve in the Militia like his father before him. When his country is invaded by the slave armies of the Matrial, immortal ruler of a nearby land, Alucius is captured and magically enslaved.

A time of changes has come upon all of the world of Corus. If the evil surrounding the Matrial is not ended, those changes will not be happy ones. Alucius and his Talent have a central role to play. - Goodreads Summary of Legacies (Corean Chronicles #1)

Note: For all audiences (teen and up). There are many mixed opinions about this series, as stretched throughout the 8 books are opinionated things. But give it a shot, it's a great sci-fi series from the legend themself.

Compatibility: Most eReaders

Metadata: Yes

Covers: Yes

RELOADED: This torrent is a reload of the original for the purpose that an internal Bittorrent error caused peers to be stuck at 99.6%. It seems to have something to do with the readme file, but the problem is now solved!

Any requests? Concerns? Comments? Anything of the sort? Then plz view readme for support link.


Please seed and thanks for downloading!



By: MastermindTTA ~ Thanks for the support!