Seven Veils is beginner bellydance instruction that will teach you how to perform a romantic dance for a special
occasion. Whether it is a birthday party or a personal, romantic evening, this program will teach you the skills and
give you the entertainment ideas you need to make your special event unforgettable. 

Sarah Skinner, renowned for her passionate, glamorous, evocative dance, teaches you a range of classic bellydance moves
that come together into an elegant dance routine, perfect for total beginners and rich in ideas for a special show with
an intimate, romantic flavor. 


The dance vocabulary is explained and practiced in sections: Hip work, undulating moves, upper body, floorwork, and veil
work. Next, Sarah breaks down, step-by-step, her romantic dance routine based on the legend of Salome and her Dance of
Seven Veils. 


You will begin with seven veils wrapped around your body: In the course of the dance, you will take the veils off one by
one. Sarah teaches you how to put on the veils using traditional bellydance veil wraps, and how to take them off in
mesmerizing swirls, waves, and cascades. 


Enticing and entertaining, the Seven Veils Dance incorporates spectacular veil moves, striking poses, and body angles.
It can be performed as a fully-choreographed routine combining veil moves with hipwork, undulations and other
traditional bellydance steps, or you can simply follow the outline of the dance, focusing only on the veil moves - a
great introduction to veil dance for a total beginner. 


Special sections of the program include tips on audience interaction and a step-by-step guide to creating your own
bellydance costume from materials widely available at craft stores. 


A bonus performance section features ΓÇ£SalomeΓÇÖs SinsΓÇ¥ - a dance theater piece presented by Sarah and her group.
This fascinating performance includes another version of the Dance of Seven Veils, enriching the program with more ideas
on how to design and perform your own romantic veil dance.

