This is the same torrent that was uploaded to Demonoid in August 2011.


Bobby Vee & The Shadows - The Early Rockin' Years (1995)
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41C4Q24SK2L._SL500_AA300_.jpg

Includes:
Files by track, ripped at FLAC 8 using Easy CD-DA Extractor (www.poikosoft.com)
DVD-ROM: LG GDR816B
Tracks have full tags (including embedded thumbnail)
AMG Bio.txt
AMG Review.txt
info.txt (which is simply these notes included in the torrent)

First biography paragraph from All Music (by John Bush):

He launched his career as a fill-in for the recently deceased Buddy Holly, Bobby Vee scored several pop hits during the early '60s, that notorious period of popular music sandwiched between the birth of rock & roll and the rise of the British Invasion. Though a few of his singles -- "Rubber Ball," for one -- were as innocuous as anything else from the era, Vee had a knack for infectious Brill Building pop, thanks to his ebullient voice as well as the cadre of songwriters standing behind him.

Read all of the bio at:  http://www.allmusic.com/artist/bobby-vee-p5750/biography

All Music Album Review (by Bruce Eder):

Bobby Vee was mostly defined for a lot of listeners by the cloying pop/rock of "Take Good Care of My Baby" and related hits of the early '60s, but as his full recorded history reveals, he had a lot more strings to his bow -- not just after that song, but long before, as listeners discover on this collection of mostly early sides recorded with his band the Shadows (no relation to the English group of that name). This side of Vee's output is usually acknowledged in terms of his obvious debt to Buddy Holly, and the lanky Texas legend's influence can be heard throughout. In that regard, it's all derivative rock & roll, but it's also nicely done and pretty solid material by what amounted to a talented second-tier (or third-tier) act of the late '50s who needed a break -- and that break would come, though not on this material. It's still worth hearing in the same way that those innumerable Buffalo Bop compilations of late-'50s rock & roll and rockabilly sides are. The crudest stuff here, including "Lonely Love" (which apparently only exists as an acetate), is the most interesting and exciting, but even the ballad sides like "Love Must Have Passed Me By" -- self-produced by Vee and the band in Minnesota -- are worth a listen or two, not just for their unforced honesty, but also for what they reveal of what Vee brought to the table when he finally crossed paths with producer Snuff Garrett. One realizes that it was Vee who helped point Garrett in the direction that the producer later used to such startlingly good effect with a later artist, Gary Lewis. It's on these sides that the persona of the ur-nebbish -- which Lewis became in a successful ride to the top of the charts -- first really manifests itself within something close to Garrett's orbit. The sound is variable, in keeping with the rough sources for some of the material, but overall the package is a lot of fun and highly informative, and it's difficult to find anything to complain about in the addition of the better part of an hour of Vee's rock & roll rejoining the catalog.

Taken from:  http://www.allmusic.com/album/the-early-rockin-years-r238898/review

Amazon.com's page:  http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000000RYK

Track List:

01. Flyin' High
02. Suzie Baby
03. Lonely Love
04. Love Must Have Passed Me By
05. It's Too Late
06. Laurie
07. Remember The Day
08. That'll Be The Day
09. Susie Q
10. White Silver Sands
11. Butterfly
12. Party Doll
13. Bye Bye Love
14. Wishing
15. Leave Me Alone
16. What'll I Do
17. Toy Soldier
18. Loco
19. Card Shark
20. Mindreader
