English | CBZ | 6 Issues

Dollhouse: Epitaphs 1-5 + One-Shot
Publisher:  Dark Horse
Publication Date:  March 30, 2011, July 13, 2011 - November 2011

Writers:  Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen
Artist:  Cliff Richards
Colorist:  Michelle Madsen

Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen, joined by longtime Buffy the Vampire Slayer artist Cliff Richards, take us on an intricate trip through the precise moment when the Active technology went global, and how the protagonists from Epitaph One and Two narrowly avoided death, and worse. Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen wrote the Epitaph episodes of Dollhouse Seasons One and Two, and currently write for the Starz series Spartacus. This is their first work in comics. Artist Cliff Richards has drawn more Joss Whedon-related comics than any other artist, including issues of Buffy Season Eight.

Dollhouse: Epitaphs (One-Shot)
Having penned the show's final, post-apocalyptic episode, show writers Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon continue the tale of three survivors in a world overcome by a devastating technological virus. The wealthy and powerful could buy any kind of companionship at the Dollhouses, where the Rossum Corporation paid young people to have their minds wiped clean and be imprinted with computer-enhanced personalities and skills-all according to a buyer's request. Now the technology has gone viral, wiping the minds of everyone it reached, turning them into mindless butchers. Those who've avoided the call must try to survive their friends and families if they hope to destroy Rossum and save the world.

Dollhouse: Epitaphs #1
The fight for free will starts now! Alpha was the perfect product of Rossum Corporation's mind-altering technology, until he snapped, burdened by the dozens of personalities they'd downloaded into his brain. Now the technology has gone viral, turning the entire population into murderous automatons, and it's up to the psychotic Alpha and a small group of survivors to save mankind.

Dollhouse: Epitaphs #2
Following the spread of a mind-altering virus, Trevor, a young survivor of the apocalypse, must embrace the new world order if he hopes to survive. With the unpredictable Alpha guiding him, Trevor will use tech to fight tech in this sci-fi adventure that will take our star characters from the blood-filled streets of Los Angeles to the heart of the conflict-the Rossum Corporation.

Dollhouse: Epitaphs #3
While Mag, Zone, and Griff fight to survive the LA apocalypse without killing each other, Trevor and Alpha must take the fight straight to the Rossum Corporation, which started it all. In order to destroy Rossum, they must find Echo-the only person uniquely equipped to destroy the evil corporation from the inside.

Dollhouse: Epitaphs #4
In Los Angeles, survivors Mag, Griff, Zone, and a few new recruits band together to fight against the Rossum Corporation. In Tucson, Alpha and his very small army of 'dolls' make plans to infiltrate Rossum headquarters and find Echo, who may hold the key to saving humanity.

Dollhouse: Epitaphs #5
The Rossum Corporation's tech-induced apocalypse has spread worldwide. Now that the majority of the population is either a mindless killer or a mindless member of a makeshift army, Rossum is once again directing their attention to capturing Echo. At the edge of Rossum's HQ, Alpha's small army of 'dolls' are also attempting to find Echo-she's humanity's only hope for survival. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Mag, Griff, and Zone organize their new recruits to take down a radio tower that broadcasts Rossum's Wielder imprint.

Thanks goes to DTs for this release.