Jorge Luis Borges (Andrew Hurley, trans.) - Collected Fictions (Penguin Classics, 1999). 565 pages.

The pdf is a reprocessed, improved version of a scan. The original had some problems, but most of them have been eliminated in this pdf. Some pages have a moderate amount of fading in the gutter. It's a searchable pdf (clearscan) with contents in bookmarks (though not every single story), accurate metadata and pagination, etc.

The epub and mobi files have a completely different source; they are high quality files. I recommend using either or them unless you strongly prefer pdf.


description:

The complete fiction of Jorge Luis Borges, whom Nobel Prize winner Mario Vargas Llosa calls "the most important Spanish-language writer since Cervantes."

A New York Times Notable Book

The International Bestseller

For the first time in English, all of the best Latin American writer Jorge Luis Borges's dazzling fictions are collected in a single volume in brilliant new translations by Andrew Hurley. From his 1935 debut with The Universal History of Iniquity through his immensely influential collections Ficciones and The Aleph, the enigmatic prose poems of The Maker, up to his final work in the 1980s, Shakespeare's Memory, these enigmatic, elaborate, imaginative inventions display Borges's talent for turning fiction on its head by playing with form and genre and toying with language.

For some fifty years, in intriguing and ingenious fictions that reimagined the very form of the short story, Borges returned again and again to his celebrated themes: dreams, duels, labyrinths, mirrors, infinite libraries, the manipulations of chance, gauchos, knife fighters, tigers, and the elusive nature of identity itself. Playfully experimenting with ostensibly subliterary genres, Borges took the detective story and turned it into metaphysics; he took fantasy writing and made it, with its questioning and reinventing of everyday reality, central to the craft of fiction; he took the literary essay and put it to use reviewing wholly imaginary books.

Commemorating the 100th anniversary of his birth, this edition at last brings together all of Borges's magical short stories. Collected Fictions is the definitive one-volume compendium for all those who have long loved Borges, and a superb introduction to the Argentine master's work for those who have yet to discover him.


From Publishers Weekly

Undeniably one of the most influential writers to emerge in this century from Latin America or anywhere else, Borges (1899-1986) is best known for his short stories, all of which appear here for the first time in one volume, translated and annotated by University of Puerto Rico professor Hurley. Many of the stories return to the same set of images and themes that mark Borges's best known work: the code of ethics embraced by gauchos, knife-fighters and outlaws; labyrinths; confrontations with one's doppelganger; and discoveries of artifacts from other worlds (an encyclopedia of a mysterious region in Iraq; a strange disc that has only one side and that gives a king his power; a menacing book that infinitely multiplies its own pages; fragmentary manuscripts that narrate otherworldly accounts of lands of the immortals). Less familiar are episodes that narrate the violent, sordid careers of pirates and outlaws like Billy the Kid (particularly in the early collection A Universal History of Iniquity) or attempts to dramatize the consciousness of Shakespeare or Homer. Elusive, erudite, melancholic, Borges's fiction will intrigue the general reader as well as the scholar. This is the first in a series of three new translations (including the Collected Poems and Collected Nonfictions, all timed to coincide with the centennial of the author's birth), which will offer an alternative to the extensive but very controversial collaborations between Borges and Norman Thomas di Giovanni. 