From Union Solidarity International

- By Theodora Oikonomides and Zoe Mavroudi

Skouries is the most important Greek story you’ll rarely hear about. It’s an ancient forest in northern Greece, where a mammoth Canadian gold-mining company is staking its claim.

Gold-mining, environmental concerns, state repression, police violence and a sturdy and organized local anti-mining movement have made Skouries a veritable battle ground in Greek politics, one that has received very little international coverage, clearly overshadowed by the escalating Greek crisis.

Greek company Hellas Gold and its main shareholder, Canada’s Eldorado Gold are working towards establishing a gold and copper mine in the ancient forest of Skouries in the northern region of Halkidiki but residents of the area’s 16 villages are strongly opposed to the project and have held several demonstrations against it over the past year, many of which have turned violent. Riot police have made excessive use of tear gas even inside the forest and in the villages, while residents have accused police of detaining people on trumped up charges, physically abusing them and even taking DNA samples from them against their will.

“Halkidiki right now is a black hole in the geography of Greece. It’s a place in this country where the Constitution has been turned into a rag, where the rule of law has collapsed, where human rights are violated on a daily basis,” said Dina Daskalopoulou, a journalist with the Editors’ Newspaper, the only daily Greek newspaper owned by its staff’s cooperative. Daskalopoulou was speaking in a radio interview to Radiobubble.gr, an independent citizen’s journalism community that has been covering the Skouries story closely and reporting from the protests for the past year.

Daskalopoulou gave a disturbing account of what could very well be the most organized State suppression of a movement in Greece. She said residents’ homes are being monitored by State Security, phones are being tapped and detentions are the norm, often targeting disabled residents and high school students. “I think that the state has a comprehensive plan with regard to the local people. It’s launched a whole operation to terrorise them. So it’s choosing what it believes will more easily break their spirit. “

It is not hard to understand why this small corner of Greece is so fraught with tension. For starters, Skouries is an area with a long history of mining that dates back to Alexander the Great. More recently, in the 1980s, an attempt by Canadian company TVX Gold to establish a mine in the area fell through after scientists at some of Greece’s largest institutions such as the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and the Technical Chamber of Greece warned residents that such an investment would lead to an unprecedented environmental disaster by polluting the 317 square kilometre area’s soil, sea, air and water and rendering their villages uninhabitable.


Source: soshalkidiki