Najma (1943) MHCe DVD5_Indian Cinema- The Early Years_Classic [DDR]

CAST:-
Ashok Kumar.....Yusuf Khan
Sitara.................Raziya
Veena................Najma
M. Kumar...........Mukarram Nawab
Yakub.................Bedil
Murad................Dr. Khan, Yusuf's father
Majid..................Nawab Rafatjah
Rajkumari Shukla

Directed by Mehboob Khan
Produced by Mehboob Khan
Music by Rafiq Ghaznavi
Lyrics by Anjoom Pilibhiti
Playback Singers:- Ashok Kumar, Parul Ghosh, Mumtaz, Sitara Devi, AmirBai Karnataki

TRIVIA
- Najma is a 1943 Indian film directed by Mehboob Khan and starring Ashok Kumar and Veena. 
- The film's music is by Rafiq Ghaznavi with lyrics by Anjum Pilibhiti. 
- Najma was the first film under Mehboob Khan's Mehboob Productions banner. 
- Khan paid Kumar Rs. 1 lakh for his role in the film, a record at the time. 
- Due to its financial success upon release, the film became a blueprint for Muslim socials that followed.

Songs are included in MP3s
Najma (1943) 00. Title Music and Screen Credits, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 01. Short Prayer
Najma (1943) 02. Tarsi Hui Hai Muddat Se Aankhein, Ashok Kumar, Anjum Pilibhiti. Rafiq Ghaznavi	
Najma (1943) 03. Eid Milo Eid Guiyaan, Various artists, Arzoo Lakhnavi, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 04. Mujhe Jo Khilaate Hai Pano Main Mirche, Ashok Kumar, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 05. Bhala Kyun O Ho..Magar Kyun, Parul Ghosh, Mumtaz, Arzoo Lakhnavi, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 06. Nazar Kuch Aaj Aisa Aa Raha Hai, Mumtaz, Ashok Kumar, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi	
Najma (1943) 07. Fasl-e-Bahaar Gaaye Jaa..Didye Gam Ruleye Ja, Parul Ghosh, Sitara Devi, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 08. Jal Jaa Jal Jaa Patange Jalte, Sitara Devi, Ashok Kumar, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 09. Kya Mohabbat Ka Yahi Anjaam Hai, Ashok Kumar, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 10. Saajan Ke Naina Jaadu Baan, Amirbai Karnataki, Mumtaz, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 11. Jab Yaad Teri Aati Hain, Sitara Devi, Ashok Kumar, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 12. Gaaoon Khushi Mein Gaaoon, Sitara Devi, Anjum Pilibhiti, Rafiq Ghaznavi
Najma (1943) 13. END SONG
Najma (1943) 14. All Songs


NOSTALGIA 1943
- Exhibition of 'approved' propaganda films made compulsory under Defence of India Rules 44A.
- Kismet one of the biggest hits in Indian Film history is released. It ran continuously for 196 weeks at Chitra, Calcutta. All were regular shows!
- Rajkamal Kala Mandir's first film 'Shakuntala' released.
- Mahatma Gandhi watched 'Ram Rajya', the only film in his life time.
- Information Films of India started.

POPULAR FILMS of 1943
1. Hamari Baat : M I Dharamsi - Jayraj, Devika Rani, David
2. Tansen : Jayant Desai - K L Saigal, Khursheed
3. Kismat : Gyan Mukherjee - Ashok Kumar, Mumtaz Shanti
4. Naadan : Zia Sarhadi - Noor Jahan, Maya Devi
5. Ram Rajya : Vijay Bhatt - Shobhna Samarth, Prem Adib
6. Taqdeer : Mehboob - Nargis, Motilal, Chandramohan

POPULAR SONG of 1943
1. Dheere Dhere Aa Re Badal : Kismet - Arun Kumar, Amirbai
2. Door Hato Ae Duniya Walon : Kismet - Amirbai
3. Neend Hamari Khwab Tumhare : Nai Kahani - G M Durrani
4. Aaye Bhi Wo Gaye Bhi Wo : Namaste - Parul Ghosh
5. Gadi Wale Dupatta Uda Jaye : Poonji - Shamshad Begum
6. Ghat Ghanghor Ghor : Tansen - Khursheed
 	
TOTAL FILMS RELEASED : 161
Hindi : 106
Bengali : 21
Tamil : 13
Telugu : 6
Marathi : 7
Others : 8


SYNOPSIS:- Najma (1943)
Lucknow medical student Yusuf has fallen in love with Najma, the daughter of his wealthy neighbor, after seeing her only once. Encouraged by his friend Bedil, he decides to pursue her. Najma thinks he is too forward and tries to punish him by putting salt in his food at her family's Eid celebration, but accidentally serves it to his father Dr. Khan instead. Najma then falls in love with Yusuf, meeting him secretly in the garden. Their romance is interrupted when Dr. Khan announces that he has betrothed his son to his cousin Raziya. Although Yusuf initially refuses to marry Raziya because she is an uneducated village girl and he loves Najma, Najma convinces him to marry Raziya to preserve his family's honor. Heartbroken, they both marry other people; Yusuf marries Raziya and Najma weds the wealthy Mukarram Nawab. Raziya finds out about Yusuf's hidden love and becomes very jealous. Meanwhile, Yusuf sinks into depression and Najma becomes ill with worry over him. Mukarram overhears Raziya jealously berating Najma over her love for Yusuf and resolves to kill him. But Mukarram has a serious accident and Yusuf is the only one who can save his life. Yusuf saves Mukarra's life and assures him and Raziya that he does not wish to take Najma away. Giving up each other forever, Yusuf and Najma part.

Najma emphasises the importance of education and the necessity for modern development within the Muslim community, but also portrays the value of family honor and upholding traditions like arranged marriage. The film's upper class Lahknawi protagonists live in an economically privileged world and follow the traditional tehzeeb etiquette of Lucknow. The film mainly deals with family relationships and the effects of tehzeeb on them. Many of these elements became the prototype for later Muslim social films which usually focused on male-female relationships in upper-class Muslim communities

Yusuf is the son of a prominent and respected doctor in this community, and is himself studying medicine to become a doctor. One day he meets with beautiful Najma and both fall in love, and meet secretly. When his father announces that it is time for him to get married, Yusuf is delighted and would like to introduce Najma to his dad. But before he could even mention Najma, his father informs him that his marriage has been arranged with Raziya, an illiterate village belle. Yusuf refuses to marry Raziya, but his father convinces him to change his mind, and as a result the marriage takes place. But Yusuf is unable to get Najma out of his mind, and will have nothing to do with Raziya. Najma, on the other hand, realizes that fate has not intended them to marry, and has already consented to an arranged marriage by her family.

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:-
Video Codec: MPEG-2
Video Bitrate: 4514 kbps
Video Resolution: 720x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.333:1
Frames Per Second: 29.970
Audio Codec:  AC3
Audio Bitrate: 448kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 6
Audio Languages: Hindi
RunTime: 1:55:17
Subtitles: English
Ripped by: Trinidad [DDR]   
Duration: 1:55:17
