"Dance for Joy-Part 2"┬⌐. Recorded in Andorra and Barcelona, Spain, August - 2003. Participate in the re-seeding of the Cosmic Krist Seed Atom, second and final stage Magnetic "Hethalon Peak'. Welcome to the 3-Day Particle Conversion and the "Day After", as the second coming of the Krist activates the Golden Fleece Buffer Field/Arc Zone following the final 3 of 6 Stellar Infusions of the 2000-2017 SAC. The Veca Mahadra Adhrana-the Well of Dreams, the Master Key Code of the Universal Arc of the Covenant. The BeaSTly Solar Cross Alignment and the Grand Cross Alignment. The Ruby Seal, the Emerald Seal, the Metatronic Seed Atom and the importance of the Arc AzurA. Halting full activation of the BeaST and also the August 12, 2003 Dimensional Blend Experiment, and stopping at the 55 Monster Merkaba. Plans to expose 34-21 Reverse Creation Mechanics explaining origin of 7.8Hz Schumann's Resonance. Perceptual filters and synthetic telepathy. Meditation with the Haialeia race known as the Addondraea (our Density-2 intermediaries to the Eieyani) during the Silver Stellar Infusion #4 at the Secret Meeting Station of the Indigos. The first Hethalon RRT Stand and the Emerald Seal Access Code Command, the second Hethalon RRT Stand and the 24 Commandments. Hethalon Stage A-Dawn to noon; Stage B-noon to dusk; Stage C-Dusk to 11:10PM; Stage D1-11:11PM-12:12AM - The Great Thunder ending with Activation of the 13th Pillar, and Activation of the Tri-Veca Eckasha Merkaba to Shift to the Ecka Axis as we Call back our Ectoplasmic Body; Stage D2-The Rainbow Morning. Instruction of the first 6 Seurieas in preparation for the remaining 6 Seurieas as well as the remaining 12 Gratitudes, Celebrations and Victories of the Maharata Texts Volume 1, Book 1. The August 14, 2003 NYC Blackout, 11,000 deaths in Paris and 7 earthquakes off the coast of Paxos explained. Importance of "Age of Aquarius" song as it pertains to the BeaSTly Solar Cross Alignment. Induction of the Mahadra Adhrana, Mahadra Adhrana Technique A through E Sequence to pick up the Golden Fleece while removing the Hypothalamic Band using the Blue-Black Stellar Infusion #5, the E-Umbi Band using the Silver-Black Stellar Infusion #6 and Metatronic Monad Implant System using the Maharic Wave Infusion, and finally the Mahadra Adhrana Pass Key for Activating the Golden Fleece or Mahadra Adhrana Flame Body known as the "Jewel OF the Lotus".