Garbage Truck Simulator-FASiSO

Date.........: 2013      Files........: ISO
Company......: Excalibur Language.....: English

Game Notes 

It may not seem the most glamorous employment in the world, but collecting
and transporting refuse can be lucrative, confirming the old adage "where
there is muck there is brass"!

Start your own refuse business and keep the streets clean in a living,
breathing, virtual city, created in stunning 3D! Take control of your own
truck and head off across the city to fulfil your collection obligations.
Drive the ultra-realistic garbage truck from task to task as you strive to
generate an income. Drive carefully and keep the lid on your speed as
police traps prove an expensive drain on your financial resources! Even
though you are in the junk business take care not to trash your truck, as
thanks to a comprehensive damage modelling system every dent and breakdown
will require repair.

Manage your collection crew and operate the intricately animated mechanisms
for emptying and compressing your load into the back of the truck. Domestic
and industrial waste, building rubble and even dangerous chemical disposal
are all in a day's work! Grow your business from the income for each load
and become the trash tycoon for your city!

Invest the money earned in collecting garbage: perhaps upgrade your vehicle
or buy another one. Expand your business by buying new depots. Refuel and
repair your vehicles and equip yourself for the next job.

Features:

5 garbage trucks with detailed cockpits
Animated controls
Collect various waste items such as household garbage, debris & toxic waste
Large European Town to explore
Fully automatic collection possible

Installation Notes 

1. Burn the ISO with your favorite software.
2. Install game
3. Enjoy !


System Requirements:


Windows XP (SP3) / Vista / 7
2 GHz (dual core processor recommended)
1 GB Ram (2 GB recommended)
GeForce 6 or ATI equivalent with 128 MB RAM
CD ROM Drive
1.5 GB hard disk space


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/hsKpzVK.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/2JeOlpU.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/QtzSoyU.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/mbLaLDc.jpg


SEED AND ENJOY!