Description
Game is Pre-Cracked and includes v2.1.437044 + 25 DLC

Turning off anti-virus before installation is recommended! and exclude the game folder from antivirus.


Installation screen for English language:


Year: 2012
Genre: Action (Shooter)
Developer: United Front Games
Publisher: SQUARE ENIX, Eidos Interactive
Game Version: 2.1.437044
Publication Type: Repack
Language: Russian / English
Sound language: English
Tablet: enclosing (SKIDROW)

System requirements:
v Operating system: Windows Vista, 7
v Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.6 GHz, AMD Phenom X3 8750
v RAM: 2 GB (Vista / 7)
v Video: Nvidia Geforce 8800 or Radeon HD3870
v Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
v Free space on hard drive: 11 GB

Description:
Inspired by classic Hollywood and Asian cinema style action thrillers, Sleeping Dogs is a gritty open-world cop drama set in the vibrant city of Hong Kong. Sleeping Dogs catapults players into the role of undercover cop Wei Shen, tasked with taking down one of the worldΓÇÖs most fearsome criminal organizations from the insideΓÇª the Hong Kong Triads. As players explore the bustling and crowded Hong Kong island, through its neon-lit side streets and sprawling street markets, an incredible story unfolds of loyalty and betrayal where Wei begins to question his own motives as he is sucked in deeper than he could ever imagine.

Features:

A mature and gritty undercover cop drama in which you risk blowing your cover at any time.
Explosive action fueled by a seamless mix of deadly martial arts, intense gunfights and brutal takedowns.
Epic high-speed thrills: Burn up the streets or tear up the sea in a vast array of exotic cars, superbikes and speedboats.
Hong Kong is your playground: Enter illegal races, gamble on cock fights, or kick back with some karaoke. There are countless ways to entertain yourself in Hong KongΓÇÖs diverse districts.

Features RePack:
Do not recoded / no cut (lossless)
Game Version: v 2.1.437044
DLC:
The Dragon Master Pack:
Georges St. Pierre (GSP)
Police Protection
Martial Arts
Deep Undercover
Triad Enforcer

Just Cause 2 Character Pack
Top Dog Silver Pack
Top Dog Gold Pack
Tactical Soldier Pack
Drunken Fist Pack
Retro Triad Pack
Nightmare in North Point
Square Enix Character Pack
The SWAT Pack
Street Racer Pack
The High Roller Pack
Community Gift Pack
Ghost Pig Pack
Screen Legends Pack
The Red Envelope Pack
Valve T-Sirt Pack (Team Fortress Pack)
High Resolution Texture Pack
Monkey King Pack (Only English)
Movie Masters Pack (Only English)
Zodiac Tournament (Only English)
Gangland Style Pack (Only English)
Year of the Snake (Only English)
Wheels of Fury (Only English)

Installation time ~ 10-15 minutes.
RePacked by R.G. Revenants

For more info on DLC, check: http://sleepingdogs.wikia.com/wiki/Downloadable_Content_%28DLC%29