Language: English 
Duration: 16.5 hours 
Video: AVC 1289x720 25 fps 
Audio: AAC 64 Kbps 44.1 KHz 
Size: 8.08 GB
Project Files: Included
URL: http://www.infiniteskills.com/training/learning-adobe-premier-pro-cs6.html

In this training course for Adobe Premiere CS6, expert author Jeff Sengstack introduces you to the powerful tools that are available to you in this video editing software from Adobe. Designed for the beginner, this tutorial begins with the basics, and gradually teaches you everything you need to do to create high-quality video projects.
You begin by learning what a video production workflow actually is, and how you are going to utilize this. You will learn about non-linear editing, and how to setup Premiere Pro to suit your own needs. As you progress through this computer based training course, you will learn how to create projects, edit them, add video and audio transitions, and even add video effects. Jeff introduces you to other editing concepts such as color correction, compositing, effect animation, adding titles and graphics, working with audio and much much more! Of course, you will also learn how to export and share your projects with the world.

By the conclusion of this video based training course on Premiere Pro CS6, you will be comfortable creating visual masterpieces with your own video using the powerful non-linear tools that Premiere provides for you. Working files are included to allow you to work alongside the author throughout this training course.

Contents:
01. Introduction
02. Explaining The Video Production Workflow
03. Getting Started
04. Importing, Capturing, And Managing Assets
05. Adding And Arranging Clips On A Single Audio/Video Pair Of Tracks
06. Trimming And Adjusting Clips
07. Making Specialized Edits
08. Adding Video And Audio Transitions
09. Working With Video Effects
10. Checking Out A Selection Of Video Effect Categories And Specialized Effects
11. Performing Color Correction
12. Introducing Compositing (Layering)
13. Animating Motion Effects
14. Using Keying Effects
15. Specialized Compositing: Adjustment Layers And The Track Matte Key Effect
16. Working With The Titler
17. Introducing Audio Editing
18. Making Specialized Audio Edits
19. Working With Audio Effects
20. Using The Audio Mixer
21. Exporting A Project
