Resplendence MultiMon Professional

MultiMon is an advanced multifunctional system monitoring tool for Windows which displays highly detailed output of a very wide range of activities in real-time.

It offers state-of-the-art system monitoring functionality which cannot be found in any other software. It's an indispensable tool for system administrators, developers and support engineers.

The system monitor displays process and thread creation as well as binary image loading. The device monitor allows you to capture communications between applications and device drivers.

MultiMon offers three different types of file monitoring: File API monitoring which monitors file activity from the perspective of the application, file system monitoring which monitors file activity from the perspective of the file system and object monitoring which allows you to view activity on file objects from the perspective of the Windows object manager.

The registry monitor shows registry activity in real time.

As a bonus, MultiMon allows you to monitor clipboard, keyboard and task activities as well.

MultiMon allows you to export output to text files and sort output views on columns. It offers a comprehensible non-destructive filter option. An optional 'merged view' allows you to display all activity in one single view.

All activities are recorded with lots of details, including a high-precision time stamp, process name and ID, thread ID, CPU ID, object handle, and window title.

MultiMon runs on Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows 2003 Server SP2, Windows XP and Windows 2000 SP4, both x86 and x64 editions. Some functionality is only available on x86 editions of Windows. 

Supported OS:

Win2000/XP/2003/Vista/Win7

Homepage: http://www.resplendence.com/multimon

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Already Registered, no need of Key or crack.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.