Every town has it's own ghost story, and a local folktale around Ravens Fair is about a ventriloquist named Mary Shaw. After she went mad in the 1940s, she was accused of kidnapping a young boy who yelled out in one of her performances that she was a fraud. Because of this she was hunted down by townspeople who in the ultimate act of revenge, cut out her tongue and then killed her. They buried her along with her "children," a handmade collection of vaudeville dolls, and assumed they had silenced her forever. However, Ravens Fair has been plagued by mysterious deaths around them after Mary Shaws collection has returned from their graves and have come to seek revenge on people that killed her and their families. Far from the pall of their cursed hometown, newlyweds Jamie and Lisa Ashen thought they had established a fresh start, until Jamie's wife is grotesquely killed in their apartment. Jamie returns to Ravens Fair for the funeral, intent on unraveling the mystery of Lisa's death. Once reunited with his ill father, Edward, and his father's new young bride, Ella, Jamie must dig into the town's bloody past to find out who killed his wife and why. All the while, he is doggedly pursued by a detective who doesn't believe a word he says. As he uncovers the legend of Mary Shaw, he will unlock the story of her curse and the truth behind the threat from a rhyme in his childhood: if you see Mary Shaw and scream, she'll take your tongue. And the last thing you will hear before you die...is your own voice speaking back to you.

After receiving a weird package with the doll named Billy, Jamie's wife is murdered and he believe's Mary Shaw and Billy are behind it. Destined to find out the truth, Jamie goes to the town of Raven's Fair where the ventriloquist Mary Shaw used to perform and is buried. But Jamie is in for more than he expected.

From the brilliant horror masters that brought us the Saw franchise, we are offered up another taste of true fear. The story takes place after Jamie Ashen comes home to find his wife Lisa disfigured and dead in their apartment just minutes after a mysterious, not to mention creepy, package was left on their doorstep containing an old ventriloquist dummy. With no alibi, a detective is left to assume Jamie as the prime suspect. Driven by an old ghost story, Jamie returns to Ravens Fair, his old hometown to prove his innocence. The story leads him to believe that the vengeful ghost of Mary Shaw was the real murderer. But when Jamie returns to Ravens Fair, he finds out more than he bargained for. 

In a rainy afternoon, the young couple Lisa and Jamie Ashen anonymously receive a mysterious package with a weird dummy inside. Jamie leaves the apartment to buy Chinese food, and when he returns, he finds Lisa dead, totally disfigured and without her tongue. The snoopy detective Jim Lipton blames Jamie as prime suspect. Jamie finds in the box a reference to their hometown and he drives to the decadent Ravens Fair for the funeral services of Lisa and to investigate the legend of the ventriloquist Mary Shaw. His father Edward Ashen and his young wife Ella disclose that the woman was accused in the glorious days of Ravens Fair in the 40's of abducting and killing a boy that yelled with her on the stage. The locals, including his father, chased her, cut out her tongue and killed her. On the next years, the cursed families and descendent of the killers has had mysterious and creepy deaths, with the tongues removed and faces disfigured. Jamie goes to the old theater in Lost Lake trying to find evidences of his innocence and discovers that Mary Shaw was constructing the perfect doll, and that the spirits have long memories.