Artist: Joel Rafael
Release: America Come Home
Discogs: 4005727
Released: 2012
Label: Inside Recordings
Catalog#: INR 7171
Format: FLAC / Lossless / Log (100%) / Cue / CD
Country: US
Style: Folk, World, & Country, 

Tracklisting:

01. .Dance Around My Atom Fire
02. America Come Home
03. Dharma Bums
04. Go Tell The Savior
05. Indian Summer
06. Runaway Girl
07. .Meanwhile The Rain
08. Can't Feel Your Love
09. Within Your Graces
10. Singing In The Streets
11. Goldmine
12. .Racing And Chasing The Sun

"America Come Home", is California songwriter Joel Rafael's eighth album. The album provides 12 tracks of Rafael's unique brand of American Power Folk. "Dance Around My Atom Fire," is a Woody Guthrie-Joel Rafael co-write, which opens the album and sets the tone of social consciousness that permeates Rafael's writing. "America Come Home", the album's title track performed with David Crosby and Graham Nash, is a wonderful request to restore the American Dream" (http://www.joelrafael.com/discography.html, 2012).

Performing on the album: Joel Rafael, on vocals and acoustic guitar; Mark Goldenberg, on electric guitar and Hammond B-3 organ; Steve Di Stanislao, on drums; and Beth Fitchet Wood, on backing vocals.
Rafael has an early Dylanesque vocal as he opens this album with atomic protest firepower on the track "Dance Around My Atomic Fire". "America Come Home" is the album's highlight with Crosby and Nash adding their legendary consciousnessΓÇª.and golden harmonies.
"Dharma Bums" is full of svelte electric guitar playing, mixed well with good vocals and lyrics. "Go Tell The Savior" is a great road song, full of lyrics and conversation about the years on the road travelling to gigsΓÇªand a return "home".
"Runaway Girl" has the feel and sound of an early Tom Petty track, making it another highlight off the album.
"Meanwhile the Rain" is full of some of the best acoustic and electric guitar on the album, supported well with Goldenberg's well placed Hammond B-3 organ. Wood's backing vocals really help lift "I Can't Feel Your Love".
"Singing In The Streets" is a good story about the past and the ups and downs of busking.
"Goldmine" is about appreciating what you have, and avoiding the worry over what you don't.
The closer, "Racing And Chasing The Sun, as with much of the album, brings back memories of some of Gary Louris straight ΓÇô ahead solid folk rock music that bares the sole and delivers the artist's heart and consciousness to his audience.
 
http://dickthespic.org/